Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to welcome Pastor Paul C. Meyers as our guest chaplain this morning and greatly appreciate him leading us in prayer on this historic Thursday. Pastor Meyers is from the 16th Congressional District of Illinois, which I proudly represent, and serves as the senior chaplain at the United Methodist Church in Roscoe, Illinois. Serving in ministry since 1992, Pastor Meyers has been a stalwart, faithful figure in our community. He serves as chaplain for the fire, EMS, and law enforcement—19 years and counting—and is currently the head chaplain for the HarlemRoscoe Fire Department and the Roscoe Police Department. He also serves as chaplain with the FBI and will be resident chaplain at the FBI Academy this month in Quantico. I want to say thank you to Pastor Meyers and to his family for all they do to serve in our community. We are humbly grateful for this dedication to serving the Lord and providing us with this spiritual guidance. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH BIRTHDAY OF PEACE, INC. (Mr. KATKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 50th birthday of PEACE, Inc., a nonprofit, community based organization in my district in Onondaga County. PEACE, Inc., was founded on March 26, 1968, with a mission to empower individuals in our community to thrive. Today, this organization plays an integral part in the lives of so many central New Yorkers. From children and families, to teenagers, to senior citizens, PEACE, Inc., is dedicated to helping all individuals realize their self worth and become selfsufficient. Under the leadership of Executive Director Joe O’Hara and its board of directors, PEACE, Inc., in Onondaga County has such programs as Head Start, Senior Nutrition, the EITC Free Tax Prep programs, and many others. Poverty does not just hurt those who live in it; it hurts our entire community. By focusing on stabilizing families, improving living conditions, and developing partnerships with our regional schools, businesses, and other nonprofits, PEACE, Inc., has provided thousands of individuals and families in our community with a pathway out of poverty. After 50 years of outstanding work, PEACE, Inc., deserves our recognition and our gratitude. I join many in our community in wishing the many men and women involved in this great program congratulations on 50 years of serving the community. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the work being done by First 5 San Luis Obispo County for families on the central coast. I stand to endorse their Children’s Bill of Rights. This document serves as a guide well beyond San Luis Obispo County that every lawmaker in this Nation should work toward, especially the right to visit a doctor to help children stay physically and mentally healthy. This week marks the eighth anniversary of the Affordable Care Act that covers 1 million children through the State and Federal marketplaces. The ACA also made significant investments in our Children’s Health Insurance Program. I urge my colleagues to continue to work together to strengthen this legislation. By controlling the cost of prescription drugs, ensuring costsharing reduction subsidies, and adding a public option to bring down the cost of health insurance plans, we can ensure that we continue to raise healthy children. 
RECOGNIZING THE CENTENNIAL CELEBRATION OF BOY SCOUT TROOP 14 (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Boy Scout Troop 14 of Williamsport, Pennsylvania, on its centennial celebration. Troop 14 is the oldest consecutively chartered troop in the Susquehanna Council Boy Scouts of America. Saint John’sNewberry United Methodist Church has been its sponsor for these 100 years. Troop 14 has provided scouting to boys in Newberry and the surrounding area. Impressively, the troop has produced 127 Eagle Scouts during that time. It has been through the efforts of many that the troop has been and continues to be an active and strong unit. For 100 years, Troop 14 has helped scores of Boy Scouts build a more conscientious, responsible, and productive society. The Boy Scouts of America is one of the Nation’s largest and most prominent valuesbased youth development organizations, providing programs for young people that build character, train them in the responsibilities of participating citizenship, and develop personal fitness. Mr. Speaker, along with my colleague, TOMMARINO , I commend Troop 14 on its centennial celebration for building so many future leaders by combining educational activities and lifelong values with fun. I wish them the very best on this milestone occasion and look forward to another 100 years of excellence. 
COLORECTAL CANCER AWARENESS MONTH (Ms. BARRAGA´N asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month. This type of cancer is the second leading cause of death in the United States. Each March, we raise awareness about this terrible disease and spread the word about the importance of getting screened. If you are 45 years or older, please get yourself screened early. The disease poses an especially high risk to AfricanAmerican men and women who have the highest rate of death and the lowest survival rate among all Americans. This is why I am proud to support funding for programs like the Colorectal Cancer Control Program, which was established specifically to address disparities in screening rates and to improve access to underserved populations. Along with the Affordable Care Act, which requires the coverage of screening tests, we can provide the healthcare that Americans need to stay cancer free. 
HONORING THE SEVEN U.S. MILITARY MEMBERS KILLED IN IRAQ ON MARCH 16, 2018 (Mr. KINZINGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of our fallen heroes, the seven U.S. military members killed in the helicopter crash over western Iraq on Saturday, March 16, 2018. As an airman, I had the privilege of flying with Captain Andreas O’Keefe. His Air Force service included three tours in Iraq, serving in Afghanistan and the Horn of Africa and, most recently, in Texas to help out during Hurricane Harvey. And still, he wanted to do more. Andy was a fellow air guardsman, a Long Island guy, and served with the 106th Rescue Wing of the New York Air National Guard. Like many who join the service, Andy did so voluntarily, with a servant’s heart, eager to serve his country and to help others. Without question, he lived by the 106th credo: ‘‘That others may live.’’ As a nation, we mourn for the families and loved ones of those fallen heroes. We send them our prayers, deepest condolences, and deepest gratitude for their service to the country. While we grieve this tragic loss, I know Andy died doing what he loved and what he was called to do and what he wanted to do: serve his country. Mr. Speaker, we stand in this Chamber because of the sacrifices of men and women like this. We have the freedom to debate and vote and use our voices because of their sacrifice. With that, it is with a heavy heart that I say Godspeed to my friend, Captain O’Keefe. May God bless our troops every day. f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO COACH DON LUCIA (Mr. EMMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding person and a friend. Don Lucia started playing hockey on outdoor rinks in northern Minnesota as a boy. After playing the game through high school and college, he became one of the most successful college hockey coaches in the country. Recently, Coach Lucia announced he will retire from coaching the Minnesota Golden Gophers men’s hockey team after 19 seasons. During his tenure at Minnesota, Don’s teams regularly finished at the top of the WCHA and, more recently, won the Big Ten Conference 4 out of the past 5 years. His teams also made the NCAA playoffs 13 times and won two national titles. As a player growing up in Grand Rapids, Minnesota, Don was a leader. He was disciplined, and he made everyone around him better. As a coach, he not only built winning teams, he developed young men. Don is retiring as a true ambassador for the game. While he will no longer be coaching our Minnesota Gophers, I hope Don continues to be a leader for the game of hockey and for our State for years to come. Don, thank you for leading our Gophers to victory time and time again. Good luck to you; your wonderful wife, Joyce; and the rest of the Lucia family as you start the next chapter. 
HONORING MICHAEL MACCHIAVELLO (Mr. PITTENGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of North Carolina State University senior Michael Macchiavello, who, on March 17, won the NCAA Division I National Wrestling Championship at 197 pounds. Mr. Macchiavello is a graduate of Sun Valley High School in Indian 
Trail, North Carolina, where he was a 4A State champion wrestler in 2013, when he posted a 61–1 record. His college coach says Michael is constantly improving and that his work ethic, discipline, attitude, and commitment put him in position to compete for the national title. Mr. Macchiavello is not just a champion inside the ring. He has already completed a bachelor’s degree in finance and is working on a master’s of arts. Congratulations to Michael Macchiavello on winning the NCAA Division I National Wrestling Championship. Indian Trail, Union County, and the entire Ninth Congressional District are mighty proud of him. We wish him the best in what we know will be a great success for him in the future. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 1625, TARGETED REWARDS FOR THE GLOBAL ERADICATION OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 23, 2018, THROUGH APRIL 9, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 796 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 796 Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1625) to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational organized crime for purposes of the rewards program of the Department of State, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 11566. The Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without intervening motion. SEC. 2. On any legislative day during the period from March 23, 2018, through April 9, 2018 — (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, article I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. SEC. 3. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 2 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. SEC. 4. Each day during the period addressed by section 2 of this resolution shall not constitute a calendar day for purposes of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1546). SEC. 5. Each day during the period addressed by section 2 of this resolution shall not constitute a legislative day for purposes of clause 7 of rule XIII. SEC. 6. The chair of the Committee on Appropriations may insert in the Congressional Record not later than March 23, 2018, such material as he may deem explanatory of the Senate amendment and the motion specified in the first section of this resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. b0915 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, last night, at a late hour, the Rules Committee met, where we had expert testimony that was offered on behalf of the chairman and ranking member of the Committee on Appropriations, the gentleman from New Jersey and the gentlewoman from New York. I would like to, if I could, express to my friend, Mr. MCGOVERN , the professional nature not only that he but Judge HASTINGS , another member of the committee, represented the Democratic side at a time that is very difficult for them with the passing and loss of a tremendous leader in the House of Representatives, the gentlewoman from New York, Chairwoman LOUISE SLAUGHTER . Mr. MCGOVERN and Mr. H ASTINGS not only conducted themselves, in my opinion, in a professional straightforward manner, but represented their party quite well in a time of distress and a time of need. I want to express my complete confidence not only in Mr. MCGOVERN , but also thank Judge H ASTINGS for his professional demeanor last night as we worked through very, very difficult issues till late in the night, till early in the morning. And compliments also to the gentlemen, the chairman of the committee and the ranking member for their professional conversations that were had that were in the best interest not only of the House of Representatives but the American people. I want to thank Mr. MCGOVERN publicly at this time for his professional cause and substance. Mr. Speaker, today we rise in support of this rule and, of course, the underlying legislation. The rule provides for consideration of the Senate amendment to H.R. 1625, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, this is funding the government for the rest of the year, through September 30. This is an important measure. This is an important measure not only for the American people, but it is important for Members of Congress. There are a lot of ways that we could stand and say what we are for or what we are against, but the bottom line is that this is a piece of legislation that has been worked on, on a bipartisan basis, Republicans and Democrats, give and take, and has been worked on the other side of the Capitol with the United States Senate. It is in no way a perfect bill. That, I think, I learned a long time ago, is hard to get through to be signed by the President. But with that said, it yielded amazing results in a process that needed to come to a conclusion. This 12bill appropriations package provides funding for fiscal year 2018 at levels consistent with the bipartisan budget agreement and the National Defense Authorization Act. After years of neglect, this body has taken the important step of reshaping and rebuilding the United States military by providing them $659.6 billion worth of funding for our national defense. But it is for more than just national defense. It is also trying to give better protection to the men and women who protect us, the men and women who, today, are in cold, lonely, hot, dangerous places around the globe. Mr. Speaker, a muchneeded $65 billion increase over 2017 fiscal year spending was essential. Mr. Speaker, the numbers speak for themselves. More members of our armed services gave their life in defense of this country in training exercises than they did in combat last year. This is a hardy reminder for Members of Congress and the American people to understand that our men and women not only fight hard, but they train hard. And in that defense, we need to do a better job to make sure that the equipment, the training, and the needs that they have are top flight yearround not just in combat areas, but in training missions where they are preparing to protect this country. Mr. Speaker, we have come a long way to that, and I am proud of the work that we have done. The agreement ends, I think, the irresponsible practice of pairing dollar fordollar increases in defense spending with nondefense. This is a hard fight. This is a hard fight not only RepublicanDemocrat, but across this country. We have tried to make some balanced decisions. We have tried to err on the side of using money for the best interest of research and development and to move this country forward. The bill strengthens missile defense. It strengthens and funds new weapons systems for the military. And it heavily increases designated counterthreats around the globe. As you know, Mr. Speaker, we are facing down one of the greatest threats to the world right now, North Korea. Now is not a time to 
shy away. Mr. Speaker, we will not shy away. These colors don’t run. It funds additional national security priorities, including nuclear modernization, new nuclear submarines, and other important shipbuilding and aircraft procurement for our United States military. Quite honestly, Mr. Speaker, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. GRANGER ) and her counterpart from the appropriations committee looked at the exercise that is necessary and came up to streamline and make sure that the money that would be given would be necessary and only in defense of this Nation. This legislation also includes a long overdue 2.4 percent pay increase for our troops. The men and women who care for our veterans know that they need the help, and their service to this country will not be without a thankyou, thus providing a record level of VA funding, while increasing oversight to make sure that the benefits and treatment of our veterans is properly taken care of. The new Secretary Shulkin of the VA is very concerned about the duty that they have to our veterans, and he has assured us this amount of funding will allow he and the Department that opportunity to fix, correct, and, long term, know that the longterm safety for our veterans and their facilities will be accomplished. It provides robust funding to fight terrorism. It enhances criminal law enforcement and secures our borders by increasing funding for border security and the enforcement of immigration law. This legislation also includes new infrastructure funding for highways, waterways, airways, railways, and other infrastructure priorities to ensure public safety is taken care of and to promote economic growth. Mr. Speaker, it provides $4 billion, the largest investment to date, to combat the opioid crisis. We have spent a great deal of time not only working on this Member to Member, but also State organizations working with their members; Federal law enforcement; and the National Institutes of Health, through the direction of Dr. Shiva Singh, their chief medical officer who spent a great deal of time working with Members of Congress, opioid task forces, substance abuse task forces, and perhaps, most of all, the problems that we have that face this great Nation, where we have addiction problems. These are addressed within this spending bill. Increase in funding by $3 billion, certainly the head of the NIH, Dr. Francis Collins, believes that this investment in the National Institutes of Health, including the National Eye Institute and other important parts of NIH, will receive the funding that is necessary to ensure that the men and women of this country who suffer longterm effects of aging and other medical problems, that we can address them and live up to our responsibility. I thank Dr. Francis Collins and Dr. Shiva Singh for their instruction to our important Appropriations Subcommittee Chairman TOMCOLEfor his great work at the NIH—$2.3 billion in new funding for mental health training and school safety efforts help our children to make sure that our schools are safe. This is a brief rundown, Mr. Speaker, of the kind of work not only that we have dug in and done on a bipartisan basis, but the kind of work that I believe the American people want, need, and expect. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ), the chairman of the Rules Committee and my friend, for the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank the distinguished chairman of the Rules Committee for his thoughtfulness in the aftermath of the passing of our dear friend, the former chairwoman of the Rules Committee, LOUISE  SLAUGHTER . We appreciate his support. We appreciate the support of all the Republican members on the Rules Committee, especially for the Democratic staff, but we are truly grateful for all of his consideration and for all of his remembrances of our friend. We want him to know it means a great deal to all of us, so we thank him. I also want to take this opportunity to once again wish the chairman of the Rules Committee a happy birthday. I had the honor to be with him at 1:30 in the morning yesterday and to wish him happy birthday then. So we will wish him happy birthday again at 9:30 in the morning, and we wish him many, many more. Mr. Speaker, you know, here we are, and I am kind of at a loss for words. There is really not a lot to say. We are here, yet again, facing another manufactured and totally avoidable crisis. You know, what on Earth will it take for the Republican leadership of this Congress to actually step up to the plate and start governing? Because this process that is bringing us this bill today, I don’t think, represents good governing. We have seen five continuing resolutions. We have seen two government shutdowns in less than 6 months. It is mindboggling. It takes my breath away. Mr. Speaker, Republicans control the House, they control the Senate, they control the White House; but the truth is that it turns out that they can’t govern. Governing is hard work. It takes skill. It takes compromise. It is not all press conferences and it is not all tweets. It takes leadership. So I would encourage our Republican colleagues to cut the nonsense and get down to business. We can’t keep on embracing processes like the one that we are seeing unfold today. Give the American people the certainty they deserve, fund this government the right way. But this process that brings us this omnibus today, I think, is disappointing not just to Democrats, but to a lot of Republicans as well. Now, as lousy as this process was to get here, there are some things in this agreement that we can be enthusiastic about. We are encouraged by increases in spending for domestic priorities, like infrastructure, education, medical research, and support for our veterans, among other things. These are things that are of great importance to Members on the Democratic side. We are pleased that the negotiators on our side of the aisle worked diligently to remove poison pill riders, and they fought to limit the construction of the President’s stupid border wall. Our enthusiasm is tempered because of what else might be in the bill, what we might not know. It is over 2,200 pages long, and it was posted at 8 p.m. last night. I am not sure anyone in this Chamber has had the chance to actually read the entire text of this omnibus. I don’t know how many inadvertent errors may be contained in this omnibus. b0930 I worry what kind of provisions we could find tucked away in this bill in the days and the weeks to come. This is no way to govern, Mr. Speaker. Our Republican colleague from Louisiana over in the Senate, Senator JOHNKENNEDY , said yesterday that he thinks this whole process is an embarrassment. He said: ‘‘As bad as it looks to the American people from the outside, it is worse on the inside.’’ I don’t blame the Appropriations Committee. I have nothing but the highest respect for Chairman FRELING HUYSEN and Ranking Member L OWEY . They did an incredible job, and they and their staffs deserve our gratitude. There were many sleepless nights to be able to produce a product so that we could actually move forward and not shut the government down. They did what everybody expected them to do, and I want to thank them for their work. And to be honest with you, I don’t really blame the Rules Committee. We were given this last night, and we had to come up with a process and a rule to bring it to the floor. But I do blame the Speaker, and I do blame the Senate majority leader, and I do blame the President, because they are in charge and we shouldn’t be at the brink of a government shutdown before we consider spending bills. This should have been done months and months ago. Mr. Speaker, again, the American people deserve much better. They deserve a Congress that works for them, a Congress that is responsive to their calls for action, a Congress that listens to all voices, both Democrats and Republicans alike. 
Mr. Speaker, I am hopeful that this omnibus legislation will ultimately work its way through Congress and to the President’s desk to avert yet another Republicanmanufactured shutdown. But I would ask the Republican leadership of this Congress: Let’s reform the way we do business around here. I don’t believe that those of us in the minority expect to win all the time, but we expect to have our voices heard, and we want and we demand a fair process. We want enough time to read bills before you bring them up for a vote. That is not too much to ask. Let’s work together to bring a little bit more transparency, a little bit more sunshine, and yes, a little bit more democracy into the people’s House. This is supposed to be the greatest deliberative body in the world. I don’t know why it is such a radical idea that we deliberate every once in a while. Instead, we are presented with a 2,200 page bill, and we have been given summaries, but, in all honesty, none of us know what is actually in this bill and whether or not there are some things here that, quite frankly, might be very, very troubling once we begin to read this bill over the days and weeks ahead. Let’s have an honest and open debate. Let’s resolve that we are not going to ever go back to this process again where we fund government hour to hour. We need to get back to important issues facing our country and the American people. Again, I want to express my gratitude to the appropriators and to those who were in these negotiations to try to get us a bill here today, but this is a lousy process, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. We can’t sanction this process. No matter what you think about the bill, this process is something that we have to stand up and say: This is unacceptable. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, to the gentleman from Massachusetts, I not only accept his advice about process and procedure, but I certainly would join in with him to thank our appropriators, the men and women who, on a bipartisan basis, Mr. Speaker, took time to wander to the other side of the Capitol to engage their colleagues. I can tell the gentleman, and he knows this probably on a firsthand basis, much was discussed. This was a big process. This was at the end of the year that I do agree with that should have taken place on October 1, not on March 22, that we decided where we are headed. But the discussion, the decisionmaking, the ability for both sides, both parties, to deal on the same issues has gotten tougher and tougher. I support our Speaker and what he is attempting to do. He has opened up the process. He has tried to make it to where the discussions take place on a bipartisan basis. And the Speaker, I believe, has tried to place before us, as Members of Congress, the opportunity to be heard, to represent our thoughts and ideas. I didn’t win some of the issues that I was for. I held some ideas out about a number of issues that we had been working on that were contained in the bills that came out of the House only to come back months later from the Senate in a different priority, in a different way, and perhaps not exactly what I would have wanted. It would be easy for me to say, however, that the greater good of what we are attempting to accomplish is why we are here. Ultimately, we have a duty, Mr. Speaker, we have a duty and a responsibility, to ensure that which we finalize is in the best interest of the American people. The overriding concern here is to make sure that the efforts of government, albeit that we as Americans, I don’t think, want to get all that we pay for from government, we still recognize that there are people in our midst that need a government— and I do, too—a government that works well and is funded properly. Mr. Speaker, last night we had an opportunity to hear from a number of my colleagues on the Republican side, a number of Members of Congress who spent hours waiting their time before the Rules Committee, not an unusual intuitive process from a number of our Members who had questions, comments, and concerns. I promised to address one of them. The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. MASSIE ) brought forth what was a discussion about what is known as the NICS fix, or, as we refer to it, fixing NICS, a NICS fix. Well, this is the database that is responsible for holding names and giving approvals for those people who purchase weapons across the United States. I agreed to provide some bit of an answer today and I hope some clarity on the issue that relates back to December of 2017. I told the gentleman last night that I believed that, while his arguments were important and I supported exactly the underlying ideas, and that is that we do not believe that agencies by themselves should have the ability to deny an American citizen the right, the constitutional right, for them to properly, legally own a weapon, as we do know and remember back during a previous administration, at least two agencies, the Social Security Administration and the Veterans Administration, developed procedures by which they believed were appropriate, but that I think have proven incorrect, to deny people a weapon based upon a criteria that they established. This fix NICS provision was corrected and is still in law, and, to the best of my ability in doublechecking, I would now like to notify the gentleman from Kentucky that I believe it is properly done. I would not be a part of making a change in the law, as I told him, that would deny an American citizen under these two agencies without lawful consideration of a hearing and with due process, and based upon the law and constitutional requirements of our Constitution to deny someone their right to keep and bear arms. Mr. Speaker, please consider that I appreciate the gentleman who showed up last night until late, late in the morning, and that he was doing his duty, which I respect and admire, and I am trying to respond back to him. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Texas, the distinguished chairman of the Rules Committee, said that he appreciated the Speaker’s listening to the different opinions of all Members here in the House. I think the frustration here is not that we can’t raise our voices, the frustration here is that we cannot bring things that we care about to the House floor for debate. The gentleman just talked about the issue of guns. We are living in a country where we have massacres on a regular basis. The American people overwhelmingly want us to bring gun safety legislation to the floor. Things like universal background checks, for example. The leadership of this House will not let us bring those bills to the floor for debate or for a vote. They have shut us out. So this process that has been endorsed by the Republican leadership is not open. It is very, very closed. In fact, we are on record to becoming the most closed Congress in the history of the United States of America. That is not something that I think the United States Congress should aspire to. Maybe that is something that the Russians might want to aspire to, but it is certainly not something that we here in this country want to aspire to. Everybody in this Chamber has ideas. Everybody represents the same number of people. Everybody should be heard, and important legislation and important ideas ought to be brought to the floor for debate and for a vote. If you do not want to vote for universal background checks, or if you do not want to vote to ban bump stocks, or if you do not want to vote for an assault weapons ban, then don’t vote for it. But it is wrong and it undermines this institution when, on issues like that, we are told: You cannot deliberate on the House floor. Another issue is DACA. The President of the United States single handedly ended the DACA program, and he threw the lives of hundreds of thousands of people into chaos. It was a cruel and rotten thing to do. The President’s arbitrary March 5 deadline ending this program has come and gone, and instead of leadership and compassion, all we have seen is partisan tweeting. It is maddening, and it betrays our values. 
Earlier this month, President Trump tweeted: ‘‘Total inaction of DACA by Dems. Where are you? A deal can be made.’’ Well, to answer President Trump’s question, the Democrats are right here, offering bipartisan solutions to protect these young Americans. This is the 26th time that we have attempted to bring a bipartisan bill, the Dream Act, for a vote on the floor. And I am going to ask people to vote against the previous question so we can bring a solution to the floor and protect these incredible young people who have given so much to our country. But this is the 26th time that we have attempted to do this. And, by the way, this is not just a Democratic bill. There is bipartisan support for this. And what is particularly frustrating is that the Republican leadership of this House will not let us have that vote. Why? Because they know it will pass. They know it will pass. They don’t want the majority to work its will in this Chamber. They have deliberately said: No. We are not allowing you to bring that to the floor. If you want to help these people, you have to bring a bill to the floor. And if you don’t want to help them, well, bring the bill to the floor and vote ‘‘no.’’ But this is ridiculous. There is bipartisan support to fix this problem, to help these people, to live up to our values in this country. Again, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3440, the Dream Act, and this bipartisan, bicameral legislation would help hundreds of thousands of young people who are American in every way except on paper. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I would just say to my colleagues: Give us the vote. Give us this vote. If you don’t like it, then vote ‘‘no.’’ But if we were to bring this bill to the floor, I guarantee you it would pass. I think every Democrat would vote for it, and a big chunk of Republicans, maybe even a majority, might vote for this. b0945 I don’t know what the gentleman is afraid of. I don’t know why this is so hard. This is the Congress of the United States. This is the place where these issues are supposed to be resolved; and, instead, all we get from the leadership of this House is obstruction, obstruction, obstruction. They block everything—block everything. Everything is closed. It is my way or the highway. Enough. These people deserve better than this institution is providing. They deserve a vote. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO) to discuss our proposal. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Massachusetts for yielding. Yesterday, the University of Central Florida in Orlando had a unique student body president election. The candidates were Karen Caudillo, my constituent, and Josh Bolona, both Dreamers, beneficiaries of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Act. They ran on a platform of justice and equality, and so did I. Today we celebrate Josh Bolona’s victory on becoming UCF’s first Dreamer student body president. So what a sad backdrop we have here today. President Trump declared victory for getting $1.6 billion to start his wall in a tweet late last night—$1.6 billion to start Trump’s wall. So his wall gets funding, but our Dreamers get left behind. How can I, in good conscience, go home to my constituents and explain this? I wonder aloud: When will our Dreamers be the priority? When will it be their time to shine? When will they have their moment of opportunity, a reprieve from worrying and from looking over their shoulders every day? Mr. Speaker, when will the waiting finally stop for them and the living begin? When will the Dreamers finally get to dream? Every week for 198 days, we have come here to ask our colleagues for their consideration of the bipartisan Dream Act. I remind you of that because it has been 198 days since the President put hundreds of thousands of Dreamers at risk of losing their jobs, careers, their families, and everything they have worked for their entire lives. Many take solace in a court injunction issued in California and New York. As a lawyer, I can tell you these Dreamers are hanging by a thread. They are one adverse ruling away from oblivion. What about the over 1 million Dreamers who are not part of the case? Those young people who would be entering the program, the young sisters and the young brothers of Dreamers who are in the DACA program and those Dreamers who did not apply out of concern and out of a mistrust they had for giving their information to a Federal Government that has turned their back on them? They would have no quarter under these injunctions and no rest. They have no peace. Why can’t we, once and for all, come together to give these deserving young patriots who embody our deepest values the opportunity to earn their citizenship, hardworking patriots like Josh, Karen, and hundreds of thousands of others who will have contributed an estimated $460 billion to the U.S. economy over the next decade? These young people are making positive and significant contributions to the economic growth of our country which benefits all of us. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Florida an additional 2 minutes. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I know my colleagues across the aisle don’t want deportation of Dreamers on their hands, so why not do something now, at this moment, at this time? Why not pass a law that would permanently allow these young people to build a life here, to graduate from college, to start a new business, and to show their immense gratitude to a country that gave them a chance? Today we have the opportunity to uphold our values and pass the Dream Act so that these Dreamers and the millions of people who swore to represent them aren’t worrying and wondering any longer. We are asking for one vote, just one vote, that will keep whole our principles and ideals and allow these young people to pursue the American Dream. So for the 26th time in 198 days, I ask my colleagues to vote against the previous question so that we can immediately bring the Dream Act to the floor and provide certainty for Dreamers like Karen and Josh who want to continue to work, live, and contribute to the only country they love and the only country they have ever known. I cannot afford to wait another day, nor can they. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I don’t want to digress too much, but the gentleman from Massachusetts referred to a process that just was embarrassing and did not work. I recall, last night, testimony from the ranking member, the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ): ‘‘This is one of the best processes that I can recall. We have products that we can be proud of. We worked together.’’ Mr. Speaker, it is hard doing business in this town. It is hard doing business because we have disagreements. But let us not also misunderstand that it was President Trump who challenged Congress when our previous administration simply went about writing their own rules and regulations that made the circumstances on our border not only more dangerous, but very costly for every single American by encouraging tens of thousands of people to travel through Central America to come to the United States, and for us to take them into the United States with illegality that has been ruled on by Federal courts in this country. A legal and lawful process is what President Trump is attempting to have this Congress do. He understands that power under Article I and the power under Article II. I believe that President Trump personally invoked hours of his time to make sure that he properly worked with Congress—key people from the House, key people from the Senate—televised day after day to get 
closer on the issue that he felt could gain resolution. It is a hard issue. But to suggest in any way that President Trump is a culprit of anything except leading to the best I believe would be an unfair statement against his intended desire to resolve the issue. Mr. Speaker, last night, the Rules Committee, under the strong leadership of the gentleman from Georgia, ROBWOODALL , and the strong leadership of TOMCOLE, provided evidence based information not just to sustain the document that we are here for, but actually to continue the explanation of what we are doing and why, including the balances of budgeting and those necessary items but also the content. Our vice chairman of the Rules Committee, the gentleman from Oklahoma, TOMCOLE, doubles in his duty to Congress, and he serves as the lead appropriator, the chairman of the subcommittee that is responsible for health, NIH, and research and development. Mr. COLE’s professional attributes really shined last night as he, with great pride, discussed major, hard issues facing this Nation, facing the United States, and facing the medical community in this country. I was very proud of not only his content with the substance, but also with the delivery of the product. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE) to discuss this seemingly impossible work that he made possible. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his gracious comments. I appreciate the time, and I appreciate the fulsome praise. I do want to talk just a little bit about process because I think, if you are not on the Appropriations Committee, you probably haven’t been able to follow a lot of this. And, frankly, this process can be made better; there is no doubt about it. I suspect, processwise, my friend from Massachusetts and I are not very far apart on where we think it ought to end up. But I do want the full body to understand what we went through to get to this point. First, it is important to remember that all 12 subcommittees of the Appropriations Committee produced legislation last year. There were full hearings and fulsome debate, and each subcommittee reported out their product. Then the full committee dealt with each subcommittee’s report and presentation, and in doing so, all amendments were open from both parties. Eventually, of course, all those 12 were put into a single bill. There were hundreds of amendments from both sides of the aisle that were made in order in that process. That bill was brought to the House floor in midSeptember, and it was passed. So, the House effectively did all of its work. It did the hearings; it did the markups; it reported it to the floor; and it moved it across the floor. We have been waiting for about 180 days for the Senate to respond. I could point some fingers. I am not going to. They didn’t get a single appropriations bill across the floor, and only a few out of the full committee. We have finally, about 4 weeks ago, had a bipartisan negotiation at the leadership level that reset the numbers: a big increase from the Budget Control Act for defense spending. That is something Republicans very much wanted, and many Democrats did as well. And, frankly, also, an increase from nondefense discretionary spending as well—so new numbers. At that point, we began what is a pretty normal appropriations process at the committee level. That is the so called fourcorner prospect, when the ranking member of each subcommittee and the chairman of that committee sit down with their Senate counterparts and negotiate the differences between what were effectively Senate committee bills, but bills that the House had moved fully across the floor. There is a great deal of giveandtake in that. When you go as far as you can to the subcommittee level, you kick them upstairs to the chairman at the next level. They negotiate, and they solve those. I can give you an example. In Labor HHS, we had 12 issues unresolved in a $170 billion bill. That is actually awfully good. They were moved up to full committee. Nine of those issues were resolved there. Eventually, three more were kicked up to the leadership level, and they were all resolved there. That happens for each and every subcommittee. So there is a great deal of giveandtake. Frankly, we begin this process knowing it needs to be a bipartisan product in the end. You have to have 60 votes in the United States Senate. There are 51 Republicans. Frankly, over here, obviously, they will take both Republican and Democratic votes. So there is a good deal of giveandtake in this particular process. At the end of the day, we have got a bipartisan bill that both the chairman and the ranking member brought before us last night. Again, as I mentioned earlier, from a Republican standpoint, you are probably most pleased with the defense number. That is something we have wanted and the administration wanted. But in the nondefense area, there are many, many things that both sides agree on are very important for the national wellbeing: a $3 billion increase at the National Institutes of Health, the largest increase in a generation; substantially more money on opioids, a crisis we know affects all of our districts, $3 billion this year and $3 billion next year spread over a number of subcommittee jurisdictions. There is a substantial increase in early childhood education and childcare, something, again, that people on both sides of the aisle feel strongly about. There is lots of money for mental health to follow up on some of the initiatives that were laid out in the 21st Century Cures Act, again, a bipartisan product. Now you are seeing bipartisan appropriations to try and match the money with the legislation that was created by the Committee on Energy and Commerce. There is money for school safety. This is probably the largest single increase we have had. I think last year under, title 4, we did about $400 million. This bill has $1.1 billion, a pretty substantial increase in something I think we all care about. So, again, it has been pretty extraordinary. Also, I want to point out—we are all proud of our respective committees— that Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member LOWEY produced an omnibus last year in April or May. They have done three supplementals for the disaster relief. They now have produced this omnibus which will fund the government for fiscal year 2018, and they are hard at work on the next one. So they have been extraordinarily productive. My friend is right. I wish more of this work got piecemeal to the floor so we could look at each bill. Hopefully, we can do that going forward since we now have a topline agreement between the two sides for fiscal year 2019 as to what the bill will be. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Oklahoma an additional 2 minutes. b1000 Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, we have the possibility of having a more regular measure. But whether that can be achieved or not, I don’t know. In passing this bill, we have at least laid the groundwork for it. I particularly want to single out Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member LOWEY because they have shown how Congress can work together. They have managed all 12 of these bills—multiple bills in multiple areas—and gotten them to the floor and across the floor in a bipartisan manner. So, if we can do the same thing in the body as a whole, I think there would be much more appreciation and understanding and, frankly, much more input. That would be a good thing. My friend is right about that. But if we are going to do that, I would also add we have to think through how many amendments there will be. How much floor time do you want to give us? If you are going to come down here with 200 or 300 amendments on each side of the aisle, I guarantee you that all you will be doing is appropriations for the whole year. As appropriators, we might like that. As legislators in other areas, you might not. I think there has got to be some leadership giveandtake on what the appropriate structure is going forward. But none of that should take away, number one, that the rule itself is 
bringing to the floor an extraordinarily important product. If we don’t get that product passed here on a bipartisan basis and in the Senate by midnight tomorrow night, both parties will have participated in shutting down the government of the United States. I don’t think that is something either of us want to do. As a matter of fact, each of us have tried this once or twice, and we now know it is not a very productive way to proceed. I think we have got an opportunity, by passing of the rule—and I urge passage of the rule—and then the underlying legislation, to do some really good things for the American people to fulfill our obligations. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I guess I would just say to my colleague from Oklahoma that I have no problem with the appropriators. I think that is what Ranking Member LOWEY was talking about yesterday when she talked about the process. The appropriators have done their work. They work in a bipartisan way and it is not their fault that we are at this moment. As I said, it is not even the fault of the Rules Committee. It is the fault of the Republican leadership. This bill that we are doing now could have been done last December, but the Republican leadership couldn’t figure out a budget agreement until last month. Without top numbers, no one could move forward in the House or in the Senate. It turned out that what was more important was a tax cut for billionaires. That was the priority. So they passed the tax cut for billionaires and we get five CRs and two government shutdowns as a result. This process cannot be explained away, cannot be justified, and cannot continue. I probably should have had the bill in front of me here for dramatic effect, but it is 2,200 pages long. Again, it is not what I know is in the bill that I have a problem with. It is what I don’t know is in the bill that concerns me. I know it concerns Democrats and Republicans alike. I just want to go back to something the chairman of the Rules Committee referenced with regard to DACA and President Trump’s, somehow, support for these incredible people. Let’s not forget there was no reason at all—none—for this President to end DACA. There was no deadline, there was no court case, there was no law that required that the program come to an end. It was just plain, oldfashioned cruelty and stupidity. That is what was at play here: red meat for the extreme rightwing base that can never get to ‘‘yes’’ on anything regarding immigration. The way we are treating these young people is unbelievably cruel. The frustration level throughout the country is at an alltime high. Every poll I have seen, Democrats, Republicans, and Independents all overwhelmingly support us helping the DACA recipients. There are unbelievably high approval ratings for moving forward and passing a bill like the Dream Act, yet we can’t even get it to the House floor for a vote. We talk about a lousy process. That is what we are also talking about. We talked earlier about guns. We have recordhigh levels of gun violence in this country and we have massacres that occur on a regular basis. I am so grateful that millions of young people are going to be out on the streets protesting on Saturday, demanding that their government do something. They are frustrated that this Chamber, supposedly the greatest deliberative body in the world, can’t even find the time to bring something to the floor for a debate. All we do is have moments of silence in the aftermath of massacres. It would give me hope for the future of these young people, because they are not going to take it anymore. They are sick of the indifference. They are sick of the lack of action. They are sick of Members in this Chamber not listening to their voices. I feel hopeful that, ultimately, we will take action and do the right thing. I will tell you right now, for those who continue to turn their backs on the demands of these young people, I don’t think they are coming back here after November. But, again, the frustration that you are hearing on our side here today— and I know that a lot of my Republican friends feel the same way—is that this place is broken. This process stinks. There has to be a better way to do this. None of us want to shut the government down. People are going to vote how they want to on the omnibus, but I would say: Don’t endorse this lousy, broken process by voting for the rule. People should vote against this rule. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to inquire of the time remaining on both sides. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 3
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 7 minutes remaining. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I would inquire if the gentleman has any other speakers. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I have one additional speaker. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ), the Rules Committee designee to the Budget Committee, a gentleman who has served this Nation well and will continue to serve the Budget Committee well. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership on the committee. It seems like I just saw him a couple of hours ago, but only because I just saw him a couple of hours ago. Mr. Speaker, you know as well as anyone that it is hard to get things done around here. It is never made any easier by the recriminations that circulate so widely. I appreciate the Speaker’s admonition about engaging in conflicts of personality. This is hard. This isn’t the bill I would have voted for. In fact, it is not the bill I voted for the first time around. When this House did its job 9 months ago, when it was supposed to do its job, we voted on a completely different bill. But as my friend from Massachusetts knows full well, Mr. Speaker, if Republicans had 60 votes in the Senate, we wouldn’t be going through these machinations. We go through these machinations for one reason and one reason only, and that is, after a Republicanled House gets its work done, the Senate can’t. The Senate can’t because they work in a much more bipartisan way. As bipartisan as this institution is, that institution is even more so by the Senate rules. We talk about this as if it is a spending bill, Mr. Speaker. I just want to be clear: this includes brownfields act reauthorization. That is the bill that lets us go into environmentally damaged areas and restore them. We haven’t been able to get that done just in the normal course of doing business. So to get it across the Senate floor, it is now added into this bill. The Child Protection Improvement Act, Mr. Speaker, is the bill that provides the database so that caregivers and parents can go and see who it is that is taking care of their children and make sure folks are properly vetted. We couldn’t get that through in the normal process, so we had to add it into this bill. Mr. Speaker, the CLOUD Act is the bill that allows law enforcement to go and access information stored on clouds in other countries so that you don’t have to wait 9 months through bureaucracies so that you can identify those terrorists, those criminals, earlier and more often. We couldn’t get that through the regular process, so we have got that in the bill. EVerify, Mr. Speaker, is the provision that allows any employer to dial in online to make sure that they are hiring American citizens. It is buried in this bill, Mr. Speaker. Together, we are getting things done. This bill is an example of that. It is a source of progress, not an impediment. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the great State of Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), the distinguished minority whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for yielding. I have been here long enough to see my Republican colleagues bring to the floor these bills and plop them down heavily on the table. I have been here long enough to have citizens assault me in a town meeting and ask: ‘‘Have you read the bill?’’ 
I have been here long enough to hear the demagoguery about: ‘‘What’s in the bill? Do you know what’s in the bill? Have you read the bill? How can you do this?’’ I have heard demagoguery about the 3day rule. I call it the 24hourand2 second rule. That is the last second of the first day, 24 hours of the second day, and the first second of the third day. We are not even going to make that. This was filed at 8 o’clock last night. I ask any Member in this House to join me in the well if you have read this bill. Join me if you have read this bill. No one is joining me. These are earmarks. They call them authorizing legislation, but they are earmarks. They are pieces of legislation in this bill that are against the rules, of course, but we will waive those rules. They are things that were gone through in the dark of night, at 8 o’clock last night. These are the appropriations bills, the only piece of this legislation that were done properly. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. HOYER. When the Speaker became the Speaker, he said: ‘‘We will advance major legislation one issue at a time.’’ How can any selfrespecting Member of this House, how can any selfrespecting Republican who made that representation to my Tea Party friends, vote for this rule? I have no idea. This is an abomination of the legislative process. You have had 6 months to get it right. Six weeks ago, the Speaker promised that an issue of great importance to us, DACA, would be solved. It hasn’t been addressed, much less solved. But the real problem is that nobody knows what is in this legislation. With all due respect to the chairman of the Rules Committee, he hasn’t read this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has again expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. HOYER. Mr. MCGOVERN hasn’t read the bill. I have not read the bill. It was 8 o’clock last night. The only person that could read this bill is the supercomputers. None of us even claim to be supercomputers. This rule ought to go down. Very frankly, there are a lot of things in here I know that I like and I know that everybody else likes, but if we defeat the rule, we ought to go back to a process that we can respect, that you argued you were going to follow, that you pledged to the American people you were going to follow, and that Mr. Cantor and Mr. MCCARTHY and Mr. RYANwrote a book about and said they were going to change this institution and do it right. This is wrong. Vote ‘‘no.’’ b1015 Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 3 minutes remaining. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me close by echoing the words of our distinguished minority whip and by saying that we need a better process, and I hope my colleagues will vote against the rule. I just want to say to my friends on the other side of the aisle, one of the reasons why I think there is so much polarization in this Chamber, why it is hard to kind of get things done, is because of the process. I think process matters. When people don’t have the opportunity to read the bills, when people are routinely denied the opportunity to bring to the floor their ideas for debate and vote, it results in increased tensions and increased polarization; and, quite frankly, it undermines the integrity of this institution. This is supposed to be the people’s House. We all represent the same number of constituents, yet routinely the voices of the people are denied to be heard on this House floor. So I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule, vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so we can bring the Dream Act to the floor, we can help the Dreamers, we can help those DACA recipients who everybody says publicly that they want to help, yet, when it comes to actually helping them, all we get is obstruction from the Republican leadership here. Let’s bring that to the floor. This is our 26th time trying to do it. Let’s do something that will make a real difference, that will help these people. They deserve our help. They deserve our support. They are valued members of our community. They are American in every way except they weren’t born here. And Democrats, Republicans, and Independents overwhelmingly believe we ought to help them. We ought to stop playing politics with the Dreamers. I know the President is holding them hostage and wants a ransom that gets bigger and bigger, and bigger, and bigger. Enough. Let’s do what is right for these people. So vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. Make it clear that this process is something that we cannot endorse or embrace. We want a change in process. Vote against the previous question so we can bring up relief for the Dreamers. Finally, I just, again, plead with the Republican leadership of this House, we need to have a better process here. If you want to end the polarization, if you want to end the partisanship, you have to open this place up. I don’t think that is too much to ask. With that, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank not only the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) but also thanks to the minority whip for coming and engaging in this issue. Mr. Speaker, let us not forget that this last summer, last summer, we engaged in all 12 spending bills on the floor of the House of Representatives. The Appropriations Committee received over 700 thoughts, ideas, so to speak, amendments for them to consider. It was an open process. Mr. Speaker, on the floor, 232 amendments were a part of the process of the 12 bills. Last night, NITALOWEY , the ranking member, sat before the Rules Committee at about midnight and said: It is late, but the process worked. The process worked for Democrats. The process worked for appropriators to work on a bipartisan basis, and the process worked in the United States Senate. Mr. Speaker, two members of the Appropriations staff, Shannon O’Keefe and Nancy Fox, are sterling members of the professional staff of the House of Representatives who did one heck of a job to make sure our Rules Committee—staff and Members—got the information we needed. I agree the process should be better. I urge my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying bill. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, when the Committee on Rules filed its report (H. Rept. 115–614) to accompany House Resolution 796 the Committee was unaware that the waiver of all points of order against consideration of the motion to concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 1625 included: A waiver of section 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act, which prohibits consideration of legislation providing new budget authority in excess of a 302(a) allocation of such authority. A waiver of section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act, which prohibits consideration of legislation that would cause the level of total new budget authority for the first fiscal year to be exceeded, or would cause revenues to be less than the level of total revenues for the first fiscal year or for the total of that first fiscal year and the ensuing fiscal years for which allocations are provided. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 796 O FFERED BY  MR. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: SEC7. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3440) to authorize the cancellation of removal and adjustment of status of certain individuals who are long term United States residents and who entered the United States as children and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order 
against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 8. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 3440. 
ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and 9 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5minute votes on: Adopting the resolution, if ordered; Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 4227; and Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 5131. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 233, nays 186, not voting 10, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—186 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) 
SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Amodei Bridenstine Clarke (NY) Cramer Cummings Davis, Danny Jones Pingree Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1044 Messrs. MCCLINTOCK, GOSAR, and KELLY of Pennsylvania changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 211, noes 207, not voting 12, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mullin Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Ryan (WI) Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—207 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davidson Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harris Hastings Heck Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jordan Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Norman O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho 
Blumenauer Bridenstine Cramer Cummings Davis, Danny Gottheimer Johnson (GA) Jones Murphy (FL) Pingree Schrader Walz b1052 Mr. KING of Iowa changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VEHICULAR TERRORISM PREVENTION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4227) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to examine what actions the Department of Homeland Security is undertaking to combat the threat of vehicular terrorism, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 417, nays 2, not voting 10, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel 
Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Bridenstine Butterfield Cramer Cummings Davis, Danny Jones Lewis (GA) Pingree Walz Wilson (FL) b1100 Ms. JACKSON LEE changed her vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5131) to improve the effectiveness of Federal efforts to identify and address homeland security risks to surface transportation, secure against vehiclebased attacks, and conduct a feasibility assessment of introducing new security technologies and measures, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. BACON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 409, nays 5, not voting 15, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
DeSaulnier Deutch Issa Jayapal Jones Pingree Rush Scott, David Walz 
b1107 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SUBMISSION OF MATERIAL EXPLANATORY OF THE AMENDMENT OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES TO THE AMENDMENT OF THE SENATE TO H.R. 1625 Pursuant to section 6 of House Resolution 796, the chairman of the Committee on Appropriations submitted explanatory material relating to the amendment of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 1625. The contents of this submission will be published in Books II and III of this RECORD . 
TARGETED REWARDS FOR THE GLOBAL ERADICATION OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 796, I call up the bill (H.R. 1625) to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational organized crime for purposes of the rewards program of the Department of State, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the Senate amendment. Senate amendment: 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Targeted Rewards for the Global Eradication of Human Trafficking’’ or the ‘‘TARGET Act’’. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) Trafficking in persons is a major transnational crime, as recognized by the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.; division A of Public Law 106–386). (2) Trafficking in persons is increasingly perpetrated by organized, sophisticated criminal enterprises. (3) Combating trafficking in persons requires a global approach to identifying and apprehending the world’s worst human trafficking rings. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Department of State’s rewards program is a powerful tool in combating sophisticated international crime and that the Department of State and Federal law enforcement should work in concert to offer rewards that target human traffickers who prey on the most vulnerable people around the world. 
Section 36(k)(5) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2708(k)(5)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘means’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and moving such clauses, as redesignated, 2 ems to the right; (3) by inserting before clause (i), as redesignated, the following: ‘‘(A) means—’’; (4) in clause (ii), as redesignated, by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (5) by adding at the end following: ‘‘(B) includes severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)) involving at least 1 jurisdiction outside of the United States.’’. MOTION TO CONCUR  
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ). The Clerk will designate the motion. The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. Frelinghuysen moves that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 1625 with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–66. 
The text of the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the text is as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the Senate, insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018’’. 
Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. References. Sec. 4. Explanatory statement. Sec. 5. Statement of appropriations. Sec. 6. Availability of funds. Sec. 7. Adjustments to compensation. DIVISION A—AGRICULTURE, RURAL DEVELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Agricultural Programs Title II—Farm Production and Conservation Programs Title III—Rural Development Programs Title IV—Domestic Food Programs Title V—Foreign Assistance and Related Programs Title VI—Related Agencies and Food and Drug Administration Title VII—General Provisions DIVISION B—COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Department of Commerce Title II—Department of Justice Title III—Science Title IV—Related Agencies Title V—General Provisions DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Military Personnel Title II—Operation and Maintenance Title III—Procurement Title IV—Research, Development, Test and Evaluation Title V—Revolving and Management Funds Title VI—Other Department of Defense Programs Title VII—Related Agencies Title VIII—General Provisions Title IX—Overseas Contingency Operations DIVISION D—ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Corps of Engineers—Civil Title II—Department of the Interior Title III—Department of Energy Title IV—Independent Agencies Title V—General Provisions DIVISION E—FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Department of the Treasury Title II—Executive Office of the President and Funds Appropriated to the President Title III—The Judiciary Title IV—District of Columbia Title V—Independent Agencies Title VI—General Provisions—This Act Title VII—General Provisions—Government wide Title VIII—General Provisions—District of Columbia DIVISION F—DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Departmental Management, Operations, Intelligence, and Oversight Title II—Security, Enforcement, and Investigations Title III—Protection, Preparedness, Response, and Recovery Title IV—Research, Development, Training, and Services Title V—General Provisions DIVISION G—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Department of the Interior Title II—Environmental Protection Agency Title III—Related Agencies Title IV—General Provisions DIVISION H—DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Department of Labor Title II—Department of Health and Human Services Title III—Department of Education Title IV—Related Agencies Title V—General Provisions DIVISION I—LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Legislative Branch Title II—General Provisions DIVISION J—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Department of Defense Title II—Department of Veterans Affairs Title III—Related Agencies Title IV—Overseas Contingency Operations Title V—General Provisions DIVISION K—DEPARTMENT OF STATE, FOREIGN OPERATIONS, AND RELATED PROGRAMS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Department of State and Related Agency Title II—United States Agency for International Development Title III—Bilateral Economic Assistance Title IV—International Security Assistance Title V—Multilateral Assistance Title VI—Export and Investment Assistance Title VII—General Provisions Title VIII—Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism DIVISION L—TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Title I—Department of Transportation Title II—Department of Housing and Urban Development Title III—Related Agencies Title IV—General Provisions—This Act 
DIVISION M—EXTENSIONS Title I—Airport and Airway Extension Title II—Immigration Extensions Title III—National Flood Insurance Program Extension Title IV—Pesticide Registration Improvement Act Extension Title V—Generalized System of Preferences Title VI—Judicial Redaction Authority Extension Title VII—Budgetary Effects DIVISION N—BUILD ACT DIVISION O—WILDFIRE SUPPRESSION FUNDING AND FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES ACT DIVISION P—RAY BAUM’S ACT OF 2018 DIVISION Q—KEVIN AND AVONTE’S LAW DIVISION R—TARGET ACT DIVISION S—OTHER MATTER Title I—Child Protection Improvements Act Title II—Save America’s Pastime Act Title III—Keep Young Athletes Safe Act Title IV—Consent of Congress to Amendments to the Constitution of the State of Arizona Title V—Stop School Violence Act Title VI—Fix NICS Act Title VII—State Sexual Risk Avoidance Education Program Title VIII—Small Business Credit Availability Act Title IX—Small Business Access to Capital After a Natural Disaster Act Title X—Taylor Force Act Title XI—FARM Act Title XII—Tipped Employees Title XIII—Revisions to PassThrough Period and Payment Rules DIVISION T—REVENUE PROVISIONS DIVISION U—TAX TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS DIVISION V—CLOUD ACT 
Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in any division of this Act shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of that division. 
The explanatory statement regarding this Act, printed in the House section of the Congressional Record on or about March 22, 2018, and submitted by the Chairman of the Committee on Appropriations of the House, shall have the same effect with respect to the allocation of funds and implementation of divisions A through L of this Act as if it were a joint explanatory statement of a committee of conference. 
The following sums in this Act are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018. 
Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available (or rescinded, if applicable) only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. 
(a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no adjustment shall be made under section 601(a) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4501) (relating to cost of living adjustments for Members of Congress) during fiscal year 2018. (b) There is appropriated for payment to Emily Robin Minerva, heir of Louise McIntosh Slaughter, late a Representative from the State of New York, $174,000. DIVISION A—AGRICULTURE, RURAL DEVELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I AGRICULTURAL PROGRAMS PROCESSING , RESEARCH AND MARKETING  OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Secretary, $46,532,000, of which not to exceed $5,051,000 shall be available for the immediate Office of the Secretary; not to exceed $800,000 shall be available for the Office of the Assistant to the Secretary for Rural Development: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Rural Development mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office; not to exceed $1,496,000 shall be available for the Office of Homeland Security; not to exceed $4,711,000 shall be available for the Office of Partnerships and Public Engagement; not to exceed $23,105,000 shall be available for the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Administration, of which $22,301,000 shall be available for Departmental Administration to provide for necessary expenses for management support services to offices of the Department and for general administration, security, repairs and alterations, and other miscellaneous supplies and expenses not otherwise provided for and necessary for the practical and efficient work of the Department: Provided further, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Administration mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office; not to exceed $3,869,000 shall be available for the Office of Assistant Secretary for Congressional Relations to carry out the programs funded by this Act, including programs involving intergovernmental affairs and liaison within the executive branch; and not to exceed $7,500,000 shall be available for the Office of Communications: Provided further, That the Secretary of Agriculture is authorized to transfer funds appropriated for any office of the Office of the Secretary to any other office of the Office of the Secretary: Provided further, That no appropriation for any office shall be increased or decreased by more than 5 percent: Provided further, That not to exceed $11,000 of the amount made available under this paragraph for the immediate Office of the Secretary shall be available for official reception and representation expenses, not otherwise provided for, as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That the amount made available under this heading for Departmental Administration shall be reimbursed from applicable appropriations in this Act for travel expenses incident to the holding of hearings as required by 5 U.S.C. 551–558: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading for the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Congressional Relations may be transferred to agencies of the Department of Agriculture funded by this Act to maintain personnel at the agency level: Provided further, That no funds made available under this heading for the Office of Assistant Secretary for Congressional Relations may be obligated after 30 days from the date of enactment of this Act, unless the Secretary has notified the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress on the allocation of these funds by USDA agency. EXECUTIVE OPERATIONS  
OFFICE OF THE CHIEF ECONOMIST  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Chief Economist, $19,786,000, of which $4,000,000 shall be for grants or cooperative agreements for policy research under 7 U.S.C. 3155. OFFICE OF HEARINGS AND APPEALS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Hearings and Appeals, $15,222,000. 
OFFICE OF BUDGET AND PROGRAM ANALYSIS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Budget and Program Analysis, $9,525,000. OFFICE OF THE CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Chief Information Officer, $58,950,000, of which not less than $33,000,000 is for cybersecurity requirements of the department. OFFICE OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Chief Financial Officer, $6,028,000. OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR  CIVILRIGHTS  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, $901,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Civil Rights mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office. OFFICE OF CIVILRIGHTS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Civil Rights, $24,206,000. AGRICULTURE BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For payment of space rental and related costs pursuant to Public Law 92–313, including authorities pursuant to the 1984 delegation of authority from the Administrator of General Services to the Department of Agriculture under 40 U.S.C. 121, for programs and activities of the Department which are included in this Act, and for alterations and other actions needed for the Department and its agencies to consolidate unneeded space into configurations suitable for release to the Administrator of General Services, and for the operation, maintenance, improvement, and repair of Agriculture buildings and facilities, and for related costs, $64,414,000, to remain available until expended. HAZARDOUS MATERIALS MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Department of Agriculture, to comply with the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.) and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.), $3,503,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That appropriations and funds available herein to the Department for Hazardous Materials Management may be transferred to any agency of the Department for its use in meeting all requirements pursuant to the above Acts on Federal and non Federal lands. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General, including employment pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–452; 5 U.S.C. App.), $98,208,000, including such sums as may be necessary for contracting and other arrangements with public agencies and private persons pursuant to section 6(a)(9) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–452; 5 U.S.C. App.), and including not to exceed $125,000 for certain confidential operational expenses, including the payment of informants, to be expended under the direction of the Inspector General pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–452; 5 U.S.C. App.) and section 1337 of the Agriculture and Food Act of 1981 (Public Law 97–98). OFFICE OF THE GENERAL COUNSEL  For necessary expenses of the Office of the General Counsel, $44,546,000. 
OFFICE OF ETHICS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Ethics, $4,136,000. OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR  RESEARCH , EDUCATION , ANDECONOMICS  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Research, Education, and Economics, $800,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Research, Education, and Economics mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office. ECONOMIC RESEARCH SERVICE  For necessary expenses of the Economic Research Service, $86,757,000. NATIONAL AGRICULTURAL STATISTICS SERVICE  For necessary expenses of the National Agricultural Statistics Service, $191,717,000, of which up to $63,350,000 shall be available until expended for the Census of Agriculture: Provided, That amounts made available for the Census of Agriculture may be used to conduct Current Industrial Report surveys subject to 7 U.S.C. 2204g(d) and (f). AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Agricultural Research Service and for acquisition of lands by donation, exchange, or purchase at a nominal cost not to exceed $100, and for land exchanges where the lands exchanged shall be of equal value or shall be equalized by a payment of money to the grantor which shall not exceed 25 percent of the total value of the land or interests transferred out of Federal ownership, $1,202,766,000: Provided, That appropriations hereunder shall be available for the operation and maintenance of aircraft and the purchase of not to exceed one for replacement only: Provided further, That appropriations hereunder shall be available pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2250 for the construction, alteration, and repair of buildings and improvements, but unless otherwise provided, the cost of constructing any one building shall not exceed $500,000, except for headhouses or greenhouses which shall each be limited to $1,800,000, except for 10 buildings to be constructed or improved at a cost not to exceed $1,100,000 each, and except for two buildings to be constructed at a cost not to exceed $3,000,000 each, and the cost of altering any one building during the fiscal year shall not exceed 10 percent of the current replacement value of the building or $500,000, whichever is greater: Provided further, That appropriations hereunder shall be available for entering into lease agreements at any Agricultural Research Service location for the construction of a research facility by a nonFederal entity for use by the Agricultural Research Service and a condition of the lease shall be that any facility shall be owned, operated, and maintained by the nonFederal entity and shall be removed upon the expiration or termination of the lease agreement: Provided further, That the limitations on alterations contained in this Act shall not apply to modernization or replacement of existing facilities at Beltsville, Maryland: Provided further, That appropriations hereunder shall be available for granting easements at the Beltsville Agricultural Research Center: Provided further, That the foregoing limitations shall not apply to replacement of buildings needed to carry out the Act of April 24, 1948 (21 U.S.C. 113a): Pro vided further, That appropriations hereunder shall be available for granting easements at any Agricultural Research Service location for the construction of a research facility by a nonFederal entity for use by, and acceptable to, the Agricultural Research Service and a condition of the easements shall be that upon completion the facility shall be accepted by the Secretary, subject to the availability of funds herein, if the Secretary finds that acceptance of the facility is in the interest of the United States: Provided further, That funds may be received from any State, other political subdivision, organization, or individual for the purpose of establishing or operating any research facility or research project of the Agricultural Research Service, as authorized by law. BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For the acquisition of land, construction, repair, improvement, extension, alteration, and purchase of fixed equipment or facilities as necessary to carry out the agricultural research programs of the Department of Agriculture, where not otherwise provided, $140,600,000 to remain available until expended. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF FOOD AND  AGRICULTURE  
RESEARCH AND EDUCATION ACTIVITIES  For payments to agricultural experiment stations, for cooperative forestry and other research, for facilities, and for other expenses, $887,171,000, which shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified in the table titled ‘‘National Institute of Food and Agriculture, Research and Education Activities’’ in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Pro vided, That funds for research grants for 1994 institutions, education grants for 1890 institutions, capacity building for nonlandgrant colleges of agriculture, the agriculture and food research initiative, veterinary medicine loan repayment, multicultural scholars, graduate fellowship and institution challenge grants, and grants management systems shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That each institution eligible to receive funds under the EvansAllen program receives no less than $1,000,000: Pro vided further, That funds for education grants for Alaska Native and Native Hawaiianserving institutions be made available to individual eligible institutions or consortia of eligible institutions with funds awarded equally to each of the States of Alaska and Hawaii: Provided further, That funds for education grants for 1890 institutions shall be made available to institutions eligible to receive funds under 7 U.S.C. 3221 and 3222: Pro vided further, That not more than 5 percent of the amounts made available by this or any other Act to carry out the Agriculture and Food Research Initiative under 7 U.S.C. 450i(b) may be retained by the Secretary of Agriculture to pay administrative costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out that authority. 
FUND  For the Native American Institutions Endowment Fund authorized by Public Law 103–382 (7 U.S.C. 301 note), $11,880,000, to remain available until expended. 
EXTENSION ACTIVITIES  For payments to States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the Virgin Islands, Micronesia, the Northern Marianas, and American Samoa, $483,626,000, which shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified in the table titled ‘‘National Institute of Food and Agriculture, Extension Activities’’ in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided, That funds for facility improvements at 1890 institutions shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That institutions eligible to receive funds under 7 U.S.C. 3221 for cooperative extension receive no less than $1,000,000: Provided further, That funds for cooperative extension under sections 3(b) and (c) of the Smith Lever Act (7 U.S.C. 343(b) and (c)) and section 208(c) of Public Law 93–471 shall be available for retirement and employees’ compensation costs for extension agents. INTEGRATED ACTIVITIES  For the integrated research, education, and extension grants programs, including necessary administrative expenses, $37,000,000, which shall be for the purposes, and in the amounts, specified in the table titled ‘‘National Institute of Food and Agriculture, Integrated Activities’’ in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided, That funds for the Food and Agriculture Defense Initiative shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, indirect costs shall not be charged against any Extension Implementation Program Area grant awarded under the Crop Protection/Pest Management Program (7 U.S.C. 7626). OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR  MARKETING AND REGULATORY PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Marketing and Regulatory Programs, $901,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Marketing and Regulatory Programs mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office. ANIMAL AND PLANT HEALTH INSPECTION  SERVICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, including up to $30,000 for representation allowances and for expenses pursuant to the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4085), $981,893,000, of which $470,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available for the control of outbreaks of insects, plant diseases, animal diseases and for control of pest animals and birds (‘‘contingency fund’’) to the extent necessary to meet emergency conditions; of which $11,520,000, to remain available until expended, shall be used for the cotton pests program for cost share purposes or for debt retirement for active eradication zones; of which $37,857,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for Animal Health Technical Services; of which $705,000 shall be for activities under the authority of the Horse Protection Act of 1970, as amended (15 U.S.C. 1831); of which $62,840,000, to remain available until expended, shall be used to support avian health; of which $4,251,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for information technology infrastructure; of which $178,170,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for specialty crop pests; of which, $9,326,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for field crop and rangeland ecosystem pests; of which $16,523,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for zoonotic disease management; of which $40,966,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for emergency preparedness and response; of which $56,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for tree and wood pests; of which $5,725,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the National Veterinary Stockpile; of which up to $1,500,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the scrapie program for indemnities; of which $2,500,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the wildlife damage management program for aviation safety: Provided, That of amounts available under this heading for wildlife 
services methods development, $1,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Pro vided further, That of amounts available under this heading for the screwworm program, $4,990,000 shall remain available until expended; of which $3,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for National Bio and AgroDefense human capital development: Provided further, That no funds shall be used to formulate or administer a brucellosis eradication program for the current fiscal year that does not require minimum matching by the States of at least 40 percent: Provided further, That this appropriation shall be available for the operation and maintenance of aircraft and the purchase of not to exceed five, of which two shall be for replacement only: Provided further, That in addition, in emergencies which threaten any segment of the agricultural production industry of the United States, the Secretary may transfer from other appropriations or funds available to the agencies or corporations of the Department such sums as may be deemed necessary, to be available only in such emergencies for the arrest and eradication of contagious or infectious disease or pests of animals, poultry, or plants, and for expenses in accordance with sections 10411 and 10417 of the Animal Health Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 8310 and 8316) and sections 431 and 442 of the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7751 and 7772), and any unexpended balances of funds transferred for such emergency purposes in the preceding fiscal year shall be merged with such transferred amounts: Provided further, That appropriations hereunder shall be available pursuant to law (7 U.S.C. 2250) for the repair and alteration of leased buildings and improvements, but unless otherwise provided the cost of altering any one building during the fiscal year shall not exceed 10 percent of the current replacement value of the building. In fiscal year 2018, the agency is authorized to collect fees to cover the total costs of providing technical assistance, goods, or services requested by States, other political subdivisions, domestic and international organizations, foreign governments, or individuals, provided that such fees are structured such that any entity’s liability for such fees is reasonably based on the technical assistance, goods, or services provided to the entity by the agency, and such fees shall be reimbursed to this account, to remain available until expended, without further appropriation, for providing such assistance, goods, or services. 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For plans, construction, repair, preventive maintenance, environmental support, improvement, extension, alteration, and purchase of fixed equipment or facilities, as authorized by 7 U.S.C. 2250, and acquisition of land as authorized by 7 U.S.C. 428a, $3,175,000, to remain available until expended. AGRICULTURAL MARKETING SERVICE  
MARKETING SERVICES  For necessary expenses of the Agricultural Marketing Service, $151,595,000, of which $3,000,000 shall be available for the purposes of section 12306 of Public Law 113–79: Pro vided, That this appropriation shall be available pursuant to law (7 U.S.C. 2250) for the alteration and repair of buildings and improvements, but the cost of altering any one building during the fiscal year shall not exceed 10 percent of the current replacement value of the building. Fees may be collected for the cost of standardization activities, as established by regulation pursuant to law (31 U.S.C. 9701). 
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  Not to exceed $61,227,000 (from fees collected) shall be obligated during the current fiscal year for administrative expenses: Pro vided, That if crop size is understated and/or other uncontrollable events occur, the agency may exceed this limitation by up to 10 percent with notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. FUNDS FOR STRENGTHENING MARKETS , INCOME , 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  Funds available under section 32 of the Act of August 24, 1935 (7 U.S.C. 612c), shall be used only for commodity program expenses as authorized therein, and other related operating expenses, except for: (1) transfers to the Department of Commerce as authorized by the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 (16 U.S.C. 742a et seq.); (2) transfers otherwise provided in this Act; and (3) not more than $20,705,000 for formulation and administration of marketing agreements and orders pursuant to the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937 and the Agricultural Act of 1961 (Public Law 87–128). 
PAYMENTS TO STATES AND POSSESSIONS  For payments to departments of agriculture, bureaus and departments of markets, and similar agencies for marketing activities under section 204(b) of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1623(b)), $1,235,000. 
SERVICES EXPENSES  Not to exceed $55,000,000 (from fees collected) shall be obligated during the current fiscal year for inspection and weighing services: Provided, That if grain export activities require additional supervision and oversight, or other uncontrollable factors occur, this limitation may be exceeded by up to 10 percent with notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR FOOD SAFETY  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Food Safety, $800,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Food Safety mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office. FOODSAFETY AND INSPECTION SERVICE  For necessary expenses to carry out services authorized by the Federal Meat Inspection Act, the Poultry Products Inspection Act, and the Egg Products Inspection Act, including not to exceed $50,000 for representation allowances and for expenses pursuant to section 8 of the Act approved August 3, 1956 (7 U.S.C. 1766), $1,056,844,000; and in addition, $1,000,000 may be credited to this account from fees collected for the cost of laboratory accreditation as authorized by section 1327 of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 138f): Pro vided, That funds provided for the Public Health Data Communication Infrastructure system shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That no fewer than 148 fulltime equivalent positions shall be employed during fiscal year 2018 for purposes dedicated solely to inspections and enforcement related to the Humane Methods of Slaughter Act (7 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.): Provided further, That not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Food Safety and Inspection Service shall issue equivalence determinations for all countries wishing to continue exporting Siluriformes to the United States: Provided further, That unless the requirements pursuant to the previous proviso have been met, thereafter, none of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to inspect, at point of entry, Siluriformes from countries exporting to the United States until all requirements under section 557.2 of title 9, Code of Federal Regulations have been met and a final determination of equivalence final rule has been published in the Federal Register adding such countries to the list under section 327.2 of title 9, Code of Federal Regulations: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $7,500,000 shall remain available until expended for public health veterinarian recruitment and retention incentives: Provided further, That this appropriation shall be available pursuant to law (7 U.S.C. 2250) for the alteration and repair of buildings and improvements, but the cost of altering any one building during the fiscal year shall not exceed 10 percent of the current replacement value of the building. TITLE II FARM PRODUCTION AND CONSERVATION PROGRAMS OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR FARM PRODUCTION AND CONSERVATION  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Farm Production and Conservation, $901,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Farm Production and Conservation mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office. FARMPRODUCTION AND CONSERVATION  BUSINESS CENTER  For necessary expenses of the Farm Production and Conservation Business Center, $1,028,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That $145,000 of amounts appropriated for the current fiscal year pursuant to section 1241(a) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3841(a)) shall be transferred to and merged with this account. FARMSERVICE AGENCY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Farm Service Agency, $1,202,146,000: Provided, That not more than 50 percent of the $78,013,000 made available under this heading for information technology related to farm program delivery, including the Modernize and Innovate the Delivery of Agricultural Systems and other farm program delivery systems, may be obligated until the Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, and receives written or electronic notification of receipt from such Committees of, a plan for expenditure that (1) identifies for each project/investment over $25,000 (a) the functional and performance capabilities to be delivered and the mission benefits to be realized, (b) the estimated lifecycle cost, including estimates for development as well as maintenance and operations, and (c) key milestones to be met; (2) demonstrates that each project/investment is, (a) consistent with the Farm Service Agency Information Technology Roadmap, (b) being managed in accordance with applicable lifecycle management policies and guidance, and (c) subject to the applicable Department’s capital planning and investment control requirements; and (3) has been reviewed by the Government Accountability Office and approved by the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That the agency shall submit a report by the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018 to the Committees on Appropriations and the Government Accountability Office, that identifies for each project/investment that is operational (a) current performance against key indicators of customer satisfaction, (b) current performance of service level agreements or 
other technical metrics, (c) current performance against a preestablished cost baseline, (d) a detailed breakdown of current and planned spending on operational enhancements or upgrades, and (e) an assessment of whether the investment continues to meet business needs as intended as well as alternatives to the investment: Provided further, That the Secretary is authorized to use the services, facilities, and authorities (but not the funds) of the Commodity Credit Corporation to make program payments for all programs administered by the Agency: Provided further, That other funds made available to the Agency for authorized activities may be advanced to and merged with this account: Provided further, That funds made available to county committees shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That none of the funds available to the Farm Service Agency shall be used to close Farm Service Agency county offices: Provided further, That none of the funds available to the Farm Service Agency shall be used to permanently relocate county based employees that would result in an office with two or fewer employees without prior notification and approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
STATE MEDIATION GRANTS  For grants pursuant to section 502(b) of the Agricultural Credit Act of 1987, as amended (7 U.S.C. 5101–5106), $3,904,000. 
PROGRAM  For necessary expenses to carry out wellhead or groundwater protection activities under section 1240O of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839bb–2), $6,500,000, to remain available until expended. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses involved in making indemnity payments to dairy farmers and manufacturers of dairy products under a dairy indemnity program, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such program is carried out by the Secretary in the same manner as the dairy indemnity program described in the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2001 (Public Law 106–387, 114 Stat. 1549A–12). 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For gross obligations for the principal amount of direct and guaranteed farm ownership (7 U.S.C. 1922 et seq.) and operating (7 U.S.C. 1941 et seq.) loans, emergency loans (7 U.S.C. 1961 et seq.), Indian tribe land acquisition loans (25 U.S.C. 488), boll weevil loans (7 U.S.C. 1989), guaranteed conservation loans (7 U.S.C. 1924 et seq.), and Indian highly fractionated land loans (25 U.S.C. 488) to be available from funds in the Agricultural Credit Insurance Fund, as follows: $2,750,000,000 for guaranteed farm ownership loans and $1,500,000,000 for farm ownership direct loans; $1,960,000,000 for unsubsidized guaranteed operating loans and $1,530,000,000 for direct operating loans; emergency loans, $25,610,000; Indian tribe land acquisition loans, $20,000,000; guaranteed conservation loans, $150,000,000; Indian highly fractionated land loans, $10,000,000; and for boll weevil eradication program loans, $60,000,000: Pro vided, That the Secretary shall deem the pink bollworm to be a boll weevil for the purpose of boll weevil eradication program loans. For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans and grants, including the cost of modifying loans as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, as follows: farm operating loans, $61,812,000 for direct operating loans, $21,756,000 for unsubsidized guaranteed operating loans, emergency loans, $1,260,000 and $2,272,000 for Indian highly fractionated land loans to remain available until expended. In addition, for administrative expenses necessary to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $325,068,000: Provided, That of this amount, $314,998,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Farm Service Agency, Salaries and Expenses’’, of which $8,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019. Funds appropriated by this Act to the Agricultural Credit Insurance Program Account for farm ownership, operating and conservation direct loans and guaranteed loans may be transferred among these programs: Provided, That the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. RISKMANAGEMENT AGENCY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Risk Management Agency, $74,829,000: Provided, That not to exceed $1,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses, as authorized by 7 U.S.C. 1506(i). NATURAL RESOURCES CONSERVATION SERVICE  
CONSERVATION OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses for carrying out the provisions of the Act of April 27, 1935 (16 U.S.C. 590a–f), including preparation of conservation plans and establishment of measures to conserve soil and water (including farm irrigation and land drainage and such special measures for soil and water management as may be necessary to prevent floods and the siltation of reservoirs and to control agricultural related pollutants); operation of conservation plant materials centers; classification and mapping of soil; dissemination of information; acquisition of lands, water, and interests therein for use in the plant materials program by donation, exchange, or purchase at a nominal cost not to exceed $100 pursuant to the Act of August 3, 1956 (7 U.S.C. 428a); purchase and erection or alteration or improvement of permanent and temporary buildings; and operation and maintenance of aircraft, $874,107,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That appropriations hereunder shall be available pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2250 for construction and improvement of buildings and public improvements at plant materials centers, except that the cost of alterations and improvements to other buildings and other public improvements shall not exceed $250,000: Provided further, That when buildings or other structures are erected on non Federal land, that the right to use such land is obtained as provided in 7 U.S.C. 2250a: Pro vided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $5,600,000, shall remain available until expended for the authorities under 16 U.S.C. 1001–1005 and 1007– 1009 for authorized ongoing watershed projects with a primary purpose of providing water to rural communities. 
OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses to carry out preventive measures, including but not limited to surveys and investigations, engineering operations, works of improvement, and changes in use of land, in accordance with the Watershed Protection and Flood Prevention Act (16 U.S.C. 1001–1005 and 1007–1009) and in accordance with the provisions of laws relating to the activities of the Department, $150,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That for funds provided by this Act or any other prior Act, the limitation regarding the size of the watershed or subwatershed exceeding two hundred and fifty thousand acres in which such activities can be undertaken shall only apply for activities undertaken for the primary purpose of flood prevention (including structural and land treatment measures): Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $50,000,000 shall be allocated to projects and activities that can commence promptly following enactment; that address regional priorities for flood prevention, agricultural water management, inefficient irrigation systems, fish and wildlife habitat, or watershed protection; or that address authorized ongoing projects under the authorities of section 13 of the Flood Control Act of December 22, 1944 (Public Law 78–534) with a primary purpose of watershed protection by preventing floodwater damage and stabilizing stream channels, tributaries, and banks to reduce erosion and sediment transport. WATERSHED REHABILITATION PROGRAM  Under the authorities of section 14 of the Watershed Protection and Flood Prevention Act, $10,000,000 is provided: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $5,000,000 shall remain available until expended for watershed rehabilitation projects in states with highhazard dams and other watershed structures and that have recently incurred flooding events which caused fatalities. CORPORATIONS The following corporations and agencies are hereby authorized to make expenditures, within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available to each such corporation or agency and in accord with law, and to make contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 104 of the Government Corporation Control Act as may be necessary in carrying out the programs set forth in the budget for the current fiscal year for such corporation or agency, except as hereinafter provided. FEDERAL CROPINSURANCE CORPORATION FUND For payments as authorized by section 516 of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1516), such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until expended. COMMODITY CREDIT CORPORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary to reimburse the Commodity Credit Corporation for net realized losses sustained, but not previously reimbursed, pursuant to section 2 of the Act of August 17, 1961 (15 U.S.C. 713a–11): Provided, That of the funds available to the Commodity Credit Corporation under section 11 of the Commodity Credit Corporation Charter Act (15 U.S.C. 714i) for the conduct of its business with the Foreign Agricultural Service, up to $5,000,000 may be transferred to and used by the Foreign Agricultural Service for information resource management activities of the Foreign Agricultural Service that are not related to Commodity Credit Corporation business. 
(LIMITATION ON EXPENSES)  For the current fiscal year, the Commodity Credit Corporation shall not expend more than $5,000,000 for site investigation and cleanup expenses, and operations and maintenance expenses to comply with the requirement of section 107(g) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9607(g)), and section 6001 of the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 6961). 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for carrying out the administration and implementation of Rural Development programs, including activities with institutions concerning the development and operation of agricultural cooperatives; and for cooperative agreements; $230,835,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated under this heading may be used for advertising and promotional activities that support Rural Development programs: Pro vided further, That in addition to any other funds appropriated for purposes authorized by section 502(i) of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1472(i)), any amounts collected under such section, as amended by this Act, will immediately be credited to this account and will remain available until expended for such purposes. RURAL HOUSING SERVICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For gross obligations for the principal amount of direct and guaranteed loans as authorized by title V of the Housing Act of 1949, to be available from funds in the rural housing insurance fund, as follows: $1,100,000,000 shall be for direct loans and $24,000,000,000 shall be for unsubsidized guaranteed loans; $28,000,000 for section 504 housing repair loans; $40,000,000 for section 515 rental housing; $230,000,000 for section 538 guaranteed multifamily housing loans; $10,000,000 for credit sales of single family housing acquired property; $5,000,000 for section 523 selfhelp housing land development loans; and $5,000,000 for section 524 site development loans: Provided, That section 514(f)(3)(A) of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1484(f)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘United States’’ and inserting ‘‘United States,’’ and by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, or a person legally admitted to the United States and authorized to work in agriculture’’. For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, including the cost of modifying loans, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, as follows: section 502 loans, $42,350,000 shall be for direct loans; section 504 housing repair loans, $3,452,000; section 523 selfhelp housing land development loans, $368,000; section 524 site development loans, $58,000; and repair, rehabilitation, and new construction of section 515 rental housing, $10,524,000: Provided, That to support the loan program level for section 538 guaranteed loans made available under this heading the Secretary may charge or adjust any fees to cover the projected cost of such loan guarantees pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661 et seq.), and the interest on such loans may not be subsidized: Provided further, That applicants in communities that have a current rural area waiver under section 541 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1490q) shall be treated as living in a rural area for purposes of section 502 guaranteed loans provided under this heading: Provided further, That of the amounts available under this paragraph for section 502 direct loans, no less than $5,000,000 shall be available for direct loans for individuals whose homes will be built pursuant to a program funded with a mutual and selfhelp housing grant authorized by section 523 of the Housing Act of 1949 until June 1, 2018: Provided further, That the Secretary shall implement provisions to provide incentives to nonprofit organizations and public housing authorities to facilitate the acquisition of Rural Housing Service (RHS) multifamily housing properties by such nonprofit organizations and public housing authorities that commit to keep such properties in the RHS multifamily housing program for a period of time as determined by the Secretary, with such incentives to include, but not be limited to, the following: allow such nonprofit entities and public housing authorities to earn a Return on Investment on their own resources to include proceeds from low income housing tax credit syndication, own contributions, grants, and developer loans at favorable rates and terms, invested in a deal; and allow reimbursement of organizational costs associated with owner’s oversight of asset referred to as ‘‘Asset Management Fee’’ of up to $7,500 per property. In addition, for the cost of direct loans, grants, and contracts, as authorized by sections 514 and 516 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1484, 1486), $14,710,000, to remain available until expended, for direct farm labor housing loans and domestic farm labor housing grants and contracts: Provided, That any balances available for the Farm Labor Program Account shall be transferred to and merged with this account. In addition, for administrative expenses necessary to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $412,254,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Rural Development, Salaries and Expenses’’. 
RENTAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM  For rental assistance agreements entered into or renewed pursuant to the authority under section 521(a)(2) of the Housing Act of 1949 or agreements entered into in lieu of debt forgiveness or payments for eligible households as authorized by section 502(c)(5)(D) of the Housing Act of 1949, $1,345,293,000, of which $40,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019; and in addition such sums as may be necessary, as authorized by section 521(c) of the Act, to liquidate debt incurred prior to fiscal year 1992 to carry out the rental assistance program under section 521(a)(2) of the Act: Provided, That rental assistance agreements entered into or renewed during the current fiscal year shall be funded for a oneyear period: Provided further, That any unexpended balances remaining at the end of such oneyear agreements may be transferred and used for purposes of any debt reduction; maintenance, repair, or rehabilitation of any existing projects; preservation; and rental assistance activities authorized under title V of the Act: Provided further, That rental assistance provided under agreements entered into prior to fiscal year 2018 for a farm labor multifamily housing project financed under section 514 or 516 of the Act may not be recaptured for use in another project until such assistance has remained unused for a period of 12 consecutive months, if such project has a waiting list of tenants seeking such assistance or the project has rental assistance eligible tenants who are not receiving such assistance: Provided further, That such recaptured rental assistance shall, to the extent practicable, be applied to another farm labor multifamily housing project financed under section 514 or 516 of the Act: Provided further, That except as provided in the third proviso under this heading and notwithstanding any other provision of the Act, the Secretary may recapture rental assistance provided under agreements entered into prior to fiscal year 2018 for a project that the Secretary determines no longer needs rental assistance and use such recaptured funds for current needs. MULTI FAMILY HOUSING REVITALIZATION  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the rural housing voucher program as authorized under section 542 of the Housing Act of 1949, but notwithstanding subsection (b) of such section, and for additional costs to conduct a demonstration program for the preservation and revitalization of multifamily rental housing properties described in this paragraph, $47,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the funds made available under this heading, $25,000,000, shall be available for rural housing vouchers to any lowincome household (including those not receiving rental assistance) residing in a property financed with a section 515 loan which has been prepaid after September 30, 2005: Provided further, That the amount of such voucher shall be the difference between comparable market rent for the section 515 unit and the tenant paid rent for such unit: Provided further, That funds made available for such vouchers shall be subject to the availability of annual appropriations: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, administer such vouchers with current regulations and administrative guidance applicable to section 8 housing vouchers administered by the Secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development: Provided further, That if the Secretary determines that the amount made available for vouchers in this or any other Act is not needed for vouchers, the Secretary may use such funds for the demonstration program for the preservation and revitalization of multifamily rental housing properties described in this paragraph: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $22,000,000 shall be available for a demonstration program for the preservation and revitalization of the sections 514, 515, and 516 multifamily rental housing properties to restructure existing USDA multi family housing loans, as the Secretary deems appropriate, expressly for the purposes of ensuring the project has sufficient resources to preserve the project for the purpose of providing safe and affordable housing for lowincome residents and farm laborers including reducing or eliminating interest; deferring loan payments, subordinating, reducing or reamortizing loan debt; and other financial assistance including advances, payments and incentives (including the ability of owners to obtain reasonable returns on investment) required by the Secretary: Provided further, That the Secretary shall as part of the preservation and revitalization agreement obtain a restrictive use agreement consistent with the terms of the restructuring: Provided further, That if the Secretary determines that additional funds for vouchers described in this paragraph are needed, funds for the preservation and revitalization demonstration program may be used for such vouchers: Pro vided further, That if Congress enacts legislation to permanently authorize a multifamily rental housing loan restructuring program similar to the demonstration program described herein, the Secretary may use funds made available for the demonstration program under this heading to carry out such legislation with the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That in addition to any other available funds, the Secretary may expend not more than $1,000,000 total, from the program funds made available under this heading, for administrative expenses for activities funded under this heading. 
MUTUAL AND SELF HELP HOUSING GRANTS  For grants and contracts pursuant to section 523(b)(1)(A) of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1490c), $30,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
RURAL HOUSING ASSISTANCE GRANTS  For grants for very lowincome housing repair and rural housing preservation made by the Rural Housing Service, as authorized by 42 U.S.C. 1474, and 1490m, $40,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For gross obligations for the principal amount of direct and guaranteed loans as authorized by section 306 and described in section 381E(d)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, $2,800,000,000 for direct loans and $148,287,000 for guaranteed loans. For the cost of guaranteed loans, including the cost of modifying loans, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, $4,849,000, to remain available until expended. For the cost of grants for rural community facilities programs as authorized by section 306 and described in section 381E(d)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, $43,778,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That $4,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be available for a Rural Community Development Initiative: Provided further, That such funds shall be used solely to develop the capacity and ability of private, nonprofit communitybased housing and community development organizations, low income rural communities, and Federally Recognized Native American Tribes to undertake projects to improve housing, community facilities, community and economic development projects in rural areas: Provided further, That such funds shall be made available to qualified private, nonprofit and public intermediary organizations proposing to carry out a program of financial and technical assistance: Provided further, That such intermediary organizations shall provide matching funds from other sources, including Federal funds for related activities, in an amount not less than funds provided: Pro vided further, That $5,778,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be to provide grants for facilities in rural communities with extreme unemployment and severe economic depression (Public Law 106– 387), with up to 5 percent for administration and capacity building in the State rural development offices: Provided further, That $4,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be available for community facilities grants to tribal colleges, as authorized by section 306(a)(19) of such Act: Provided further, That sections 381E–H and 381N of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act are not applicable to the funds made available under this heading. RURAL BUSINESS —COOPERATIVE SERVICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For the cost of loan guarantees and grants, for the rural business development programs authorized by section 310B and described in subsections (a), (c), (f) and (g) of section 310B of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, $77,342,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $500,000 shall be made available for one grant to a qualified national organization to provide technical assistance for rural transportation in order to promote economic development and $6,000,000 shall be for grants to the Delta Regional Authority (7 U.S.C. 2009aa et seq.) and the Appalachian Regional Commission (40 U.S.C. 14101 et seq.) for any Rural Community Advancement Program purpose as described in section 381E(d) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, of which not more than 5 percent may be used for administrative expenses: Provided further, That $4,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for business grants to benefit Federally Recognized Native American Tribes, including $250,000 for a grant to a qualified national organization to provide technical assistance for rural transportation in order to promote economic development: Provided further, That sections 381E–H and 381N of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act are not applicable to funds made available under this heading. INTERMEDIARY RELENDING PROGRAM FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the principal amount of direct loans, as authorized by the Intermediary Relending Program Fund Account (7 U.S.C. 1936b), $18,889,000. For the cost of direct loans, $4,361,000, as authorized by the Intermediary Relending Program Fund Account (7 U.S.C. 1936b), of which $557,000 shall be available through June 30, 2018, for Federally Recognized Native American Tribes; and of which $1,072,000 shall be available through June 30, 2018, for Mississippi Delta Region counties (as determined in accordance with Public Law 100– 460): Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan programs, $4,468,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Rural Development, Salaries and Expenses’’. 
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the principal amount of direct loans, as authorized under section 313 of the Rural Electrification Act, for the purpose of promoting rural economic development and job creation projects, $45,000,000. The cost of grants authorized under section 313 of the Rural Electrification Act, for the purpose of promoting rural economic development and job creation projects shall not exceed $10,000,000. 
RURAL COOPERATIVE DEVELOPMENT GRANTS  For rural cooperative development grants authorized under section 310B(e) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932), $27,550,000, of which $2,750,000 shall be for cooperative agreements for the appropriate technology transfer for rural areas program: Provided, That not to exceed $3,000,000 shall be for grants for cooperative development centers, individual cooperatives, or groups of cooperatives that serve socially disadvantaged groups and a majority of the boards of directors or governing boards of which are comprised of individuals who are members of socially disadvantaged groups; and of which $16,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for value added agricultural product market development grants, as authorized by section 231 of the Agricultural Risk Protection Act of 2000 (7 U.S.C. 1632a), of which $1,000,000 shall be for Agriculture Innovation Centers authorized pursuant to section 6402 of Public Law 107–171. 
RURAL ENERGY FOR AMERICA PROGRAM  For the cost of a program of loan guarantees, under the same terms and conditions as authorized by section 9007 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8107), $293,000: Provided, That the cost of loan guarantees, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For the cost of direct loans, loan guarantees, and grants for the rural water, waste water, waste disposal, and solid waste management programs authorized by sections 306, 306A, 306C, 306D, 306E, and 310B and described in sections 306C(a)(2), 306D, 306E, and 381E(d)(2) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, $560,263,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $1,000,000 shall be available for the rural utilities program described in section 306(a)(2)(B) of such Act, and of which not to exceed $993,000 shall be available for the rural utilities program described in section 306E of such Act: Provided, That not to exceed $15,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for grants authorized by section 306A(i)(2) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act in addition to funding authorized by section 306A(i)(1) of such Act and such grants may not exceed $1,000,000 notwithstanding section 306A(f)(1) of such Act: Provided further, That $68,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for loans and grants including water and waste disposal systems grants authorized by section 306C(a)(2)(B) and section 306D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, and Federally Recognized Native American Tribes authorized by 306C(a)(1) of such Act: Provided further, That funding provided for section 306D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act may be provided to a consortium formed pursuant to section 325 of Public Law 105–83: Provided further, That not more than 2 percent of the funding provided for section 306D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act may be used by the State of Alaska for training and technical assistance programs and not more than 2 percent of the funding provided for section 306D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act may be used by a consortium formed pursuant to section 325 of Public Law 105–83 for training and technical assistance programs: Provided further, That not to exceed $40,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for technical assistance grants for rural water and waste systems pursuant to section 306(a)(14) of such Act, unless the Secretary makes a determination of extreme need, of which $8,000,000 shall be made available for a grant to a qualified nonprofit multiState regional technical assistance organization, with experience in working with small communities on water and waste water problems, the principal purpose of such grant shall be to assist rural communities with populations of 3,300 or less, in improving the planning, financing, development, operation, and management of water and waste water systems, and of which not less than $800,000 shall be for a qualified national Native American organization to provide technical assistance for rural water systems for tribal communities: Provided further, That not to exceed $19,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for contracting with qualified national organizations for a circuit rider program to provide technical assistance for rural water systems: Provided further, That not to exceed $4,000,000 shall be for solid waste management grants: Provided further, That $10,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be transferred to, and merged with, the Rural Utilities Service, High Energy Cost Grants Account to provide grants authorized under section 19 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 918a): Provided further, That any prior year 
balances for highenergy cost grants authorized by section 19 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 918a) shall be transferred to and merged with the Rural Utilities Service, High Energy Cost Grants Account: Provided further, That sections 381E–H and 381N of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act are not applicable to the funds made available under this heading. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  The principal amount of direct and guaranteed loans as authorized by sections 305, 306, and 317 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 935, 936, and 940g) shall be made as follows: loans made pursuant to sections 305, 306, and 317, notwithstanding 317(c), of that Act, rural electric, $5,500,000,000; guaranteed underwriting loans pursuant to section 313A, $750,000,000; 5 percent rural telecommunications loans, cost of money rural telecommunications loans, and for loans made pursuant to section 306 of that Act, rural telecommunications loans, $690,000,000: Provided, That up to $2,000,000,000 shall be used for the construction, acquisition, or improvement of fossilfueled electric generating plants (whether new or existing) that utilize carbon sequestration systems. For the cost of direct loans as authorized by section 305 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 935), including the cost of modifying loans, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, cost of money rural telecommunications loans, $863,000. In addition, for administrative expenses necessary to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $33,270,000, which shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Rural Development, Salaries and Expenses’’. 
BROADBAND PROGRAM  For the principal amount of broadband telecommunication loans, $29,851,000. For grants for telemedicine and distance learning services in rural areas, as authorized by 7 U.S.C. 950aaa et seq., $32,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That $3,000,000 shall be made available for grants authorized by 379G of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act: Pro vided further, That funding provided under this heading for grants under 379G of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act may only be provided to entities that meet all of the eligibility criteria for a consortium as established by this section. For the cost of broadband loans, as authorized by section 601 of the Rural Electrification Act, $5,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the cost of direct loans shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. In addition, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended, for a grant program to finance broadband transmission in rural areas eligible for Distance Learning and Telemedicine Program benefits authorized by 7 U.S.C. 950aaa. TITLE IV DOMESTIC FOOD PROGRAMS OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR FOOD, NUTRITION , ANDCONSUMER SERVICES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Services, $800,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to an agency in the Food, Nutrition and Consumer Services mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office. FOOD AND NUTRITION SERVICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.), except section 21, and the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq.), except sections 17 and 21; $24,254,139,000 to remain available through September 30, 2019, of which such sums as are made available under section 14222(b)(1) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246), as amended by this Act, shall be merged with and available for the same time period and purposes as provided herein: Provided, That of the total amount available, $17,004,000 shall be available to carry out section 19 of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq.): Provided further, That of the total amount available, $30,000,000 shall be available to provide competitive grants to State agencies for subgrants to local educational agencies and schools to purchase the equipment, with a value of greater than $1,000, needed to serve healthier meals, improve food safety, and to help support the establishment, maintenance, or expansion of the school breakfast program: Provided further, That of the total amount available, $28,000,000 shall remain available until expended to carry out section 749(g) of the Agriculture Appropriations Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–80): Provided further, That section 26(d) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1769g(d)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘2010 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2010 through 2018’’: Provided further, That section 9(h)(3) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1758(h)(3)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2018’’: Provided further, That section 9(h)(4) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1758(h)(4)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2018’’. 
FOR WOMEN , INFANTS , AND CHILDREN (WIC)  For necessary expenses to carry out the special supplemental nutrition program as authorized by section 17 of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1786), $6,175,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2019, of which $25,000,000 shall be placed in reserve, to remain available until expended, to be allocated as the Secretary deemed necessary, notwithstanding section 17(i) of such Act, to support participation should cost or participation exceed budget estimates: Pro vided, That notwithstanding section 17(h)(10) of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1786(h)(10)), not less than $60,000,000 shall be used for breastfeeding peer counselors and other related activities, and $14,000,000 shall be used for infrastructure: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this account shall be available for the purchase of infant formula except in accordance with the cost containment and competitive bidding requirements specified in section 17 of such Act: Provided further, That none of the funds provided shall be available for activities that are not fully reimbursed by other Federal Government departments or agencies unless authorized by section 17 of such Act: Pro vided further, That upon termination of a federally mandated vendor moratorium and subject to terms and conditions established by the Secretary, the Secretary may waive the requirement at 7 CFR 246.12(g)(6) at the request of a State agency. 
PROGRAM  For necessary expenses to carry out the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.), $74,013,499,000, of which $3,000,000,000, to remain available through December 31, 2019, shall be placed in reserve for use only in such amounts and at such times as may become necessary to carry out program operations: Provided, That funds provided herein shall be expended in accordance with section 16 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008: Pro vided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $998,000 may be used to provide nutrition education services to State agencies and Federally Recognized Tribes participating in the Food Distribution Program on Indian Reservations: Provided further, That this appropriation shall be subject to any work registration or workfare requirements as may be required by law: Pro vided further, That funds made available for Employment and Training under this heading shall remain available through September 30, 2019: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading for section 28(d)(1), section 4(b), and section 27(a) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 shall remain available through September 30, 2019: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be obligated or expended in contravention of section 213A of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1183A): Provided further, That funds made available under this heading may be used to enter into contracts and employ staff to conduct studies, evaluations, or to conduct activities related to program integrity provided that such activities are authorized by the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008. COMMODITY ASSISTANCE PROGRAM  For necessary expenses to carry out disaster assistance and the Commodity Supplemental Food Program as authorized by section 4(a) of the Agriculture and Consumer Protection Act of 1973 (7 U.S.C. 612c note); the Emergency Food Assistance Act of 1983; special assistance for the nuclear affected islands, as authorized by section 103(f)(2) of the Compact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–188); and the Farmers’ Market Nutrition Program, as authorized by section 17(m) of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966, $322,139,000, to remain available through September 30, 2019: Provided, That none of these funds shall be available to reimburse the Commodity Credit Corporation for commodities donated to the program: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, effective with funds made available in fiscal year 2018 to support the Seniors Farmers’ Market Nutrition Program, as authorized by section 4402 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002, such funds shall remain available through September 30, 2019: Provided further, That of the funds made available under section 27(a) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2036(a)), the Secretary may use up to 15 percent for costs associated with the distribution of commodities. 
NUTRITION PROGRAMS ADMINISTRATION  For necessary administrative expenses of the Food and Nutrition Service for carrying out any domestic nutrition assistance program, $153,841,000: Provided, That of the funds provided herein, $2,000,000 shall be used for the purposes of section 4404 of Public Law 107–171, as amended by section 4401 of Public Law 110–246. TITLE V FOREIGN ASSISTANCE AND RELATED PROGRAMS OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR TRADE  
ANDFOREIGN AGRICULTURAL AFFAIRS  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Trade and Foreign Agricultural Affairs, $875,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to any 
agency in the Trade and Foreign Agricultural Affairs mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the Office. 
OFFICE OF CODEX ALIMENTARIUS  For necessary expenses of the Office of Codex Alimentarius, $3,796,000. FOREIGN AGRICULTURAL SERVICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Foreign Agricultural Service, including not to exceed $250,000 for representation allowances and for expenses pursuant to section 8 of the Act approved August 3, 1956 (7 U.S.C. 1766), $199,666,000, of which no more than 6 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2019, for overseas operations to include the payment of locally employed staff: Provided, That the Service may utilize advances of funds, or reimburse this appropriation for expenditures made on behalf of Federal agencies, public and private organizations and institutions under agreements executed pursuant to the agricultural food production assistance programs (7 U.S.C. 1737) and the foreign assistance programs of the United States Agency for International Development: Provided further, That funds made available for middleincome country training programs, funds made available for the Borlaug International Agricultural Science and Technology Fellowship program, and up to $2,000,000 of the Foreign Agricultural Service appropriation solely for the purpose of offsetting fluctuations in international currency exchange rates, subject to documentation by the Foreign Agricultural Service, shall remain available until expended. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For administrative expenses to carry out the credit program of title I, Food for Peace Act (Public Law 83–480) and the Food for Progress Act of 1985, $149,000, shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Farm Service Agency, Salaries and Expenses’’. 
FOOD FOR PEACE TITLE II GRANTS  For expenses during the current fiscal year, not otherwise recoverable, and unrecovered prior years’ costs, including interest thereon, under the Food for Peace Act (Public Law 83–480), for commodities supplied in connection with dispositions abroad under title II of said Act, $1,600,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall in each instance notify in writing the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, the Committee on Agriculture of the House, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House, and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate and make publicly available online the amount and use of authority in section 202(a) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1722(a)) to notwithstand the minimum level of nonemergency assistance required by section 412(e)(2) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1736f(e)(2)) not later than 15 days after the date of such action. 
GRANTS  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 3107 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 1736o–1), $207,626,000, to remain available until expended, of which $1,000,000 is for the use of recently developed potable water technologies in school feeding projects: Pro vided, That the Commodity Credit Corporation is authorized to provide the services, facilities, and authorities for the purpose of implementing such section, subject to reimbursement from amounts provided herein: Provided further, That of the amount made available under this heading, $10,000,000, shall remain available until expended for necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 3207 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 1726c). COMMODITY CREDIT CORPORATION EXPORT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For administrative expenses to carry out the Commodity Credit Corporation’s Export Guarantee Program, GSM 102 and GSM 103, $8,845,000; to cover common overhead expenses as permitted by section 11 of the Commodity Credit Corporation Charter Act and in conformity with the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990, of which $6,382,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Foreign Agricultural Service, Salaries and Expenses’’, and of which $2,463,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Farm Service Agency, Salaries and Expenses’’. TITLE VI RELATED AGENCIES AND FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN  SERVICES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Food and Drug Administration, including hire and purchase of passenger motor vehicles; for payment of space rental and related costs pursuant to Public Law 92–313 for programs and activities of the Food and Drug Administration which are included in this Act; for rental of special purpose space in the District of Columbia or elsewhere; in addition to amounts appropriated to the FDA Innovation Account, for carrying out the activities described in section 1002(b)(4) of the 21st Century Cures Act (Public Law 114–255); for miscellaneous and emergency expenses of enforcement activities, authorized and approved by the Secretary and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s certificate, not to exceed $25,000; and notwithstanding section 521 of Public Law 107–188; $5,138,041,000: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading, $911,346,000 shall be derived from prescription drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379h, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $193,291,000 shall be derived from medical device user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $493,600,000 shall be derived from human generic drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–42, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $40,214,000 shall be derived from biosimilar biological product user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–52, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $18,093,000 shall be derived from animal drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–12, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $9,419,000 shall be derived from generic new animal drug user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–21, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended; $672,000,000 shall be derived from tobacco product user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 387s, and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended: Pro vided further, That in addition to and notwithstanding any other provision under this heading, amounts collected for prescription drug user fees, medical device user fees, human generic drug user fees, biosimilar biological product user fees, animal drug user fees, and generic new animal drug user fees that exceed the respective fiscal year 2018 limitations are appropriated and shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended: Provided further, That fees derived from prescription drug, medical device, human generic drug, biosimilar biological product, animal drug, and generic new animal drug assessments for fiscal year 2018, including any such fees collected prior to fiscal year 2018 but credited for fiscal year 2018, shall be subject to the fiscal year 2018 limitations: Provided further, That the Secretary may accept payment during fiscal year 2018 of user fees specified under this heading and authorized for fiscal year 2019, prior to the due date for such fees, and that amounts of such fees assessed for fiscal year 2019 for which the Secretary accepts payment in fiscal year 2018 shall not be included in amounts under this heading: Provided further, That none of these funds shall be used to develop, establish, or operate any program of user fees authorized by 31 U.S.C. 9701: Pro vided further, That of the total amount appropriated: (1) $1,041,615,000 shall be for the Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition and related field activities in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (2) $1,617,881,000 shall be for the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research and related field activities in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (3) $359,614,000 shall be for the Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research and for related field activities in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (4) $197,252,000 shall be for the Center for Veterinary Medicine and for related field activities in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (5) $487,197,000 shall be for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health and for related field activities in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (6) $63,331,000 shall be for the National Center for Toxicological Research; (7) $625,646,000 shall be for the Center for Tobacco Products and for related field activities in the Office of Regulatory Affairs; (8) not to exceed $172,003,000 shall be for Rent and Related activities, of which $50,559,000 is for White Oak Consolidation, other than the amounts paid to the General Services Administration for rent; (9) not to exceed $237,671,000 shall be for payments to the General Services Administration for rent; and (10) $335,831,000 shall be for other activities, including the Office of the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, the Office of Foods and Veterinary Medicine, the Office of Medical and Tobacco Products, the Office of Global and Regulatory Policy, the Office of Operations, the Office of the Chief Scientist, and central services for these offices: Provided further, That not to exceed $25,000 of this amount shall be for official reception and representation expenses, not otherwise provided for, as determined by the Commissioner: Provided further, That any transfer of funds pursuant to section 770(n) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 379dd(n)) shall only be from amounts made available under this heading for other activities: Provided further, That of the amounts that are made available under this heading for ‘‘other activities’’, and that are not derived from user fees, $1,500,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services—Office of Inspector General’’ for oversight of the programs and operations of the Food and Drug Administration and shall be in addition to funds otherwise made available for oversight of the Food and Drug Administration: Provided further, That of the total amount made available under this heading, $1,500,000 
shall be used by the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, in coordination with the Secretary of Agriculture, for consumer outreach and education regarding agricultural biotechnology and biotechnologyderived food products and animal feed, including through publication and distribution of sciencebased educational information on the environmental, nutritional, food safety, economic, and humanitarian impacts of such biotechnology, food products, and feed: Provided further, That funds may be transferred from one specified activity to another with the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. In addition, mammography user fees authorized by 42 U.S.C. 263b, export certification user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 381, priority review user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 360n and 360ff, food and feed recall fees, food reinspection fees, and voluntary qualified importer program fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–31, outsourcing facility fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 379j–62, prescription drug wholesale distributor licensing and inspection fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 353(e)(3), thirdparty logistics provider licensing and inspection fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 360eee–3(c)(1), thirdparty auditor fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 384d(c)(8), and medical countermeasure priority review voucher user fees authorized by 21 U.S.C. 360bbb–4a, shall be credited to this account, to remain available until expended. 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For plans, construction, repair, improvement, extension, alteration, demolition, and purchase of fixed equipment or facilities of or used by the Food and Drug Administration, where not otherwise provided, $11,788,000, to remain available until expended. 
FDA INNOVATION ACCOUNT , CURES ACT  For necessary expenses to carry out the purposes described under section 1002(b)(4) of the 21st Century Cures Act, in addition to amounts available for such purposes under the heading ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’, $60,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That amounts appropriated in this paragraph are appropriated pursuant to section 1002(b)(3) of the 21st Century Cures Act, are to be derived from amounts transferred under section 1002(b)(2)(A) of such Act, and may be transferred by the Commissioner of Food and Drugs to the appropriation for ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services—Food and Drug Administration—Salaries and Expenses’’ solely for the purposes provided in such Act: Provided further, That upon a determination by the Commissioner that funds transferred pursuant to the previous proviso are not necessary for the purposes provided, such amounts may be transferred back to the account: Provided further, That such transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. INDEPENDENT AGENCIES COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), including the purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles, and the rental of space (to include multiple year leases), in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, $249,000,000, including not to exceed $3,000 for official reception and representation expenses, and not to exceed $25,000 for the expenses for consultations and meetings hosted by the Commission with foreign governmental and other regulatory officials, of which not less than $48,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be for the purchase of information technology and of which not less than $2,700,000 shall be for expenses of the Office of the Inspector General: Provided, That notwithstanding the limitations in 31 U.S.C. 1553, amounts provided under this heading are available for the liquidation of obligations equal to current year payments on leases entered into prior to the date of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That for the purpose of recording and liquidating any lease obligations that should have been recorded and liquidated against accounts closed pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1552, and consistent with the preceding proviso, such amounts shall be transferred to and recorded in a new noyear account in the Treasury, which may be established for the sole purpose of recording adjustments for and liquidating such unpaid obligations: Provided further, That if any furlough or reductioninforce of personnel at the Commission occurs as a result of an action under 5 U.S.C. 7119, the Commission shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate no later than 30 days after the furlough or reductioninforce occurs detailing the agency’s reasoning for conducting a furlough or reductioninforce: Provided further, That in the report the Commission shall explain why the furlough or reductioninforce was the only reasonable course of action in response to an action taken under 5 U.S.C. 7119: Provided further, That after the conclusion of any furlough or reductioninforce of the Commission in response to an action taken under 5 U.S.C. 7119, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that describes (1) the longterm cost of any pay increases the Commission must make in response to an action taken under 5 U.S.C. 7119; and (2) the operational impact of the furlough or reductioninforce. FARMCREDIT ADMINISTRATION  
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  Not to exceed $70,600,000 (from assessments collected from farm credit institutions, including the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation) shall be obligated during the current fiscal year for administrative expenses as authorized under 12 U.S.C. 2249: Provided, That this limitation shall not apply to expenses associated with receiverships: Provided further, That the agency may exceed this limitation by up to 10 percent with notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. TITLE VII GENERAL PROVISIONS 
FUNDS)  SEC. 701. Within the unit limit of cost fixed by law, appropriations and authorizations made for the Department of Agriculture for the current fiscal year under this Act shall be available for the purchase, in addition to those specifically provided for, of not to exceed 71 passenger motor vehicles of which 68 shall be for replacement only, and for the hire of such vehicles: Provided, That notwithstanding this section, the only purchase of new passenger vehicles shall be for those determined by the Secretary to be necessary for transportation safety, to reduce operational costs, and for the protection of life, property, and public safety. SEC. 702. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture may transfer unobligated balances of discretionary funds appropriated by this Act or any other available unobligated discretionary balances that are remaining available of the Department of Agriculture to the Working Capital Fund for the acquisition of plant and capital equipment necessary for the delivery of financial, administrative, and information technology services of primary benefit to the agencies of the Department of Agriculture, such transferred funds to remain available until expended: Provided, That none of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act shall be transferred to the Working Capital Fund without the prior approval of the agency administrator: Provided further, That none of the funds transferred to the Working Capital Fund pursuant to this section shall be available for obligation without written notification to and the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated by this Act or made available to the Department’s Working Capital Fund shall be available for obligation or expenditure to make any changes to the Department’s National Finance Center without written notification to and prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress as required by section 717 of this Act: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated by this Act or made available to the Department’s Working Capital Fund shall be available for obligation or expenditure to initiate, plan, develop, implement, or make any changes to remove or relocate any systems, missions, or functions of the offices of the Chief Financial Officer or any personnel from the National Finance Center prior to written notification to and prior approval of the Committee on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress and in accordance with the requirements of section 717 of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary of Agriculture and the offices of the Chief Financial Officer shall actively market to existing and new Departments and other government agencies National Finance Center shared services including, but not limited to, payroll, financial management, and human capital shared services and allow the National Finance Center to perform technology upgrades: Provided further, That of annual income amounts in the Working Capital Fund of the Department of Agriculture attributable to the amounts in excess of the true costs of the shared services provided by the National Finance Center and budgeted for the National Finance Center, the Secretary shall reserve not more than 4 percent for the replacement or acquisition of capital equipment, including equipment for the improvement, delivery, and implementation of financial, administrative, and information technology services, and other systems of the National Finance Center or to pay any unforeseen, extraordinary cost of the National Finance Center: Provided further, That none of the amounts reserved shall be available for obligation unless the Secretary submits written notification of the obligation to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Pro vided further, That the limitations on the obligation of funds pending notification to Congressional Committees shall not apply to any obligation that, as determined by the Secretary, is necessary to respond to a declared state of emergency that significantly impacts the operations of the National Finance Center; or to evacuate employees of the National Finance Center to a safe haven to continue operations of the National Finance Center: Provided further, That the Secretary of Agriculture shall conduct and submit a detailed cost benefit analysis to the Committees on Appropriations that includes a complete analysis of the National Finance Center data center and two other operationally comparable data centers in both size and complexity in supported applications that details and provides: (1) the cost effectiveness of each center; (2) a security analysis of each center; and (3) each center’s Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP) certifications status and 
the center’s demonstrated history record and ability for maintaining Continuity of Operations Plan (COOP) functions and not miss critical operations: Provided further, That the costbenefit analysis shall be submitted no later than 90 days after enactment of this Act to the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That not later than 90 days after submission of the costbenefit analysis, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a sufficiency review of the cost benefit analysis, including any findings and recommendations relating to such review. SEC. 703. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. SEC. 704. No funds appropriated by this Act may be used to pay negotiated indirect cost rates on cooperative agreements or similar arrangements between the United States Department of Agriculture and nonprofit institutions in excess of 10 percent of the total direct cost of the agreement when the purpose of such cooperative arrangements is to carry out programs of mutual interest between the two parties. This does not preclude appropriate payment of indirect costs on grants and contracts with such institutions when such indirect costs are computed on a similar basis for all agencies for which appropriations are provided in this Act. SEC. 705. Appropriations to the Department of Agriculture for the cost of direct and guaranteed loans made available in the current fiscal year shall remain available until expended to disburse obligations made in the current fiscal year for the following accounts: the Rural Development Loan Fund program account, the Rural Electrification and Telecommunication Loans program account, and the Rural Housing Insurance Fund program account. SEC. 706. None of the funds made available to the Department of Agriculture by this Act may be used to acquire new information technology systems or significant upgrades, as determined by the Office of the Chief Information Officer, without the approval of the Chief Information Officer and the concurrence of the Executive Information Technology Investment Review Board: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be transferred to the Office of the Chief Information Officer without written notification to and the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That, notwithstanding section 11319 of title 40, United States Code, none of the funds available to the Department of Agriculture for information technology shall be obligated for projects, contracts, or other agreements over $25,000 prior to receipt of written approval by the Chief Information Officer: Provided further, That the Chief Information Officer may authorize an agency to obligate funds without written approval from the Chief Information Officer for projects, contracts, or other agreements up to $250,000 based upon the performance of an agency measured against the performance plan requirements described in the explanatory statement accompanying Public Law 113–235. SEC. 707. Funds made available under section 524(b) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1524(b)) in the current fiscal year shall remain available until expended to disburse obligations made in the current fiscal year. SEC. 708. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any former RUS borrower that has repaid or prepaid an insured, direct or guaranteed loan under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936, or any notforprofit utility that is eligible to receive an insured or direct loan under such Act, shall be eligible for assistance under section 313(b)(2)(B) of such Act in the same manner as a borrower under such Act. SEC. 709. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law, not more than $20,000,000 in unobligated balances from appropriations made available for salaries and expenses in this Act for the Farm Service Agency shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for information technology expenses: Pro vided, That except as otherwise specifically provided by law, unobligated balances from appropriations made available for salaries and expenses in this Act for the Rural Development mission area shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for information technology expenses. SEC. 710. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used for firstclass travel by the employees of agencies funded by this Act in contravention of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. SEC. 711. In the case of each program established or amended by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79), other than by title I or subtitle A of title III of such Act, or programs for which indefinite amounts were provided in that Act, that is authorized or required to be carried out using funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation— (1) such funds shall be available for salaries and related administrative expenses, including technical assistance, associated with the implementation of the program, without regard to the limitation on the total amount of allotments and fund transfers contained in section 11 of the Commodity Credit Corporation Charter Act (15 U.S.C. 714i); and (2) the use of such funds for such purpose shall not be considered to be a fund transfer or allotment for purposes of applying the limitation on the total amount of allotments and fund transfers contained in such section. SEC. 712. Of the funds made available by this Act, not more than $2,000,000 shall be used to cover necessary expenses of activities related to all advisory committees, panels, commissions, and task forces of the Department of Agriculture, except for panels used to comply with negotiated rule makings and panels used to evaluate competitively awarded grants. SEC. 713. None of the funds in this Act shall be available to pay indirect costs charged against any agricultural research, education, or extension grant awards issued by the National Institute of Food and Agriculture that exceed 30 percent of total Federal funds provided under each award: Provided, That not withstanding section 1462 of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3310), funds provided by this Act for grants awarded competitively by the National Institute of Food and Agriculture shall be available to pay full allowable indirect costs for each grant awarded under section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638). SEC. 714. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. SEC. 715. Notwithstanding subsection (b) of section 14222 of Public Law 110–246 (7 U.S.C. 612c–6; in this section referred to as ‘‘section 14222’’), none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel to carry out a program under section 32 of the Act of August 24, 1935 (7 U.S.C. 612c; in this section referred to as ‘‘section 32’’) in excess of $1,266,582,000 (exclusive of carryover appropriations from prior fiscal years), as follows: Child Nutrition Programs Entitlement Commodities— $465,000,000; State Option Contracts— $5,000,000; Removal of Defective Commodities— $2,500,000; Administration of Section 32 Commodity Purchases—$35,853,000: Pro vided, That of the total funds made available in the matter preceding this proviso that remain unobligated on October 1, 2018, such unobligated balances shall carryover into the next fiscal year and shall remain available until expended for any of the three stated purposes of section 32, except that any such carryover funds used in accordance with clause (3) of section 32 may not exceed $350,000,000 and may not be obligated until the Secretary of Agriculture provides written notification of the expenditures to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least two weeks in advance: Provided further, That, with the exception of any available carryover funds authorized in the first proviso of this section to be used for the purposes of clause (3) of section 32, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries or expenses of any employee of the Department of Agriculture to carry out clause (3) of section 32. SEC. 716. None of the funds appropriated by this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel who prepare or submit appropriations language as part of the President’s budget submission to the Congress for programs under the jurisdiction of the Appropriations Subcommittees on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies that assumes revenues or reflects a reduction from the previous year due to user fees proposals that have not been enacted into law prior to the submission of the budget unless such budget submission identifies which additional spending reductions should occur in the event the user fees proposals are not enacted prior to the date of the convening of a committee of conference for the fiscal year 2019 appropriations Act. SEC. 717. (a) None of the funds provided by this Act, or provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in the current fiscal year, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming, transfer of funds, or reimbursements as authorized by the Economy Act, or in the case of the Department of Agriculture, through use of the authority provided by section 702(b) of the Department of Agriculture Organic Act of 1944 (7 U.S.C. 2257) or section 8 of Public Law 89– 106 (7 U.S.C. 2263), that— (1) creates new programs; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel by any means for any project or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted; (4) relocates an office or employees; (5) reorganizes offices, programs, or activities; or (6) contracts out or privatizes any functions or activities presently performed by Federal employees; unless the Secretary of Agriculture, the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the Secretary of Health and Human Services (as the case may be) notifies in writing and receives approval from the Committees on Appropriations of both 
Houses of Congress at least 30 days in advance of the reprogramming of such funds or the use of such authority. (b) None of the funds provided by this Act, or provided by previous Appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in the current fiscal year, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure for activities, programs, or projects through a reprogramming or use of the authorities referred to in subsection (a) involving funds in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that— (1) augments existing programs, projects, or activities; (2) reduces by 10 percent funding for any existing program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent as approved by Congress; or (3) results from any general savings from a reduction in personnel which would result in a change in existing programs, activities, or projects as approved by Congress; unless the Secretary of Agriculture, the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the Secretary of Health and Human Services (as the case may be) notifies in writing and receives approval from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days in advance of the reprogramming or transfer of such funds or the use of such authority. (c) The Secretary of Agriculture, the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall notify in writing and receive approval from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress before implementing any program or activity not carried out during the previous fiscal year unless the program or activity is funded by this Act or specifically funded by any other Act. (d) None of the funds provided by this Act, or provided by previous Appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in the current fiscal year, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for— (1) modifying major capital investments funding levels, including information technology systems, that involves increasing or decreasing funds in the current fiscal year for the individual investment in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent of the total cost, whichever is less; (2) realigning or reorganizing new, current, or vacant positions or agency activities or functions to establish a center, office, branch, or similar entity with five or more personnel; or (3) carrying out activities or functions that were not described in the budget request; unless the agencies funded by this Act notify, in writing, the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days in advance of using the funds for these purposes. (e) As described in this section, no funds may be used for any activities unless the Secretary of Agriculture, the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the Secretary of Health and Human Services receives from the Committee on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress written or electronic mail confirmation of receipt of the notification as required in this section. SEC. 718. Notwithstanding section 310B(g)(5) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(g)(5)), the Secretary may assess a onetime fee for any guaranteed business and industry loan in an amount that does not exceed 3 percent of the guaranteed principal portion of the loan. SEC. 719. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Agriculture, the Food and Drug Administration, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the Farm Credit Administration shall be used to transmit or otherwise make available reports, questions, or responses to questions that are a result of information requested for the appropriations hearing process to any nonDepartment of Agriculture, nonDepartment of Health and Human Services, nonCommodity Futures Trading Commission, or nonFarm Credit Administration employee. SEC. 720. Unless otherwise authorized by existing law, none of the funds provided in this Act, may be used by an executive branch agency to produce any prepackaged news story intended for broadcast or distribution in the United States unless the story includes a clear notification within the text or audio of the prepackaged news story that the prepackaged news story was prepared or funded by that executive branch agency. SEC. 721. No employee of the Department of Agriculture may be detailed or assigned from an agency or office funded by this Act or any other Act to any other agency or office of the Department for more than 60 days in a fiscal year unless the individual’s employing agency or office is fully reimbursed by the receiving agency or office for the salary and expenses of the employee for the period of assignment. SEC. 722. (a) There is hereby established in the Treasury of the United States a Working Capital Fund (the Fund) to be administered by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), without fiscal year limitation, for the payment of salaries, travel, and other expenses necessary to the maintenance and operation of (1) a supply service for the purchase, storage, handling, issuance, packing, or shipping of stationery, supplies, materials, equipment, and blank forms, for which stocks may be maintained to meet, in whole or in part, the needs of the FDA and requisitions of other Government Offices, and (2) such other services as the Commissioner of the FDA, subject to review by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, determines may be performed more advantageously as central services. The Fund shall be reimbursed from applicable discretionary resources, notwithstanding any otherwise applicable purpose limitations, available when services are performed or stock furnished, or in advance, on a basis of rates which shall include estimated or actual charges for personal services, materials, equipment, information technology, and other expenses. Charges for equipment and information technology shall include costs associated with maintenance, repair, and depreciation (including improvement and replacement). (b) Of any discretionary resources appropriated in this Act for fiscal year 2018 for ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration, Salaries and Expenses’’, not to exceed $5,000,000 of amounts available as of September 30 may be transferred to and merged with the Fund established under subsection (a), notwithstanding any otherwise applicable purpose limitations. (c) No amounts may be transferred pursuant to this section that are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. SEC. 723. Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture, the Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and the Chairman of the Farm Credit Administration shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a detailed spending plan by program, project, and activity for all the funds made available under this Act including appropriated user fees, as defined in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). SEC. 724. Of the unobligated balances from amounts made available for the supplemental nutrition program as authorized by section 17 of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1786), $800,000,000 are hereby rescinded. SEC. 725. The Secretary shall continue an intermediary loan packaging program based on the pilot program in effect for fiscal year 2013 for packaging and reviewing section 502 single family direct loans. The Secretary shall continue agreements with current intermediary organizations and with additional qualified intermediary organizations. The Secretary shall work with these organizations to increase effectiveness of the section 502 single family direct loan program in rural communities and shall set aside and make available from the national reserve section 502 loans an amount necessary to support the work of such intermediaries and provide a priority for review of such loans. SEC. 726. For loans and loan guarantees that do not require budget authority and the program level has been established in this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture may increase the program level for such loans and loan guarantees by not more than 25 percent: Provided, That prior to the Secretary implementing such an increase, the Secretary notifies, in writing, the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 15 days in advance. SEC. 727. None of the credit card refunds or rebates transferred to the Working Capital Fund pursuant to section 729 of the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2002 (7 U.S.C. 2235a; Public Law 107–76) shall be available for obligation without written notification to, and the prior approval of, the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Pro vided, That the refunds or rebates so transferred shall be available for obligation only for the acquisition of plant and capital equipment necessary for the delivery of financial, administrative, and information technology services of primary benefit to the agencies of the Department of Agriculture. SEC. 728. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the ‘‘variety’’ requirements of the final rule entitled ‘‘Enhancing Retailer Standards in the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP)’’ published by the Department of Agriculture in the Federal Register on December 15, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 90675) until the Secretary of Agriculture amends the definition of the term ‘‘variety’’ as de fined in section 278.1(b)(1)(ii)(C) of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations, and ‘‘variety’’ as applied in the definition of the term ‘‘staple food’’ as defined in section 271.2 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations, to increase the number of items that qualify as acceptable varieties in each staple food category so that the total number of such items in each staple food category exceeds the number of such items in each staple food category included in the final rule as published on December 15, 2016: Provided, That until the Secretary promulgates such regulatory amendments, the Secretary shall apply the requirements regarding acceptable varieties and breadth of stock 
to Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program retailers that were in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79). SEC. 729. None of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act may be used— (1) in contravention of section 7606 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 5940); or (2) to prohibit the transportation, processing, sale, or use of industrial hemp, or seeds of such plant, that is grown or cultivated in accordance with subsection section 7606 of the Agricultural Act of 2014, within or outside the State in which the industrial hemp is grown or cultivated. SEC. 730. Funds provided by this or any prior Appropriations Act for the Agriculture and Food Research Initiative under 7 U.S.C. 450i(b) shall be made available without regard to section 7128 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 3371 note), under the matching requirements in laws in effect on the date before the date of enactment of such section: Provided, That the requirements of 7 U.S.C. 450i(b)(9) shall continue to apply. SEC. 731. For tree assistance payments under section 1501(e) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081(e)) to eligible orchardists or nursery tree growers (as defined in such section) of pecan trees with a tree mortality rate that exceeds 7.5 percent (adjusted for normal mortality) and is less than 15 percent (adjusted for normal mortality), $15,000,000, to be available until expended, for losses incurred during the period beginning January 1, 2017 and ending December 31, 2017. SEC. 732. In carrying out subsection (h) of section 502 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1472), the Secretary of Agriculture shall have the same authority with respect to loans guaranteed under such section and eligible lenders for such loans as the Secretary has under subsections (h) and (j) of section 538 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1490p–2) with respect to loans guaranteed under such section 538 and eligible lenders for such loans. SEC. 733. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose, promulgate, or implement any rule, or take any other action with respect to, allowing or requiring information intended for a prescribing health care professional, in the case of a drug or biological product subject to section 503(b)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 353(b)(1)), to be distributed to such professional electronically (in lieu of in paper form) unless and until a Federal law is enacted to allow or require such distribution. SEC. 734. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to notify a sponsor or otherwise acknowledge receipt of a submission for an exemption for investigational use of a drug or biological product under section 505(i) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(i)) or section 351(a)(3) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262(a)(3)) in research in which a human embryo is intentionally created or modified to include a heritable genetic modification. Any such submission shall be deemed to have not been received by the Secretary, and the exemption may not go into effect. SEC. 735. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to carry out the final rule promulgated by the Food and Drug Administration and put into effect November 16, 2015, in regards to the hazard analysis and riskbased preventive control requirements of the current good manufacturing practice, hazard analysis, and riskbased preventive controls for food for animals rule with respect to the regulation of the production, distribution, sale, or receipt of dried spent grain byproducts of the alcoholic beverage production process. SEC. 736. Funds made available under title II of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1721 et seq.) may only be used to provide assistance to recipient nations if adequate monitoring and controls, as determined by the Administrator, are in place to ensure that emergency food aid is received by the intended beneficiaries in areas affected by food shortages and not diverted for unauthorized or inappropriate purposes. SEC. 737. There is hereby appropriated $1,996,000 to carry out section 1621 of Public Law 110–246. SEC. 738. No partially hydrogenated oils as defined in the order published by the Food and Drug Administration in the Federal Register on June 17, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 34650 et seq.) shall be deemed unsafe within the meaning of section 409(a) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 348(a)) and no food that is introduced or delivered for introduction into interstate commerce that bears or contains a partially hydrogenated oil shall be deemed adulterated under sections 402(a)(1) or 402(a)(2)(C)(i) of this Act by virtue of bearing or containing a partially hydrogenated oil until the compliance date as specified in such order (June 18, 2018). SEC. 739. For the cost of refinancing a loan pursuant to section 749 of division A of Public Law 115–31, and in addition to amounts provided by that section, for any borrower identified by the Federal Financing Bank for refinancing a loan where the modification calculation methodology used for such refinancing pursuant to section 185 of Office of Management and Budget Circular No. A–11 results in a cost to the pilot program, $5,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That these funds shall also be available for refinancing a loan pursuant to any extension or expansion of this pilot program that is enacted subsequent to this Act for those same borrowers. SEC. 740. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Food and Nutrition Service, to commence any new research and evaluation projects until the Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a research and evaluation plan for fiscal year 2018, prepared in coordination with the Research, Education, and Economics mission area of the Department of Agriculture, and a period of 30 days beginning on the date of the submission of the plan expires to permit Congressional review of the plan. SEC. 741. There is hereby appropriated $8,000,000, to remain available until expended, to carry out section 6407 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8107a): Provided, That the Secretary may allow eligible entities to offer loans to customers in any part of their service territory and to offer loans to replace a manufactured housing unit with another manufactured housing unit, if replacement would be more cost effective in saving energy: Pro vided further, That funds provided in section 769 of division A, Public Law 115–31, shall remain available until September 30, 2019. SEC. 742. (a) The Secretary of Agriculture shall— (1) conduct audits in a manner that evaluates the following factors in the country or region being audited, as applicable— (A) veterinary control and oversight; (B) disease history and vaccination practices; (C) livestock demographics and traceability; (D) epidemiological separation from potential sources of infection; (E) surveillance practices; (F) diagnostic laboratory capabilities; and (G) emergency preparedness and response; and (2) promptly make publicly available the final reports of any audits or reviews conducted pursuant to subsection (1). (b) This section shall be applied in a manner consistent with United States obligations under its international trade agreements. SEC. 743. There is hereby appropriated $1,000,000 for the Secretary to carry out a pilot program that provides forestry inventory analysis, forest management and economic outcomes modelling for certain currently enrolled Conservation Reserve Program participants. The Secretary shall allow the Commodity Credit Corporation to enter into agreements with and provide grants to qualified nonprofit organizations dedicated to conservation, forestry and wildlife habitats, that also have experience in conducting accurate forest inventory analysis through the use of advanced, costeffective technology. The Secretary shall focus the analysis on lands enrolled for at least eight years and located in areas with a substantial concentration of acres enrolled under conservation practices devoted to multiple bottomland hardwood tree species including CP03, CP03A, CP11, CP22, CP31 and CP40. SEC. 744. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out any activities or incur any expense related to the issuance of licenses under section 3 of the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2133), or the renewal of such licenses, to class B dealers who sell dogs and cats for use in research, experiments, teaching, or testing. SEC. 745. In addition to amounts otherwise made available by this Act and notwithstanding the last sentence of 16 U.S.C. 1310, there is appropriated $4,000,000, to remain available until expended, to implement non renewable agreements on eligible lands, including flooded agricultural lands, as determined by the Secretary, under the Water Bank Act (16 U.S.C. 1301–1311). SEC. 746. (a)(1) No Federal funds made available for this fiscal year for the rural water, waste water, waste disposal, and solid waste management programs authorized by sections 306, 306A, 306C, 306D, 306E, and 310B of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926 et seq.) shall be used for a project for the construction, alteration, maintenance, or repair of a public water or wastewater system unless all of the iron and steel products used in the project are produced in the United States. (2) In this section, the term ‘‘iron and steel products’’ means the following products made primarily of iron or steel: lined or unlined pipes and fittings, manhole covers and other municipal castings, hydrants, tanks, flanges, pipe clamps and restraints, valves, structural steel, reinforced precast concrete, and construction materials. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply in any case or category of cases in which the Secretary of Agriculture (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) or the designee of the Secretary finds that— (1) applying subsection (a) would be inconsistent with the public interest; (2) iron and steel products are not produced in the United States in sufficient and reasonably available quantities or of a satisfactory quality; or (3) inclusion of iron and steel products produced in the United States will increase the cost of the overall project by more than 25 percent. (c) If the Secretary or the designee receives a request for a waiver under this section, the Secretary or the designee shall make available to the public on an informal basis a copy of the request and information available to the Secretary or the designee concerning the request, and shall allow for informal public input on the request for at 
least 15 days prior to making a finding based on the request. The Secretary or the designee shall make the request and accompanying information available by electronic means, including on the official public Internet Web site of the Department. (d) This section shall be applied in a manner consistent with United States obligations under international agreements. (e) The Secretary may retain up to 0.25 percent of the funds appropriated in this Act for ‘‘Rural Utilities Service—Rural Water and Waste Disposal Program Account’’ for carrying out the provisions described in subsection (a)(1) for management and oversight of the requirements of this section. (f) Subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to a project for which the engineering plans and specifications include use of iron and steel products otherwise prohibited by such subsection if the plans and specifications have received required approvals from State agencies prior to the date of enactment of this Act. (g) For purposes of this section, the terms ‘‘United States’’ and ‘‘State’’ shall include each of the several States, the District of Columbia, and each federally recognized Indian tribe. SEC. 747. The Secretary shall set aside for Rural Economic Area Partnership (REAP) Zones, until August 15, 2018, an amount of funds made available in title III under the headings of Rural Housing Insurance Fund Program Account, Mutual and SelfHelp Housing Grants, Rural Housing Assistance Grants, Rural Community Facilities Program Account, Rural Business Program Account, Rural Development Loan Fund Program Account, and Rural Water and Waste Disposal Program Account, equal to the amount obligated in REAP Zones with respect to funds provided under such headings in the most recent fiscal year any such funds were obligated under such headings for REAP Zones. SEC. 748. For the purposes of determining eligibility or level of program assistance for Rural Development programs the Secretary shall not include incarcerated prison populations. SEC. 749. There is hereby appropriated $1,000,000, to remain available until expended, for a pilot program for the Secretary to provide grants to qualified nonprofit organizations and public housing authorities to provide technical assistance, including financial and legal services, to RHS multi family housing borrowers to facilitate the acquisition of RHS multifamily housing properties in areas where the Secretary determines a risk of loss of affordable housing, by nonprofit housing organizations and public housing authorities as authorized by law that commit to keep such properties in the RHS multifamily housing program for a period of time as determined by the Secretary. SEC. 750. Beginning on the date of enactment of this Act through fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding any other provision of law, any fee issued by the State’s Electronic Benefit Transfer contractor and subcontractors, including Affiliates of the contractor or subcontractor, related to the switching or routing of benefits for Department of Agriculture domestic food assistance programs shall be prohibited: Provided, That for purposes of this provision, the term ‘‘switching’’ means the routing of an intrastate or interstate transaction that consists of transmitting the details of a transaction electronically recorded through the use of an electronic benefit transfer card in one State to the issuer of the card that may be in the same or different State. SEC. 751. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pending before Congress, other than to communicate to Members of Congress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913. SEC. 752. (a) The Secretary of Agriculture (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall carry out a pilot program during fiscal year 2018 with respect to the 2017 crop year for countylevel agriculture risk coverage payments under section 1117(b)(1) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9017(b)(1)), that provides all or some of the State Farm Service Agency offices in each State the opportunity to provide agricultural producers in the State a supplemental payment described in subsection (c) based on the alternate calculation method described in subsection (b) for 1 or more counties in a State if the office for that State determines that the alternate calculation method is necessary to ensure that, to the maximum extent practicable, there are not significant yield calculation disparities between comparable counties in the State. (b) The alternate calculation method referred to in subsection (a) is a method of calculating the actual yield for the 2017 crop year for countylevel agriculture risk coverage payments under section 1117(b)(1) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9017(b)(1)), under which— (1) county data of the National Agricultural Statistics Service (referred to in this section as ‘‘NASS data’’) is used for the calculations; (2) if there is insufficient NASS data for a county (as determined under standards of the Secretary in effect as of the date of enactment of this Act) or the available NASS data produces a substantially disparate result, the calculation of the county yield is determined using comparable contiguous county NASS data as determined by the Farm Service Agency office in the applicable State; and (3) if there is insufficient NASS data for a comparable contiguous county (as determined under standards of the Secretary in effect as of the date of enactment of this Act), the calculation of the county yield is determined using reliable yield data from other sources, such as Risk Management Agency data, National Agricultural Statistics Service district data, National Agricultural Statistics Service State yield data, or other data as determined by the Farm Service Agency office in the applicable State. (c)(1) A supplemental payment made under the pilot program established under this section may be made to an agricultural producer who is subject to the alternate calculation method described in subsection (b) if that agricultural producer would otherwise receive a countylevel agriculture risk coverage payment for the 2017 crop year in an amount that is less than the payment that the agricultural producer would receive under the alternate calculation method. (2) The amount of a supplemental payment to an agricultural producer under this section may not exceed the difference between— (A) the payment that the agricultural producer would have received without the alternate calculation method described in subsection (b); and (B) the payment that the agricultural producer would receive using the alternate calculation method. (d)(1) There is appropriated to the Secretary, out of funds of the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, to carry out the pilot program described in this section. (2) Of the funds appropriated, the Secretary shall use not more than $5,000,000 to carry out the pilot program described in this section. (e)(1) To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall select States to participate in the pilot program under this section so the cost of the pilot program equals the amount provided under subsection (d). (2) To the extent that the cost of the pilot program exceeds the amount made available, the Secretary shall reduce all payments under the pilot program on a pro rata basis. (f) Nothing in this section affects the calculation of actual yield for purposes of countylevel agriculture risk coverage payments under section 1117(b)(1) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9017(b)(1)) other than payments made in accordance with the pilot program under this section. (g) A calculation of actual yield made using the alternate calculation method described in subsection (b) shall not be used as a basis for any agriculture risk coverage payment determinations under section 1117 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9017) other than for purposes of the pilot program under this section. SEC. 753. For an additional amount for ‘‘National Institute of Food and Agriculture—Research and Education Activities’’, $6,000,000, to be available until expended, for relocation expenses and for the alteration and repair of leased buildings and improvements pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2250: Pro vided, That not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the planned uses of this funding. SEC. 754. The Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary’s designees are hereby granted the same access to information and subject to the same requirements applicable to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development as provided in section 453 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 653) and section 6103(1)(7)(D)(ix) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 1603(1)(7)(D)(ix)) to verify the income for individuals participating in sections 502, 504, 521, and 524 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1972, 1474, 1490a, and 1490r), notwithstanding section 453(l)(1) of the Social Security Act. SEC. 755. In addition to amounts otherwise made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Domestic Food Programs—Food and Nutrition Services—Child Nutrition Programs’’, there is appropriated $2,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, to allow allied professional associations to develop a training program for school nutrition personnel that focuses on school food service meal preparation and workforce development. SEC. 756. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to procure raw or processed poultry products imported into the United States from the People’s Republic of China for use in the school lunch program under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.), the Child and Adult Care Food Program under section 17 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1766), the Summer Food Service Program for Children under section 13 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1761), or the school breakfast program under the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq.). SEC. 757. In response to an eligible community where the drinking water supplies are inadequate due to a natural disaster, as determined by the Secretary, including drought or severe weather, the Secretary may provide potable water through the Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant Program for an additional period of time not to exceed 120 days beyond the established period provided under the Program in order to protect public health. SEC. 758. Section 502(i) of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1472(i)), is amended by 
striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) AUTHORITY ; MAXIMUM AMOUNT .—To the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts, the Secretary may assess and collect a fee for a lender to access the automated underwriting systems of the Department in connection with such lender’s participation in the single family loan program under this section and only in an amount necessary to cover the costs of information technology enhancements, improvements, maintenance, and development for automated underwriting systems used in connection with the single family loan program under this section, except that such fee shall not exceed $50 per loan.’’. SEC. 759. Of the total amounts made available by this Act for direct loans and grants in the following headings: ‘‘Rural Housing Service—Rural Housing Insurance Fund Program Account’’; ‘‘Rural Housing Service— Mutual and SelfHelp Housing Grants’’; ‘‘Rural Economic Infrastructure Grants’’; ‘‘Rural Housing Service—Rural Community Facilities Program Account’’; ‘‘Rural BusinessCooperative Service—Rural Business Program Account’’; ‘‘Rural BusinessCooperative Service—Rural Economic Development Loans Program Account’’; ‘‘Rural Business Cooperative Service—Rural Cooperative Development Grants’’; ‘‘Rural Utilities Service—Rural Water and Waste Disposal Program Account’’; and ‘‘Rural Utilities Service—Rural Electrification and Telecommunications Loans Program Account’’, at least 10 percent of the funds shall be allocated for assistance in persistent poverty counties under this section, including, notwithstanding any other provision regarding population limits, any county seat of such a persistent poverty county that has a population that does not exceed the authorized population limit by more than 10 percent: Provided, That for purposes of this section, the term ‘‘persistent poverty counties’’ means any county that has had 20 percent or more of its population living in poverty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1980, 1990, and 2000 decennial censuses, and 2007–2011 American Community Survey 5year average: Provided further, That with respect to specific activities for which program levels have been made available by this Act that are not supported by budget authority, the requirements of this section shall be applied to such program level. SEC. 760. (a) No funds shall be used to finalize the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Eligibility of the People’s Republic of China (PRC) to Export to the United States Poultry Products from Birds Slaughtered in the PRC’’ published in the Federal Register by the Department of Agriculture on June 16, 2017 (82 Fed. Reg. 27625), unless the Secretary of Agriculture shall— (1) ensure that the poultry slaughter inspection system for the PRC is equivalent to that of the United States; (2) ensure that, before any poultry products can enter the United States from any such poultry plant, such poultry products comply with all other applicable requirements for poultry products in interstate commerce in the United States; (3) conduct periodic verification reviews and audits of any such plants in the PRC intending to export into the United States processed poultry products; (4) conduct reinspection of such poultry products at United States portsofentry to check the general condition of such products, for the proper certification and labeling of such products, and for any damage to such products that may have occurred during transportation; and (5) ensure that shipments of any such poultry products selected to enter the United States are subject to additional reinspection procedures at appropriate levels to verify that the products comply with relevant Federal regulations or standards, including examinations for product defects and laboratory analyses to detect harmful chemical residues or pathogen testing appropriate for the products involved. (b) This section shall be applied in a manner consistent with obligations of the United States under any trade agreement to which the United States is a party. SEC. 761. (a) Section 2 of the Watershed Protection and Flood Prevention Act (16 U.S.C. 1002) is amended in the matter following paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$25,000,000’’. (b) Section 5 of the Watershed Protection and Flood Prevention Act (16 U.S.C. 1005) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$25,000,000’’; and (2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$25,000,000’’. SEC. 762. In addition to funds appropriated in this Act, there is hereby appropriated $116,000,000, to remain available until expended, under the heading ‘‘Food for Peace Title II Grants’’: Provided, That the funds made available under this section shall be used for the purposes set forth in the Food for Peace Act for both emergency and non emergency purposes. SEC. 763. In addition to any other funds made available in this Act or any other Act, there is appropriated $5,000,000 to carry out section 18(g)(8) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1769(g)), to remain available until expended. SEC. 764. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Food and Drug Administration to develop, issue, promote, or advance any regulations applicable to food manufacturers for populationwide sodium reduction actions or to develop, issue, promote or advance final guidance applicable to food manufacturers for long term populationwide sodium reduction actions until the date on which a dietary reference intake report with respect to sodium is completed. SEC. 765. Pursuant to section 185 of Public Law 114–223 (as added by Public Law 114–254 (130 Stat. 1018)), the Secretary of Agriculture may provide financial and technical assistance to remove and dispose of debris and sediment that could adversely affect health and safety on nonFederal land in a floodaffected county or parish: Provided, That such assistance may be used to restore predisaster hydraulic capacity of the watershed: Provided further, That such assistance may not be used to correct an operation and maintenance issue that existed prior to the disaster. SEC. 766. Section 1244 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3844) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(m) EXEMPTION FROM CERTAIN REPORTING  REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) DEFINITION OF EXEMPTED PRODUCER .— In this subsection, the term ‘exempted producer’ means a producer or landowner eligible to participate in any conservation program administered by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) EXEMPTION .—Notwithstanding the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–282; 31 U.S.C. 6101 note), the requirements of parts 25 and 170 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations (and any successor regulations), shall not apply with respect to assistance received by an exempted producer from the Secretary, acting through the Natural Resources Conservation Service.’’. SEC. 767. There is hereby appropriated $600,000 for the purposes of section 727 of division A of Public Law 112–55. SEC. 768. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of— (1) section 9(b)(10) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1758(b)(10)); or (2) section 245.8 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations. SEC. 769. There is hereby appropriated $1,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for the cost of loans and grants that is consistent with section 4206 of the Agricultural Act of 2014, for necessary expenses of the Secretary to support projects that provide access to healthy food in underserved areas, to create and preserve quality jobs, and to revitalize lowincome communities. SEC. 770. During fiscal year 2018, the Food and Drug Administration shall not allow the introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce of any food that contains genetically engineered salmon until the FDA publishes final labeling guidelines for informing consumers of such content. SEC. 771. For an additional amount for ‘‘Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service—Salaries and Expenses’’, $7,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for onetime control and management and associated activities directly related to the multipleagency response to citrus greening. SEC. 772. (a) The Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6931) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Subtitle B—Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services’’ and inserting ‘‘Subtitle B—Farm Production and Conservation’’; and (2) by revising section 225 to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 225. UNDER SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE FOR FARM PRODUCTION AND CONSERVATION. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary is authorized to establish in the Department the position of Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm Production and Conservation. ‘‘(b) CONFIRMATION REQUIRED .—If the Secretary establishes the position of Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm Production and Conservation authorized under subsection (a), the Under Secretary shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. ‘‘(c) FUNCTIONS OF UNDERSECRETARY .—The Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm Production and Conservation shall perform such functions and duties as the Secretary shall prescribe. ‘‘(d) SUCCESSION .—Any official who is serving as Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services on the date of the enactment of this Act and who was appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall not be required to be reappointed under subsection (b) to the successor position authorized under subsection (a).’’. (b) Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm Production and Conservation.’’ and ‘‘Under Secretary of Agriculture for Trade and Foreign Agricultural Affairs.’’. SEC. 773. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enforce the final rule promulgated by the Food and Drug Administration entitled ‘‘Standards for the Growing, Harvesting, Packing, and Holding of Produce for Human Consumption,’’ and published on November 27, 2015, with respect to the regulation of the production, distribution, sale, or receipt of grape varietals that are grown, harvested and used solely for wine and receive commercial processing that adequately reduces the presence 
of microorganisms of public health significance. SEC. 774. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to revoke an exception made— (1) pursuant to the rule entitled ‘‘Exceptions to Geographic Areas for Official Agencies Under the USGSA’’ published by the Department of Agriculture in the Federal Register on April 18, 2003 (68 Fed. Reg. 19137, 19139); and (2) on a date before April 14, 2017. SEC. 775. There is hereby appropriated $20,000,000, to remain available until expended, for an additional amount for telemedicine and distance learning services in rural areas, as authorized by 7 U.S.C 950aaa et seq., to help address the opioid epidemic in rural America. SEC. 776. For school year 2018–2019, only a school food authority that had a negative balance in the nonprofit school food service account as of January 31, 2018, shall be required to establish a price for paid lunches in accordance with Section 12(p) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act, 42 U.S.C. 1760(p). SEC. 777. There is hereby appropriated $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for a pilot program for the National Institute of Food and Agriculture to provide grants to nonprofit organizations for programs and services to establish and enhance farming and ranching opportunities for military veterans. SEC. 778. For an additional amount for ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services—Food and Drug Administration—Salaries and Expenses’’, $94,000,000, to remain available until expended, in addition to amounts otherwise made available for necessary expenses of processing opioid and other articles imported or offered for import through international mail facilities of the U.S. Postal Service: Provided, That such additional amounts shall also be available for expanding and enhancing inspection capacity related to such processing activity (including but not limited to increasing staffing, obtaining necessary equipment and supplies, and expanding and upgrading infrastructure, laboratory facilities, and data libraries): Provided further, That amounts appropriated under this section shall be in addition to amounts otherwise made available for research and criminal investigations related to such import articles, and be available for enhancing such research and investigations: Provided further, That the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide quarterly reports to the Committees on Appropriations of the House and Senate on the obligation of amounts appropriated under this section. SEC. 779. For an additional amount for ‘‘Rural Utilities Service—Distance Learning, Telemedicine, and Broadband Program’’, $600,000,000, to remain available until expended, for the Secretary of Agriculture to conduct a new broadband loan and grant pilot program under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.): Pro vided, That for the purpose of the new pilot program, the authorities provided in such Act shall include the authority to make grants for such purposes, as described in section 601(a) of such Act: Provided further, That the cost of direct loans shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That at least 90 percent of the households to be served by a project receiving a loan or grant under the pilot program shall be in a rural area without sufficient access to broadband, defined for this pilot program as 10 Mbps downstream, and 1 Mbps upstream, which shall be reevaluated and redetermined, as necessary, on an annual basis by the Secretary of Agriculture: Provided further, That an entity to which a loan or grant is made under the pilot program shall not use the loan or grant to overbuild or duplicate broadband expansion efforts made by any entity that has received a broadband loan from the Rural Utilities Service: Provided further, That in addition to other available funds, not more than four percent of the funds can be used for administrative costs to carry out this pilot program and up to three percent may be utilized for technical assistance and predevelopment planning activities to support the most rural communities, which shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for ‘‘Rural Development, Salaries and Expenses’’: Provided further, That the Rural Utility Service is directed to expedite program delivery methods that would implement this section: Provided further, That for purposes of this section, the Secretary shall adhere to the notice, reporting and service area assessment requirements set forth in sections 6104(a)(2)(D) and 6104(a)(2)(E) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 950bb(d)(5), and 950bb(d)(8) and 950bb(d)(10)). SEC. 780. For an additional amount for the cost of direct loans and grants made under the ‘‘Rural Water and Waste Disposal Program Account’’, $500,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $495,000,000 shall be for grants. SEC. 781. The Secretary of Agriculture and the Commissioner of Food and Drugs shall— (1) post on a public Website in a searchable format information on competitive grant awards made using funds made available under an appropriations Act (other than funds appropriated to the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Forest Service, or funds provided under the heading ‘‘Food for Peace Title II Grants’’) that includes, with respect to each such award, the Congressional District corresponding to the State, District, Tribal jurisdiction, or territory of the United States in which the recipient of the funds is geographically located; and (2) not provide advance notification of such grant awards to any person outside of the Department of Agriculture or the Food and Drug Administration except potential awardees, until such information is posted, as described in paragraph (1). SEC. 782. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay the salaries or expenses of personnel— (1) to inspect horses under section 3 of the Federal Meat Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 603); (2) to inspect horses under section 903 of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 1901 note; Public Law 104–127); or (3) to implement or enforce section 352.19 of title 9, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regulation). SEC. 783. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel to carry out the Biomass Crop Assistance Program authorized by section 9011 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8111). This division may be cited as the ‘‘Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION B—COMMERCE, JUSTICE, SCIENCE, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE INTERNATIONAL TRADE ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS AND ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses for international trade activities of the Department of Commerce provided for by law, and for engaging in trade promotional activities abroad, including expenses of grants and cooperative agreements for the purpose of promoting exports of United States firms, without regard to sections 3702 and 3703 of title 44, United States Code; full medical coverage for dependent members of immediate families of employees stationed overseas and employees temporarily posted overseas; travel and transportation of employees of the International Trade Administration between two points abroad, without regard to section 40118 of title 49, United States Code; employment of citizens of the United States and aliens by contract for services; rental of space abroad for periods not exceeding 10 years, and expenses of alteration, repair, or improvement; purchase or construction of temporary demountable exhibition structures for use abroad; payment of tort claims, in the manner authorized in the first paragraph of section 2672 of title 28, United States Code, when such claims arise in foreign countries; not to exceed $294,300 for official representation expenses abroad; purchase of passenger motor vehicles for official use abroad, not to exceed $45,000 per vehicle; obtaining insurance on official motor vehicles; and rental of tie lines, $495,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which $13,000,000 is to be derived from fees to be retained and used by the International Trade Administration, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Pro vided, That, of amounts provided under this heading, not less than $16,400,000 shall be for China antidumping and countervailing duty enforcement and compliance activities: Pro vided further, That the provisions of the first sentence of section 105(f) and all of section 108(c) of the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2455(f) and 2458(c)) shall apply in carrying out these activities; and that for the purpose of this Act, contributions under the provisions of the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 shall include payment for assessments for services provided as part of these activities. BUREAU OF INDUSTRY AND SECURITY  
OPERATIONS AND ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses for export administration and national security activities of the Department of Commerce, including costs associated with the performance of export administration field activities both domestically and abroad; full medical coverage for dependent members of immediate families of employees stationed overseas; employment of citizens of the United States and aliens by contract for services abroad; payment of tort claims, in the manner authorized in the first paragraph of section 2672 of title 28, United States Code, when such claims arise in foreign countries; not to exceed $13,500 for official representation expenses abroad; awards of compensation to informers under the Export Administration Act of 1979, and as authorized by section 1(b) of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 223; 22 U.S.C. 401(b)); and purchase of passenger motor vehicles for official use and motor vehicles for law enforcement use with special requirement vehicles eligible for purchase without regard to any price limitation otherwise established by law, $113,500,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the provisions of the first sentence of section 105(f) and all of section 108(c) of the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2455(f) and 2458(c)) shall apply in carrying out these activities: Pro vided further, That payments and contributions collected and accepted for materials or services provided as part of such activities may be retained for use in covering the cost of such activities, and for providing information to the public with respect to the export 
administration and national security activities of the Department of Commerce and other export control programs of the United States and other governments. ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ADMINISTRATION  
PROGRAMS  For grants for economic development assistance as provided by the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965, for trade adjustment assistance, and for grants authorized by section 27 of the Stevenson Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3722), $262,500,000, to remain available until expended, of which $21,000,000 shall be for grants under such section 27. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of administering the economic development assistance programs as provided for by law, $39,000,000: Pro vided, That these funds may be used to monitor projects approved pursuant to title I of the Public Works Employment Act of 1976, title II of the Trade Act of 1974, section 27 of the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3722), and the Community Emergency Drought Relief Act of 1977. MINORITY BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT AGENCY  
MINORITY BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses of the Department of Commerce in fostering, promoting, and developing minority business enterprise, including expenses of grants, contracts, and other agreements with public or private organizations, $39,000,000. ECONOMIC AND STATISTICAL ANALYSIS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, as authorized by law, of economic and statistical analysis programs of the Department of Commerce, $99,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. BUREAU OF THE CENSUS  
CURRENT SURVEYS AND PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses for collecting, compiling, analyzing, preparing and publishing statistics, provided for by law, $270,000,000: Provided, That, from amounts provided herein, funds may be used for promotion, outreach, and marketing activities: Provided further, That the Bureau of the Census shall collect and analyze data for the Annual Social and Economic Supplement to the Current Population Survey using the same health insurance questions included in previous years, in addition to the revised questions implemented in the Current Population Survey beginning in February 2014. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for collecting, compiling, analyzing, preparing and publishing statistics for periodic censuses and programs provided for by law, $2,544,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That, from amounts provided herein, funds may be used for promotion, outreach, and marketing activities: Provided further, That within the amounts appropriated, $2,580,000 shall be transferred to the ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’ account for activities associated with carrying out investigations and audits related to the Bureau of the Census: Provided further, That not more than 50 percent of the amounts made available under this heading for information technology related to 2020 census delivery, including the Census Enterprise Data Collection and Processing (CEDCaP) program, may be obligated until the Secretary updates the previous expenditure plan and resubmits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a plan for expenditure that: (1) identifies for each CEDCaP project/investment over $25,000: (A) the functional and performance capabilities to be delivered and the mission benefits to be realized; (B) an updated estimated lifecycle cost, including cumulative expenditures to date by fiscal year, and all revised estimates for development, maintenance, and operations; (C) key milestones to be met; and (D) impacts of cost variances on other Census programs; (2) details for each project/investment: (A) reasons for any cost and schedule variances; and (B) top risks and mitigation strategies; and (3) has been submitted to the Government Accountability Office. NATIONAL TELECOMMUNICATIONS AND  INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, as provided for by law, of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA), $39,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1535(d), the Secretary of Commerce shall charge Federal agencies for costs incurred in spectrum management, analysis, operations, and related services, and such fees shall be retained and used as offsetting collections for costs of such spectrum services, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That the Secretary of Commerce is authorized to retain and use as offsetting collections all funds transferred, or previously transferred, from other Government agencies for all costs incurred in telecommunications research, engineering, and related activities by the Institute for Telecommunication Sciences of NTIA, in furtherance of its assigned functions under this paragraph, and such funds received from other Government agencies shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That $7,500,000 shall be to update the national broadband availability map in coordination with the Federal Communications Commission and using partnerships previously developed with the States. 
PLANNING AND CONSTRUCTION  For the administration of prioryear grants, recoveries and unobligated balances of funds previously appropriated are available for the administration of all open grants until their expiration. UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK  OFFICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) provided for by law, including defense of suits instituted against the Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the USPTO, $3,500,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as offsetting collections of fees and surcharges assessed and collected by the USPTO under any law are received during fiscal year 2018, so as to result in a fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund estimated at $0: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2018, should the total amount of such offsetting collections be less than $3,500,000,000 this amount shall be reduced accordingly: Provided further, That any amount received in excess of $3,500,000,000 in fiscal year 2018 and deposited in the Patent and Trademark Fee Reserve Fund shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the Director of USPTO shall submit a spending plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for any amounts made available by the preceding proviso and such spending plan shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That any amounts reprogrammed in accordance with the preceding proviso shall be transferred to the United States Patent and Trademark Office ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ account: Provided further, That from amounts provided herein, not to exceed $900 shall be made available in fiscal year 2018 for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That in fiscal year 2018 from the amounts made available for ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ for the USPTO, the amounts necessary to pay (1) the difference between the percentage of basic pay contributed by the USPTO and employees under section 8334(a) of title 5, United States Code, and the normal cost percentage (as defined by section 8331(17) of that title) as provided by the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) for USPTO’s specific use, of basic pay, of employees subject to subchapter III of chapter 83 of that title, and (2) the present value of the otherwise unfunded accruing costs, as determined by OPM for USPTO’s specific use of postretirement life insurance and postretirement health benefits coverage for all USPTO employees who are enrolled in Federal Employees Health Benefits (FEHB) and Federal Employees Group Life Insurance (FEGLI), shall be transferred to the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund, the FEGLI Fund, and the FEHB Fund, as appropriate, and shall be available for the authorized purposes of those accounts: Provided further, That any differences between the present value factors published in OPM’s yearly 300 series benefit letters and the factors that OPM provides for USPTO’s specific use shall be recognized as an imputed cost on USPTO’s financial statements, where applicable: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, all fees and surcharges assessed and collected by USPTO are available for USPTO only pursuant to section 42(c) of title 35, United States Code, as amended by section 22 of the Leahy Smith America Invents Act (Public Law 112– 29): Provided further, That within the amounts appropriated, $1,000,000 shall be transferred to the ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’ account for activities associated with carrying out investigations and audits related to the USPTO. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND  TECHNOLOGY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), $724,500,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $9,000,000 may be transferred to the ‘‘Working Capital Fund’’: Provided, That not to exceed $20,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That NIST may provide local transportation for summer undergraduate research fellowship program participants. 
INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGY SERVICES  For necessary expenses for industrial technology services, $155,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $140,000,000 shall be for the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership, and of which $15,000,000 shall be for the National Network for Manufacturing Innovation (also known as ‘‘Manufacturing USA’’). 
CONSTRUCTION OF RESEARCH FACILITIES  For construction of new research facilities, including architectural and engineering design, and for renovation and maintenance of 
existing facilities, not otherwise provided for the National Institute of Standards and Technology, as authorized by sections 13 through 15 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278c–278e), $319,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary of Commerce shall include in the budget justification materials that the Secretary submits to Congress in support of the Department of Commerce budget (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) an estimate for each National Institute of Standards and Technology construction project having a total multiyear program cost of more than $5,000,000, and simultaneously the budget justification materials shall include an estimate of the budgetary requirements for each such project for each of the 5 subsequent fiscal years. NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC  ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of activities authorized by law for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, including maintenance, operation, and hire of aircraft and vessels; pilot programs for stateled fisheries management, notwithstanding any other provision of law; grants, contracts, or other payments to nonprofit organizations for the purposes of conducting activities pursuant to cooperative agreements; and relocation of facilities, $3,536,331,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, except that funds provided for cooperative enforcement shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That fees and donations received by the National Ocean Service for the management of national marine sanctuaries may be retained and used for the salaries and expenses associated with those activities, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That in addition, $144,000,000 shall be derived by transfer from the fund entitled ‘‘Promote and Develop Fishery Products and Research Pertaining to American Fisheries’’, which shall only be used for fishery activities related to the SaltonstallKennedy Grant Program, Cooperative Research, Annual Stock Assessments, Survey and Monitoring Projects, Interjurisdictional Fisheries Grants, and Fish Information Networks: Pro vided further, That of the $3,697,831,000 provided for in direct obligations under this heading, $3,536,331,000 is appropriated from the general fund, $144,000,000 is provided by transfer, and $17,500,000 is derived from recoveries of prior year obligations: Provided further, That any deviation from the amounts designated for specific activities in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act), or any use of deobligated balances of funds provided under this heading in previous years, shall be subject to the procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act: Provided further, That in addition, for necessary retired pay expenses under the Retired Serviceman’s Family Protection and Survivor Benefits Plan, and for payments for the medical care of retired personnel and their dependents under the Dependents’ Medical Care Act (10 U.S.C. ch. 55), such sums as may be necessary. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For procurement, acquisition and construction of capital assets, including alteration and modification costs, of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, $2,290,684,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, except that funds provided for acquisition and construction of vessels and construction of facilities shall remain available until expended: Provided, That of the $2,303,684,000 provided for in direct obligations under this heading, $2,290,684,000 is appropriated from the general fund and $13,000,000 is provided from recoveries of prior year obligations: Provided further, That any deviation from the amounts designated for specific activities in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act), or any use of deobligated balances of funds provided under this heading in previous years, shall be subject to the procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act: Pro vided further, That the Secretary of Commerce shall include in budget justification materials that the Secretary submits to Congress in support of the Department of Commerce budget (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) an estimate for each National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration procurement, acquisition or construction project having a total of more than $5,000,000 and simultaneously the budget justification shall include an estimate of the budgetary requirements for each such project for each of the 5 subsequent fiscal years: Provided further, That, within the amounts appropriated, $1,302,000 shall be transferred to the ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’ account for activities associated with carrying out investigations and audits related to satellite procurement, acquisition and construction. PACIFIC COASTAL SALMON RECOVERY  For necessary expenses associated with the restoration of Pacific salmon populations, $65,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That, of the funds provided herein, the Secretary of Commerce may issue grants to the States of Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Nevada, California, and Alaska, and to the Federally recognized tribes of the Columbia River and Pacific Coast (including Alaska), for projects necessary for conservation of salmon and steelhead populations that are listed as threatened or endangered, or that are identified by a State as atrisk to be so listed, for maintaining populations necessary for exercise of tribal treaty fishing rights or native subsistence fishing, or for conservation of Pacific coastal salmon and steelhead habitat, based on guidelines to be developed by the Secretary of Commerce: Provided further, That all funds shall be allocated based on scientific and other merit principles and shall not be available for marketing activities: Provided further, That funds disbursed to States shall be subject to a matching requirement of funds or documented inkind contributions of at least 33 percent of the Federal funds. 
FISHERMEN ’S CONTINGENCY FUND  For carrying out the provisions of title IV of Public Law 95–372, not to exceed $349,000, to be derived from receipts collected pursuant to that Act, to remain available until expended. 
FISHERY DISASTER ASSISTANCE  For the necessary expenses associated with the mitigation of fishery disasters, $20,000,000 to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds shall be used for mitigating the effects of commercial fishery failures and fishery resource disasters as declared by the Secretary of Commerce. 
FISHERIES FINANCE PROGRAM ACCOUNT  Subject to section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, during fiscal year 2018, obligations of direct loans may not exceed $24,000,000 for Individual Fishing Quota loans and not to exceed $100,000,000 for traditional direct loans as authorized by the Merchant Marine Act of 1936. DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the management of the Department of Commerce provided for by law, including not to exceed $4,500 for official reception and representation, $63,000,000. 
RENOVATION AND MODERNIZATION  For necessary expenses for the renovation and modernization of the Herbert C. Hoover Building, $45,130,000, to remain available until expended. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $32,744,000. GENERAL PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF  COMMERCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 101. During the current fiscal year, applicable appropriations and funds made available to the Department of Commerce by this Act shall be available for the activities specified in the Act of October 26, 1949 (15 U.S.C. 1514), to the extent and in the manner prescribed by the Act, and, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3324, may be used for advanced payments not otherwise authorized only upon the certification of officials designated by the Secretary of Commerce that such payments are in the public interest. SEC. 102. During the current fiscal year, appropriations made available to the Department of Commerce by this Act for salaries and expenses shall be available for hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343 and 1344; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901– 5902). SEC. 103. Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of Commerce in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That the Secretary of Commerce shall notify the Committees on Appropriations at least 15 days in advance of the acquisition or disposal of any capital asset (including land, structures, and equipment) not specifically provided for in this Act or any other law appropriating funds for the Department of Commerce. SEC. 104. The requirements set forth by section 105 of the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–55), as amended by section 105 of title I of division B of Public Law 113–6, are hereby adopted by reference and made applicable with respect to fiscal year 2018: Provided, That the life cycle cost for the Joint Polar Satellite System is $11,322,125,000 and the life cycle cost for the Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite RSeries Program is $10,828,059,000. SEC. 105. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may furnish services (including but not limited to utilities, telecommunications, and security services) necessary to support the operation, maintenance, and improvement of space that persons, firms, or organizations are authorized, pursuant to the Public Buildings Cooperative Use Act of 1976 or other authority, to use or occupy in the Herbert C. Hoover Building, 
Washington, DC, or other buildings, the maintenance, operation, and protection of which has been delegated to the Secretary from the Administrator of General Services pursuant to the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis. Amounts received as reimbursement for services provided under this section or the authority under which the use or occupancy of the space is authorized, up to $200,000, shall be credited to the appropriation or fund which initially bears the costs of such services. SEC. 106. Nothing in this title shall be construed to prevent a grant recipient from deterring child pornography, copyright infringement, or any other unlawful activity over its networks. SEC. 107. The Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration is authorized to use, with their consent, with reimbursement and subject to the limits of available appropriations, the land, services, equipment, personnel, and facilities of any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States, or of any State, local government, Indian tribal government, Territory, or possession, or of any political subdivision thereof, or of any foreign government or international organization, for purposes related to carrying out the responsibilities of any statute administered by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. SEC. 108. The National Technical Information Service shall not charge any customer for a copy of any report or document generated by the Legislative Branch unless the Service has provided information to the customer on how an electronic copy of such report or document may be accessed and downloaded for free online. Should a customer still require the Service to provide a printed or digital copy of the report or document, the charge shall be limited to recovering the Service’s cost of processing, reproducing, and delivering such report or document. SEC. 109. The Secretary of Commerce may waive the requirement for bonds under 40 U.S.C. 3131 with respect to contracts for the construction, alteration, or repair of vessels, regardless of the terms of the contracts as to payment or title, when the contract is made under the Coast and Geodetic Survey Act of 1947 (33 U.S.C. 883a et seq.). SEC. 110. To carry out the responsibilities of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), the Administrator of NOAA is authorized to: (1) enter into grants and cooperative agreements with; (2) use on a nonreimbursable basis land, services, equipment, personnel, and facilities provided by; and (3) receive and expend funds made available on a consensual basis from: a Federal agency, State or subdivision thereof, local government, tribal government, territory, or possession or any subdivisions thereof: Provided, That funds received for permitting and related regulatory activities pursuant to this section shall be deposited under the heading ‘‘National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration—Operations, Research, and Facilities’’ and shall remain available until September 30, 2020, for such purposes: Provided further, That all funds within this section and their corresponding uses are subject to section 505 of this Act. SEC. 111. Amounts provided by this Act or by any prior appropriations Act that remain available for obligation, for necessary expenses of the programs of the Economics and Statistics Administration of the Department of Commerce, including amounts provided for programs of the Bureau of Economic Analysis and the Bureau of the Census, shall be available for expenses of cooperative agreements with appropriate entities, including any Federal, State, or local governmental unit, or institution of higher education, to aid and promote statistical, research, and methodology activities which further the purposes for which such amounts have been made available. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Commerce Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE GENERAL ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the administration of the Department of Justice, $114,000,000, of which not to exceed $4,000,000 for security and construction of Department of Justice facilities shall remain available until expended. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for information sharing technology, including planning, development, deployment and departmental direction, $35,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Attorney General may transfer up to $35,400,000 to this account, from funds available to the Department of Justice for information technology, to remain available until expended, for enterprisewide information technology initiatives: Provided further, That the transfer authority in the preceding proviso is in addition to any other transfer authority contained in this Act: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the first proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary for the administration of immigrationrelated activities of the Executive Office for Immigration Review, $504,500,000, of which $4,000,000 shall be derived by transfer from the Executive Office for Immigration Review fees deposited in the ‘‘Immigration Examinations Fee’’ account: Provided, That not to exceed $35,000,000 of the total amount made available under this heading shall remain available until expended. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General, $97,250,000, including not to exceed $10,000 to meet unforeseen emergencies of a confidential character. UNITED STATES PAROLE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the United States Parole Commission as authorized, $13,308,000: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, upon the expiration of a term of office of a Commissioner, the Commissioner may continue to act until a successor has been appointed. LEGAL ACTIVITIES  
ACTIVITIES  For expenses necessary for the legal activities of the Department of Justice, not otherwise provided for, including not to exceed $20,000 for expenses of collecting evidence, to be expended under the direction of, and to be accounted for solely under the certificate of, the Attorney General; the administration of pardon and clemency petitions; and rent of private or Governmentowned space in the District of Columbia, $897,500,000, of which not to exceed $20,000,000 for litigation support contracts shall remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount provided for INTERPOL Washington dues payments, not to exceed $685,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, not to exceed $9,000 shall be available to INTERPOL Washington for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attorney General that emergent circumstances require additional funding for litigation activities of the Civil Division, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to ‘‘Salaries and Expenses, General Legal Activities’’ from available appropriations for the current fiscal year for the Department of Justice, as may be necessary to respond to such circumstances: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That of the amount appropriated, such sums as may be necessary shall be available to the Civil Rights Division for salaries and expenses associated with the election monitoring program under section 8 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10305) and to reimburse the Office of Personnel Management for such salaries and expenses: Provided further, That of the amounts provided under this heading for the election monitoring program, $3,390,000 shall remain available until expended. In addition, for reimbursement of expenses of the Department of Justice associated with processing cases under the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986, not to exceed $10,000,000, to be appropriated from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund. SALARIES AND EXPENSES , ANTITRUST DIVISION  For expenses necessary for the enforcement of antitrust and kindred laws, $164,977,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, fees collected for premerger notification filings under the HartScottRodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (15 U.S.C. 18a), regardless of the year of collection (and estimated to be $126,000,000 in fiscal year 2018), shall be retained and used for necessary expenses in this appropriation, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2018, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund estimated at $38,977,000. 
ATTORNEYS  For necessary expenses of the Offices of the United States Attorneys, including inter governmental and cooperative agreements, $2,136,750,000: Provided, That of the total amount appropriated, not to exceed $7,200 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That not to exceed $25,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That each United States Attorney shall establish or participate in a task force on human trafficking. 
UNITED STATES TRUSTEE SYSTEM FUND  For necessary expenses of the United States Trustee Program, as authorized, $225,908,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, deposits to the United States Trustee System Fund and amounts herein appropriated shall be available in such amounts as may be necessary to pay refunds due depositors: Provided further, That, 
notwithstanding any other provision of law, fees collected pursuant to section 589a(b) of title 28, United States Code, shall be retained and used for necessary expenses in this appropriation and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That to the extent that fees collected in fiscal year 2018, net of amounts necessary to pay refunds due depositors, exceed $225,908,000, those excess amounts shall be available in future fiscal years only to the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced (1) as such fees are received during fiscal year 2018, net of amounts necessary to pay refunds due depositors, (estimated at $231,000,000) and (2) to the extent that any remaining general fund appropriations can be derived from amounts deposited in the Fund in previous fiscal years that are not otherwise appropriated, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund estimated at $0. 
SETTLEMENT COMMISSION  For expenses necessary to carry out the activities of the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission, including services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $2,409,000. 
FEES AND EXPENSES OF WITNESSES  For fees and expenses of witnesses, for expenses of contracts for the procurement and supervision of expert witnesses, for private counsel expenses, including advances, and for expenses of foreign counsel, $270,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $16,000,000 is for construction of buildings for protected witness safesites; not to exceed $3,000,000 is for the purchase and maintenance of armored and other vehicles for witness security caravans; and not to exceed $15,000,000 is for the purchase, installation, maintenance, and upgrade of secure telecommunications equipment and a secure automated information network to store and retrieve the identities and locations of protected witnesses: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading may not be transferred pursuant to section 205 of this Act. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Community Relations Service, $15,500,000: Provided, That notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attorney General that emergent circumstances require additional funding for conflict resolution and violence prevention activities of the Community Relations Service, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to the Community Relations Service, from available appropriations for the current fiscal year for the Department of Justice, as may be necessary to respond to such circumstances: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. 
ASSETS FORFEITURE FUND  For expenses authorized by subparagraphs (B), (F), and (G) of section 524(c)(1) of title 28, United States Code, $20,514,000, to be derived from the Department of Justice Assets Forfeiture Fund. UNITED STATES MARSHALS SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the United States Marshals Service, $1,311,492,000, of which not to exceed $6,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses, and not to exceed $15,000,000 shall remain available until expended. CONSTRUCTION  For construction in space controlled, occupied or utilized by the United States Marshals Service for prisoner holding and related support, $53,400,000, to remain available until expended. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses related to United States prisoners in the custody of the United States Marshals Service as authorized by section 4013 of title 18, United States Code, $1,536,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not to exceed $20,000,000 shall be considered ‘‘funds appropriated for State and local law enforcement assistance’’ pursuant to section 4013(b) of title 18, United States Code: Provided further, That the United States Marshals Service shall be responsible for managing the Justice Prisoner and Alien Transportation System: Provided further, That any unobligated balances available from funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘General Administration, Detention Trustee’’ shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation under this heading. NATIONAL SECURITY DIVISION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary to carry out the activities of the National Security Division, $101,031,000, of which not to exceed $5,000,000 for information technology systems shall remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attorney General that emergent circumstances require additional funding for the activities of the National Security Division, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to this heading from available appropriations for the current fiscal year for the Department of Justice, as may be necessary to respond to such circumstances: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. INTERAGENCY LAWENFORCEMENT  
INTERAGENCY CRIME AND DRUG ENFORCEMENT  For necessary expenses for the identification, investigation, and prosecution of individuals associated with the most significant drug trafficking organizations, transnational organized crime, and money laundering organizations not otherwise provided for, to include intergovernmental agreements with State and local law enforcement agencies engaged in the investigation and prosecution of individuals involved in transnational organized crime and drug trafficking, $542,850,000, of which $50,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That any amounts obligated from appropriations under this heading may be used under authorities available to the organizations reimbursed from this appropriation. FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Bureau of Investigation for detection, investigation, and prosecution of crimes against the United States, $9,030,202,000, of which not to exceed $216,900,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That not to exceed $184,500 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. 
CONSTRUCTION  For necessary expenses, to include the cost of equipment, furniture, and information technology requirements, related to construction or acquisition of buildings, facilities and sites by purchase, or as otherwise authorized by law; conversion, modification and extension of federally owned buildings; preliminary planning and design of projects; and operation and maintenance of secure work environment facilities and secure networking capabilities; $370,000,000, to remain available until expended. DRUGENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Drug Enforcement Administration, including not to exceed $70,000 to meet unforeseen emergencies of a confidential character pursuant to section 530C of title 28, United States Code; and expenses for conducting drug education and training programs, including travel and related expenses for participants in such programs and the distribution of items of token value that promote the goals of such programs, $2,190,326,000, of which not to exceed $75,000,000 shall remain available until expended and not to exceed $90,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. BUREAU OF ALCOHOL , TOBACCO , FIREARMS AND  EXPLOSIVES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, for training of State and local law enforcement agencies with or without reimbursement, including training in connection with the training and acquisition of canines for explosives and fire accelerants detection; and for provision of laboratory assistance to State and local law enforcement agencies, with or without reimbursement, $1,293,776,000, of which not to exceed $36,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses, not to exceed $1,000,000 shall be available for the payment of attorneys’ fees as provided by section 924(d)(2) of title 18, United States Code, and not to exceed $20,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated herein shall be available to investigate or act upon applications for relief from Federal firearms disabilities under section 925(c) of title 18, United States Code: Provided further, That such funds shall be available to investigate and act upon applications filed by corporations for relief from Federal firearms disabilities under section 925(c) of title 18, United States Code: Pro vided further, That no funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to transfer the functions, missions, or activities of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives to other agencies or Departments. FEDERAL PRISON SYSTEM  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Federal Prison System for the administration, operation, and maintenance of Federal penal and correctional institutions, and for the provision of technical assistance and advice on corrections related issues to foreign governments, $7,114,000,000: Provided, That the Attorney General may transfer to the Department of Health and Human Services such amounts as may be necessary for direct expenditures by that Department for medical relief for inmates of Federal penal and correctional institutions: Provided further, That the Director of the Federal Prison System, where necessary, may enter into contracts with a fiscal agent or fiscal intermediary claims processor to determine the amounts payable to persons who, on behalf of the Federal Prison System, furnish health services to individuals committed to the custody of the Federal 
Prison System: Provided further, That not to exceed $5,400 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses: Pro vided further, That not to exceed $50,000,000 shall remain available for necessary operations until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That, of the amounts provided for contract confinement, not to exceed $20,000,000 shall remain available until expended to make payments in advance for grants, contracts and reimbursable agreements, and other expenses: Provided further, That the Director of the Federal Prison System may accept donated property and services relating to the operation of the prison card program from a notforprofit entity which has operated such program in the past, notwithstanding the fact that such notforprofit entity furnishes services under contracts to the Federal Prison System relating to the operation of prerelease services, halfway houses, or other custodial facilities. 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For planning, acquisition of sites and construction of new facilities; purchase and acquisition of facilities and remodeling, and equipping of such facilities for penal and correctional use, including all necessary expenses incident thereto, by contract or force account; and constructing, remodeling, and equipping necessary buildings and facilities at existing penal and correctional institutions, including all necessary expenses incident thereto, by contract or force account, $161,571,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That labor of United States prisoners may be used for work performed under this appropriation. 
FEDERAL PRISON INDUSTRIES , INCORPORATED  The Federal Prison Industries, Incorporated, is hereby authorized to make such expenditures within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available, and in accord with the law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the program set forth in the budget for the current fiscal year for such corporation. 
FEDERAL PRISON INDUSTRIES , INCORPORATED  Not to exceed $2,700,000 of the funds of the Federal Prison Industries, Incorporated, shall be available for its administrative expenses, and for services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, to be computed on an accrual basis to be determined in accordance with the corporation’s current prescribed accounting system, and such amounts shall be exclusive of depreciation, payment of claims, and expenditures which such accounting system requires to be capitalized or charged to cost of commodities acquired or produced, including selling and shipping expenses, and expenses in connection with acquisition, construction, operation, maintenance, improvement, protection, or disposition of facilities and other property belonging to the corporation or in which it has an interest. STATE AND LOCAL LAWENFORCEMENT  ACTIVITIES  OFFICE ON VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other assistance for the prevention and prosecution of violence against women, as authorized by the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10101 et seq.) (‘‘the 1968 Act’’); the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–322) (‘‘the 1994 Act’’); the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–647) (‘‘the 1990 Act’’); the Prosecutorial Remedies and Other Tools to end the Exploitation of Children Today Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–21); the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (34 U.S.C. 11101 et seq.) (‘‘the 1974 Act’’); the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–386) (‘‘the 2000 Act’’); the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–162) (‘‘the 2005 Act’’); the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–4) (‘‘the 2013 Act’’); and the Rape Survivor Child Custody Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–22) (‘‘the 2015 Act’’); and for related victims services, $492,000,000, to remain available until expended, which shall be derived by transfer from amounts available for obligation in this Act from the Fund established by section 1402 of chapter XIV of title II of Public Law 98–473 (34 U.S.C. 20101), notwithstanding section 1402(d) of such Act of 1984, and merged with the amounts otherwise made available under this heading: Provided, That except as otherwise provided by law, not to exceed 5 percent of funds made available under this heading may be used for expenses related to evaluation, training, and technical assistance: Provided further, That of the amount provided— (1) $215,000,000 is for grants to combat violence against women, as authorized by part T of the 1968 Act; (2) $35,000,000 is for transitional housing assistance grants for victims of domestic violence, dating violence, stalking, or sexual assault as authorized by section 40299 of the 1994 Act; (3) $3,500,000 is for the National Institute of Justice for research and evaluation of violence against women and related issues addressed by grant programs of the Office on Violence Against Women, which shall be transferred to ‘‘Research, Evaluation and Statistics’’ for administration by the Office of Justice Programs; (4) $11,000,000 is for a grant program to provide services to advocate for and respond to youth victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking; assistance to children and youth exposed to such violence; programs to engage men and youth in preventing such violence; and assistance to middle and high school students through education and other services related to such violence: Provided, That unobligated balances available for the programs authorized by sections 41201, 41204, 41303, and 41305 of the 1994 Act, prior to its amendment by the 2013 Act, shall be available for this program: Pro vided further, That 10 percent of the total amount available for this grant program shall be available for grants under the program authorized by section 2015 of the 1968 Act: Provided further, That the definitions and grant conditions in section 40002 of the 1994 Act shall apply to this program; (5) $53,000,000 is for grants to encourage arrest policies as authorized by part U of the 1968 Act, of which $4,000,000 is for a homicide reduction initiative; (6) $35,000,000 is for sexual assault victims assistance, as authorized by section 41601 of the 1994 Act; (7) $40,000,000 is for rural domestic violence and child abuse enforcement assistance grants, as authorized by section 40295 of the 1994 Act; (8) $20,000,000 is for grants to reduce violent crimes against women on campus, as authorized by section 304 of the 2005 Act; (9) $45,000,000 is for legal assistance for victims, as authorized by section 1201 of the 2000 Act; (10) $5,000,000 is for enhanced training and services to end violence against and abuse of women in later life, as authorized by section 40802 of the 1994 Act; (11) $16,000,000 is for grants to support families in the justice system, as authorized by section 1301 of the 2000 Act: Provided, That unobligated balances available for the programs authorized by section 1301 of the 2000 Act and section 41002 of the 1994 Act, prior to their amendment by the 2013 Act, shall be available for this program; (12) $6,000,000 is for education and training to end violence against and abuse of women with disabilities, as authorized by section 1402 of the 2000 Act; (13) $500,000 is for the National Resource Center on Workplace Responses to assist victims of domestic violence, as authorized by section 41501 of the 1994 Act; (14) $1,000,000 is for analysis and research on violence against Indian women, including as authorized by section 904 of the 2005 Act: Provided, That such funds may be transferred to ‘‘Research, Evaluation and Statistics’’ for administration by the Office of Justice Programs; (15) $500,000 is for a national clearinghouse that provides training and technical assistance on issues relating to sexual assault of American Indian and Alaska Native women; (16) $4,000,000 is for grants to assist tribal governments in exercising special domestic violence criminal jurisdiction, as authorized by section 904 of the 2013 Act: Provided, That the grant conditions in section 40002(b) of the 1994 Act shall apply to this program; and (17) $1,500,000 for the purposes authorized under the 2015 Act. OFFICE OF JUSTICE PROGRAMS  
RESEARCH , EVALUATION AND STATISTICS  For grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other assistance authorized by title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (‘‘the 1968 Act’’); the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (‘‘the 1974 Act’’); the Missing Children’s Assistance Act (34 U.S.C. 11291 et seq.); the Prosecutorial Remedies and Other Tools to end the Exploitation of Children Today Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–21); the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108– 405); the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–162) (‘‘the 2005 Act’’); the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–647); the Second Chance Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–199); the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (Public Law 98–473); the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248) (‘‘the Adam Walsh Act’’); the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–401); subtitle D of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296) (‘‘the 2002 Act’’); the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–180); the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–4) (‘‘the 2013 Act’’); and other programs, $90,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which— (1) $48,000,000 is for criminal justice statistics programs, and other activities, as authorized by part C of title I of the 1968 Act, of which $5,000,000 is for a nationwide incidentbased crime statistics program; and (2) $42,000,000 is for research, development, and evaluation programs, and other activities as authorized by part B of title I of the 1968 Act and subtitle D of title II of the 2002 Act, of which $4,000,000 is for research targeted toward developing a better understanding of the domestic radicalization phenomenon, and advancing evidencebased strategies for effective intervention and prevention. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other assistance authorized by the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–322) (‘‘the 1994 Act’’); the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (‘‘the 1968 Act’’); the Justice for All Act of 2004 (Public Law 108– 405); the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–647) (‘‘the 1990 Act’’); the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–164); the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–162) (‘‘the 2005 Act’’); the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248) (‘‘the Adam Walsh Act’’); the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (Public Law 106– 386); the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–180); subtitle D of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296) (‘‘the 2002 Act’’); the Second Chance Act of 2007 (Public Law 110– 199); the Prioritizing Resources and Organization for Intellectual Property Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–403); the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (Public Law 98–473); the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Reauthorization and Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–416); the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–4) (‘‘the 2013 Act’’); the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–198) (‘‘CARA’’); the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–324); and other programs, $1,677,500,000, to remain available until expended as follows— (1) $415,500,000 for the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant program as authorized by subpart 1 of part E of title I of the 1968 Act (except that section 1001(c), and the special rules for Puerto Rico under section 505(g) of title I of the 1968 Act shall not apply for purposes of this Act), of which, notwithstanding such subpart 1, $10,000,000 is for the Officer Robert Wilson III Memorial Initiative on Preventing Violence Against Law Enforcement Officer Resilience and Survivability (VALOR), $5,000,000 is for an initiative to support evidencebased policing, $2,500,000 is for an initiative to enhance prosecutorial decisionmaking, $2,400,000 is for the operationalization, maintenance and expansion of the National Missing and Unidentified Persons System, $2,500,000 is for a national training initiative to improve police based responses to people with mental illness or developmental disabilities, $20,000,000 is for competitive and evidencebased programs to reduce gun crime and gang violence, $2,000,000 is for a student loan repayment assistance program pursuant to section 952 of Public Law 110–315, $15,500,000 is for prison rape prevention and prosecution grants to states and units of local government, and other programs, as authorized by the Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–79), and $16,000,000 is for emergency law enforcement assistance for events occurring during or after fiscal year 2018, as authorized by section 609M of the Justice Assistance Act of 1984 (34 U.S.C. 50101); (2) $240,000,000 for the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program, as authorized by section 241(i)(5) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(i)(5)): Provided, That no jurisdiction shall request compensation for any cost greater than the actual cost for Federal immigration and other detainees housed in State and local detention facilities; (3) $77,000,000 for victim services programs for victims of trafficking, as authorized by section 107(b)(2) of Public Law 106–386, for programs authorized under Public Law 109– 164, or programs authorized under Public Law 113–4; (4) $3,000,000 for the Capital Litigation Improvement Grant Program, as authorized by section 426 of Public Law 108–405, and for grants for wrongful conviction review; (5) $14,000,000 for economic, high technology, white collar and Internet crime prevention grants, including as authorized by section 401 of Public Law 110–403; (6) $20,000,000 for sex offender management assistance, as authorized by the Adam Walsh Act, and related activities; (7) $22,500,000 for the matching grant program for law enforcement armor vests, as authorized by section 2501 of title I of the 1968 Act: Provided, That $1,500,000 is transferred directly to the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s Office of Law Enforcement Standards for research, testing and evaluation programs; (8) $1,000,000 for the National Sex Offender Public Website; (9) $75,000,000 for grants to States to upgrade criminal and mental health records for the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, of which no less than $25,000,000 shall be for grants made under the authorities of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (Public Law 110– 180); (10) $30,000,000 for Paul Coverdell Forensic Sciences Improvement Grants under part BB of title I of the 1968 Act; (11) $130,000,000 for DNArelated and forensic programs and activities, of which— (A) $120,000,000 is for a DNA analysis and capacity enhancement program and for other local, State, and Federal forensic activities, including the purposes authorized under section 2 of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–546) (the Debbie Smith DNA Backlog Grant Program): Provided, That up to 4 percent of funds made available under this paragraph may be used for the purposes described in the DNA Training and Education for Law Enforcement, Correctional Personnel, and Court Officers program (Public Law 108–405, section 303); (B) $6,000,000 is for the purposes described in the Kirk Bloodsworth PostConviction DNA Testing Grant Program (Public Law 108–405, section 412); and (C) $4,000,000 is for Sexual Assault Forensic Exam Program grants, including as authorized by section 304 of Public Law 108–405; (12) $47,500,000 for a grant program for communitybased sexual assault response reform; (13) $12,000,000 for the courtappointed special advocate program, as authorized by section 217 of the 1990 Act; (14) $35,000,000 for assistance to Indian tribes; (15) $85,000,000 for offender reentry programs and research, as authorized by the Second Chance Act of 2007 (Public Law 110– 199), without regard to the time limitations specified at section 6(1) of such Act, of which not to exceed $6,000,000 is for a program to improve State, local, and tribal probation or parole supervision efforts and strategies, $5,000,000 is for Children of Incarcerated Parents Demonstrations to enhance and maintain parental and family relationships for incarcerated parents as a reentry or recidivism reduction strategy, and $4,000,000 is for additional replication sites employing the Project HOPE Opportunity Probation with Enforcement model implementing swift and certain sanctions in probation, and for a research project on the effectiveness of the model: Provided, That up to $7,500,000 of funds made available in this paragraph may be used for performancebased awards for Pay for Success projects, of which up to $5,000,000 shall be for Pay for Success programs implementing the Permanent Supportive Housing Model; (16) $75,000,000 for the Comprehensive School Safety Initiative; (17) $65,000,000 for initiatives to improve policecommunity relations, of which $22,500,000 is for a competitive matching grant program for purchases of bodyworn cameras for State, local and tribal law enforcement, $25,000,000 is for a justice reinvestment initiative, for activities related to criminal justice reform and recidivism reduction, and $17,500,000 is for an Edward Byrne Memorial criminal justice innovation program; and (18) $330,000,000 for comprehensive opioid abuse reduction activities, including as authorized by CARA, and for the following programs, which shall address opioid abuse reduction consistent with underlying program authorities— (A) $75,000,000 for Drug Courts, as authorized by section 1001(a)(25)(A) of title I of the 1968 Act; (B) $30,000,000 for mental health courts and adult and juvenile collaboration program grants, as authorized by parts V and HH of title I of the 1968 Act, and the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Reauthorization and Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–416); (C) $30,000,000 for grants for Residential Substance Abuse Treatment for State Prisoners, as authorized by part S of title I of the 1968 Act; (D) $20,000,000 for a veterans treatment courts program; (E) $30,000,000 for a program to monitor prescription drugs and scheduled listed chemical products; and (F) $145,000,000 for a comprehensive opioid abuse program: Provided, That, if a unit of local government uses any of the funds made available under this heading to increase the number of law enforcement officers, the unit of local government will achieve a net gain in the number of law enforcement officers who perform nonadministrative public sector safety service. 
JUVENILE JUSTICE PROGRAMS  For grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other assistance authorized by the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (‘‘the 1974 Act’’); the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (‘‘the 1968 Act’’); the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–162) (‘‘the 2005 Act’’); the Missing Children’s Assistance Act (34 U.S.C. 11291 et seq.); the Prosecutorial Remedies and Other Tools to end the Exploitation of Children Today Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–21); the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–647) (‘‘the 1990 Act’’); the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248) (‘‘the Adam Walsh Act’’); the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–401); the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–4) (‘‘the 2013 Act’’); the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016 (Public Law 114324); and other juvenile justice programs, $282,500,000, to remain available until expended as follows— (1) $60,000,000 for programs authorized by section 221 of the 1974 Act, and for training and technical assistance to assist small, nonprofit organizations with the Federal grants process: Provided, That of the amounts provided under this paragraph, $500,000 shall be for a competitive demonstration grant program to support emergency planning among State, local and tribal juvenile justice residential facilities; (2) $94,000,000 for youth mentoring grants; 
(3) $27,500,000 for delinquency prevention, as authorized by section 505 of the 1974 Act, of which, pursuant to sections 261 and 262 thereof— (A) $5,000,000 shall be for the Tribal Youth Program; (B) $4,000,000 shall be for gang and youth violence education, prevention and intervention, and related activities; (C) $500,000 shall be for an Internet site providing information and resources on children of incarcerated parents; (D) $2,000,000 shall be for competitive grants focusing on girls in the juvenile justice system; (E) $8,000,000 shall be for communitybased violence prevention initiatives, including for public health approaches to reducing shootings and violence; and (F) $8,000,000 shall be for an opioidaffected youth initiative; (4) $21,000,000 for programs authorized by the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990; (5) $76,000,000 for missing and exploited children programs, including as authorized by sections 404(b) and 405(a) of the 1974 Act (except that section 102(b)(4)(B) of the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–401) shall not apply for purposes of this Act); (6) $2,000,000 for child abuse training programs for judicial personnel and practitioners, as authorized by section 222 of the 1990 Act; and (7) $2,000,000 for a program to improve juvenile indigent defense: Provided, That not more than 10 percent of each amount may be used for research, evaluation, and statistics activities designed to benefit the programs or activities authorized: Provided further, That not more than 2 percent of the amounts designated under paragraphs (1) through (3) and (6) may be used for training and technical assistance: Provided further, That the two preceding provisos shall not apply to grants and projects administered pursuant to sections 261 and 262 of the 1974 Act and to missing and exploited children programs. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For payments and expenses authorized under section 1001(a)(4) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, such sums as are necessary (including amounts for administrative costs), to remain available until expended; and $24,800,000 for payments authorized by section 1201(b) of such Act and for educational assistance authorized by section 1218 of such Act, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding section 205 of this Act, upon a determination by the Attorney General that emergent circumstances require additional funding for such disability and education payments, the Attorney General may transfer such amounts to ‘‘Public Safety Officer Benefits’’ from available appropriations for the Department of Justice as may be necessary to respond to such circumstances: Provided further, That any transfer pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. COMMUNITY ORIENTED POLICING SERVICES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For activities authorized by the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–322); the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (‘‘the 1968 Act’’); and the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–162) (‘‘the 2005 Act’’), $275,500,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That any balances made available through prior year deobligations shall only be available in accordance with section 505 of this Act: Provided further, That of the amount provided under this heading— (1) $225,500,000 is for grants under section 1701 of title I of the 1968 Act (34 U.S.C. 10381) for the hiring and rehiring of additional career law enforcement officers under part Q of such title notwithstanding subsection (i) of such section: Provided, That, notwithstanding section 1704(c) of such title (34 U.S.C. 10384(c)), funding for hiring or rehiring a career law enforcement officer may not exceed $125,000 unless the Director of the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services grants a waiver from this limitation: Provided further, That within the amounts appropriated under this paragraph, $30,000,000 is for improving tribal law enforcement, including hiring, equipment, training, antimethamphetamine activities, and antiopioid activities: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this paragraph, $10,000,000 is for community policing development activities in furtherance of the purposes in section 1701: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this paragraph $36,000,000 is for regional information sharing activities, as authorized by part M of title I of the 1968 Act, which shall be transferred to and merged with ‘‘Research, Evaluation, and Statistics’’ for administration by the Office of Justice Programs; (2) $10,000,000 is for activities authorized by the POLICE Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–199); (3) $8,000,000 is for competitive grants to State law enforcement agencies in States with high seizures of precursor chemicals, finished methamphetamine, laboratories, and laboratory dump seizures: Provided, That funds appropriated under this paragraph shall be utilized for investigative purposes to locate or investigate illicit activities, including precursor diversion, laboratories, or methamphetamine traffickers; and (4) $32,000,000 is for competitive grants to statewide law enforcement agencies in States with high rates of primary treatment admissions for heroin and other opioids: Pro vided, That these funds shall be utilized for investigative purposes to locate or investigate illicit activities, including activities related to the distribution of heroin or unlawful distribution of prescription opioids, or unlawful heroin and prescription opioid traffickers through statewide collaboration. GENERAL PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF  JUSTICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 201. In addition to amounts otherwise made available in this title for official reception and representation expenses, a total of not to exceed $50,000 from funds appropriated to the Department of Justice in this title shall be available to the Attorney General for official reception and representation expenses. SEC. 202. None of the funds appropriated by this title shall be available to pay for an abortion, except where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term, or in the case of rape or incest: Pro vided, That should this prohibition be declared unconstitutional by a court of competent jurisdiction, this section shall be null and void. SEC. 203. None of the funds appropriated under this title shall be used to require any person to perform, or facilitate in any way the performance of, any abortion. SEC. 204. Nothing in the preceding section shall remove the obligation of the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to provide escort services necessary for a female inmate to receive such service outside the Federal facility: Provided, That nothing in this section in any way diminishes the effect of section 203 intended to address the philosophical beliefs of individual employees of the Bureau of Prisons. SEC. 205. Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of Justice in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. SEC. 206. None of the funds made available under this title may be used by the Federal Bureau of Prisons or the United States Marshals Service for the purpose of transporting an individual who is a prisoner pursuant to conviction for crime under State or Federal law and is classified as a maximum or high security prisoner, other than to a prison or other facility certified by the Federal Bureau of Prisons as appropriately secure for housing such a prisoner. SEC. 207. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by Federal prisons to purchase cable television services, or to rent or purchase audiovisual or electronic media or equipment used primarily for recreational purposes. (b) Subsection (a) does not preclude the rental, maintenance, or purchase of audiovisual or electronic media or equipment for inmate training, religious, or educational programs. SEC. 208. None of the funds made available under this title shall be obligated or expended for any new or enhanced information technology program having total estimated development costs in excess of $100,000,000, unless the Deputy Attorney General and the investment review board certify to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that the information technology program has appropriate program management controls and contractor oversight mechanisms in place, and that the program is compatible with the enterprise architecture of the Department of Justice. SEC. 209. The notification thresholds and procedures set forth in section 505 of this Act shall apply to deviations from the amounts designated for specific activities in this Act and in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act), and to any use of deobligated balances of funds provided under this title in previous years. SEC. 210. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to plan for, begin, continue, finish, process, or approve a public private competition under the Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 or any successor administrative regulation, directive, or policy for work performed by employees of the Bureau of Prisons or of Federal Prison Industries, Incorporated. SEC. 211. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds shall be available for the salary, benefits, or expenses of any United States Attorney assigned dual or additional responsibilities by the Attorney General or his designee that exempt that United States Attorney from the residency requirements of section 545 of title 28, United States Code. SEC. 212. At the discretion of the Attorney General, and in addition to any amounts that otherwise may be available (or authorized to be made available) by law, with respect to funds appropriated by this title 
under the headings ‘‘Research, Evaluation and Statistics’’, ‘‘State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance’’, and ‘‘Juvenile Justice Programs’’— (1) up to 3 percent of funds made available to the Office of Justice Programs for grant or reimbursement programs may be used by such Office to provide training and technical assistance; and (2) up to 2 percent of funds made available for grant or reimbursement programs under such headings, except for amounts appropriated specifically for research, evaluation, or statistical programs administered by the National Institute of Justice and the Bureau of Justice Statistics, shall be transferred to and merged with funds provided to the National Institute of Justice and the Bureau of Justice Statistics, to be used by them for research, evaluation, or statistical purposes, without regard to the authorizations for such grant or reimbursement programs. SEC. 213. Upon request by a grantee for whom the Attorney General has determined there is a fiscal hardship, the Attorney General may, with respect to funds appropriated in this or any other Act making appropriations for fiscal years 2015 through 2018 for the following programs, waive the following requirements: (1) For the adult and juvenile offender State and local reentry demonstration projects under part FF of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10631 et seq.), the requirements under section 2976(g)(1) of such part (34 U.S.C. 10631(g)(1)). (2) For State, Tribal, and local reentry courts under part FF of title I of such Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10631 et seq.), the requirements under section 2978(e)(1) and (2) of such part (34 U.S.C. 10633(e)(1) and (2)). (3) For the prosecution drug treatment alternatives to prison program under part CC of title I of such Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10581), the requirements under the second sentence of section 2901(f) of such part (34 U.S.C. 10581(f)). SEC. 214. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, section 20109(a) of subtitle A of title II of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12109(a)) shall not apply to amounts made available by this or any other Act. SEC. 215. None of the funds made available under this Act, other than for the national instant criminal background check system established under section 103 of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act (34 U.S.C. 40901), may be used by a Federal law enforcement officer to facilitate the transfer of an operable firearm to an individual if the Federal law enforcement officer knows or suspects that the individual is an agent of a drug cartel, unless law enforcement personnel of the United States continuously monitor or control the firearm at all times. SEC. 216. (a) None of the income retained in the Department of Justice Working Capital Fund pursuant to title I of Public Law 102– 140 (105 Stat. 784; 28 U.S.C. 527 note) shall be available for obligation during fiscal year 2018, except up to $40,000,000 may be obligated for implementation of a unified Department of Justice financial management system. (b) Not to exceed $30,000,000 of the unobligated balances transferred to the capital account of the Department of Justice Working Capital Fund pursuant to title I of Public Law 102–140 (105 Stat. 784; 28 U.S.C. 527 note) shall be available for obligation in fiscal year 2018, and any use, obligation, transfer or allocation of such funds shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act. (c) Not to exceed $10,000,000 of the excess unobligated balances available under section 524(c)(8)(E) of title 28, United States Code, shall be available for obligation during fiscal year 2018, and any use, obligation, transfer or allocation of such funds shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act. SEC. 217. Discretionary funds that are made available in this Act for the Office of Justice Programs may be used to participate in Performance Partnership Pilots authorized under section 526 of division H of Public Law 113–76, section 524 of division G of Public Law 113–235, section 525 of division H of Public Law 114–113, and such authorities as are enacted for Performance Partnership Pilots in an appropriations Act for fiscal years 2017 and 2018. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Justice Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE III SCIENCE OFFICE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY POLICY  For necessary expenses of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, in carrying out the purposes of the National Science and Technology Policy, Organization, and Priorities Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), hire of passenger motor vehicles, and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, not to exceed $2,250 for official reception and representation expenses, and rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, $5,544,000. NATIONAL SPACE COUNCIL  For necessary expenses of the National Space Council, in carrying out the purposes of Title V of Public Law 100685 and Executive Order 13803, hire of passenger motor vehicles, and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, not to exceed $2,250 for official reception and representation expenses, $1,965,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the National Space Council may accept personnel support from Federal agencies, departments, and offices, and such Federal agencies, departments, and offices may detail staff without reimbursement to the National Space Council for purposes provided herein. NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE  ADMINISTRATION  
SCIENCE  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of science research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $6,221,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That the formulation and development costs (with development cost as defined under section 30104 of title 51, United States Code) for the James Webb Space Telescope shall not exceed $8,000,000,000: Provided further, That should the individual identified under subsection (c)(2)(E) of section 30104 of title 51, United States Code, as responsible for the James Webb Space Telescope determine that the development cost of the program is likely to exceed that limitation, the individual shall immediately notify the Administrator and the increase shall be treated as if it meets the 30 percent threshold described in subsection (f) of section 30104: Provided further, That, of the amounts provided, $595,000,000 is for an orbiter and a lander to meet the science goals for the Jupiter Europa mission as outlined in the most recent planetary science decadal survey: Provided further, That the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall use the Space Launch System as the launch vehicles for the Jupiter Europa mission, plan for an orbiter launch no later than 2022 and a lander launch no later than 2024, and include in the fiscal year 2020 budget the 5year funding profile necessary to achieve these goals. AERONAUTICS  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of aeronautics research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $685,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
SPACE TECHNOLOGY  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of space technology research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $760,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That $130,000,000 shall be for RESTORE. 
EXPLORATION  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of exploration research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $4,790,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not less than $1,350,000,000 shall be for the Orion Multi Purpose Crew Vehicle: Provided further, That not less than $2,150,000,000 shall be for the Space Launch System (SLS) launch vehicle, which shall have a lift capability not less than 130 metric tons and which shall have core elements and an Exploration Upper Stage developed simultaneously: Provided further, That of the amounts provided for SLS, not less than $300,000,000 shall be for Exploration Upper Stage development: Pro vided further, That $895,000,000 shall be for Exploration Ground Systems, including $350,000,000 for a second mobile launch platform and associated SLS activities: Provided further, That the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the 
House of Representatives and the Senate, concurrent with the annual budget submission, a 5year budget profile for an integrated system that includes the Space Launch System, the Orion MultiPurpose Crew Vehicle, and associated ground systems that will ensure an Exploration Mission2 crewed launch as early as possible, as well as a systembased funding profile for a sustained launch cadence beyond the initial crewed test launch: Provided further, That ac quisition of Orion crew vehicles, SLS launch vehicles, Exploration Ground Systems, mobile launch platforms, and their associated components may be funded incrementally in fiscal year 2018 and thereafter: Provided further, That $395,000,000 shall be for exploration research and development. 
SPACE OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of space operations research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support and services; space flight, spacecraft control and communications activities, including operations, production, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $4,751,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
EDUCATION  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of aerospace and aeronautical education research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $100,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which $18,000,000 shall be for the Established Program to Stimulate Competitive Research and $40,000,000 shall be for the National Space Grant College and Fellowship Program. 
SAFETY , SECURITY AND MISSION SERVICES  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, in the conduct and support of science, aeronautics, space technology, exploration, space operations and education research and development activities, including research, development, operations, support, and services; maintenance and repair, facility planning and design; space flight, spacecraft control, and communications activities; program management; personnel and related costs, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; travel expenses; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $63,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and purchase, lease, charter, maintenance, and operation of mission and administrative aircraft, $2,826,900,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
COMPLIANCE AND RESTORATION  For necessary expenses for construction of facilities including repair, rehabilitation, revitalization, and modification of facilities, construction of new facilities and additions to existing facilities, facility planning and design, and restoration, and acquisition or condemnation of real property, as authorized by law, and environmental compliance and restoration, $562,240,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That pro ceeds from leases deposited into this account shall be available for a period of 5 years to the extent and in amounts as provided in annual appropriations Acts: Provided further, That such proceeds referred to in the preceding proviso shall be available for obligation for fiscal year 2018 in an amount not to exceed $9,470,300: Provided further, That each annual budget request shall include an annual estimate of gross receipts and collections and proposed use of all funds collected pursuant to section 20145 of title 51, United States Code. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, $39,000,000, of which $500,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  Funds for any announced prize otherwise authorized shall remain available, without fiscal year limitation, until a prize is claimed or the offer is withdrawn. Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers. Balances so transferred shall be merged with and available for the same purposes and the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred. Any transfer pursuant to this provision shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. The spending plan required by this Act shall be provided by NASA at the theme, program, project and activity level. The spending plan, as well as any subsequent change of an amount established in that spending plan that meets the notification requirements of section 505 of this Act, shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION  
RESEARCH AND RELATED ACTIVITIES  For necessary expenses in carrying out the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.), and Public Law 86–209 (42 U.S.C. 1880 et seq.); services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; maintenance and operation of aircraft and purchase of flight services for research support; acquisition of aircraft; and authorized travel; $6,334,476,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which not to exceed $544,000,000 shall remain available until expended for polar research and operations support, and for reimbursement to other Federal agencies for operational and science support and logistical and other related activities for the United States Antarctic program: Provided, That receipts for scientific support services and materials furnished by the National Research Centers and other National Science Foundation supported research facilities may be credited to this appropriation. 
CONSTRUCTION  For necessary expenses for the acquisition, construction, commissioning, and upgrading of major research equipment, facilities, and other such capital assets pursuant to the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.), including authorized travel, $182,800,000, to remain available until expended. EDUCATION AND HUMAN RESOURCES  For necessary expenses in carrying out science, mathematics and engineering education and human resources programs and activities pursuant to the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.), including services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, authorized travel, and rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, $902,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
AGENCY OPERATIONS AND AWARD MANAGEMENT  For agency operations and award management necessary in carrying out the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.); services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles; uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by sections 5901 and 5902 of title 5, United States Code; rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia; and reimbursement of the Department of Homeland Security for security guard services; $328,510,000: Provided, That not to exceed $8,280 is for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That contracts may be entered into under this heading in fiscal year 2018 for maintenance and operation of facilities and for other services to be provided during the next fiscal year. 
OFFICE OF THE NATIONAL SCIENCE BOARD  For necessary expenses (including payment of salaries, authorized travel, hire of passenger motor vehicles, the rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, and the employment of experts and consultants under section 3109 of title 5, United States Code) involved in carrying out section 4 of the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1863) and Public Law 86–209 (42 U.S.C. 1880 et seq.), $4,370,000: Provided, That not to exceed $2,500 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General as authorized by the Inspector General Act of 1978, $15,200,000, of which $400,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the National Science Foundation in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers. Any transfer pursuant to this paragraph shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. The Director of the National Science Foundation shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate at least 30 days in advance of the acquisition or disposal of any capital asset (including land, structures, and equipment) not specifically provided for in this Act or any other law appropriating funds for the National Science Foundation. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Science Appropriations Act, 2018’’. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Commission on Civil Rights, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, $9,700,000: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used to employ any individuals under Schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations exclusive of one special assistant for each Commissioner: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated in this paragraph shall be used to reimburse Commissioners for more than 75 billable days, with the exception of the chairperson, who is permitted 125 billable days: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated in this paragraph shall be used for any activity or expense that is not explicitly authorized by section 3 of the Civil Rights Commission Act of 1983 (42 U.S.C. 1975a). EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY  COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission as authorized by title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Equal Pay Act of 1963, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, section 501 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act (GINA) of 2008 (Public Law 110–233), the ADA Amendments Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–325), and the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–2), including services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by section 1343(b) of title 31, United States Code; nonmonetary awards to private citizens; and up to $29,500,000 for payments to State and local enforcement agencies for authorized services to the Commission, $379,500,000: Provided, That the Commission is authorized to make available for official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $2,250 from available funds: Provided further, That the Commission may take no action to implement any workforce repositioning, restructuring, or reorganization until such time as the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate have been notified of such proposals, in accordance with the reprogramming requirements of section 505 of this Act: Provided further, That the Chair is authorized to accept and use any gift or donation to carry out the work of the Commission. INTERNATIONAL TRADE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the International Trade Commission, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and not to exceed $2,250 for official reception and representation expenses, $93,700,000, to remain available until expended. LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION  
CORPORATION  For payment to the Legal Services Corporation to carry out the purposes of the Legal Services Corporation Act of 1974, $410,000,000, of which $376,000,000 is for basic field programs and required independent audits; $5,100,000 is for the Office of Inspector General, of which such amounts as may be necessary may be used to conduct additional audits of recipients; $19,400,000 is for management and grants oversight; $4,000,000 is for client selfhelp and information technology; $4,500,000 is for a Pro Bono Innovation Fund; and $1,000,000 is for loan repayment assistance: Provided, That the Legal Services Corporation may continue to provide locality pay to officers and employees at a rate no greater than that provided by the Federal Government to Washington, DCbased employees as authorized by section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, notwithstanding section 1005(d) of the Legal Services Corporation Act (42 U.S.C. 2996d(d)): Provided further, That the authorities provided in section 205 of this Act shall be applicable to the Legal Services Corporation: Provided further, That, for the purposes of section 505 of this Act, the Legal Services Corporation shall be considered an agency of the United States Government. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION —LEGAL SERVICES  
CORPORATION  None of the funds appropriated in this Act to the Legal Services Corporation shall be expended for any purpose prohibited or limited by, or contrary to any of the provisions of, sections 501, 502, 503, 504, 505, and 506 of Public Law 105–119, and all funds appropriated in this Act to the Legal Services Corporation shall be subject to the same terms and conditions set forth in such sections, except that all references in sections 502 and 503 to 1997 and 1998 shall be deemed to refer instead to 2017 and 2018, respectively. MARINE MAMMAL COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Marine Mammal Commission as authorized by title II of the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1361 et seq.), $3,431,000. OFFICE OF THE UNITED STATES TRADE  REPRESENTATIVE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the United States Trade Representative, including the hire of passenger motor vehicles and the employment of experts and consultants as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $57,600,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That of the total amount made available under this heading, not to exceed $124,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For activities of the United States Trade Representative authorized by section 611 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4405), including transfers, $15,000,000, to be derived from the Trade Enforcement Trust Fund: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to subsection (d)(1) of such section shall be treated as a reprogramming under section 505 of this Act. STATE JUSTICE INSTITUTE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the State Justice Institute, as authorized by the State Justice Institute Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10701 et seq.) $5,121,000, of which $500,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Pro vided, That not to exceed $2,250 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That, for the purposes of section 505 of this Act, the State Justice Institute shall be considered an agency of the United States Government. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 501. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes not authorized by the Congress. SEC. 502. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. SEC. 503. The expenditure of any appropriation under this Act for any consulting service through procurement contract, pursuant to section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under existing law, or under existing Executive order issued pursuant to existing law. SEC. 504. If any provision of this Act or the application of such provision to any person or circumstances shall be held invalid, the remainder of the Act and the application of each provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid shall not be affected thereby. SEC. 505. None of the funds provided under this Act, or provided under previous appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2018, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that: (1) creates or initiates a new program, project or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel by any means for any project or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted; (4) relocates an office or employees; (5) reorganizes or renames offices, programs or activities; (6) contracts out or privatizes any functions or activities presently performed by Federal employees; (7) augments existing programs, projects or activities in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, or reduces by 10 percent funding for any program, project or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent; or (8) results from any general savings, including savings from a reduction in personnel, which would result in a change in existing programs, projects or activities as approved by Congress; unless the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds. SEC. 506. (a) If it has been finally determined by a court or Federal agency that any person intentionally affixed a label bearing a ‘‘Made in America’’ inscription, or any inscription with the same meaning, to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in the United States, the person shall be ineligible to receive any contract or subcontract made with funds made available in this Act, pursuant to the debarment, suspension, and ineligibility procedures described in sections 9.400 through 9.409 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations. (b)(1) To the extent practicable, with respect to authorized purchases of promotional items, funds made available by this Act shall be used to purchase items that are manufactured, produced, or assembled in the United States, its territories or possessions. (2) The term ‘‘promotional items’’ has the meaning given the term in OMB Circular A– 87, Attachment B, Item (1)(f)(3). SEC. 507. (a) The Departments of Commerce and Justice, the National Science Foundation, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a quarterly report on the status of balances of appropriations at the account level. For unobligated, uncommitted balances and unobligated, committed balances the quarterly reports shall separately identify the amounts 
attributable to each source year of appropriation from which the balances were derived. For balances that are obligated, but unexpended, the quarterly reports shall separately identify amounts by the year of obligation. (b) The report described in subsection (a) shall be submitted within 30 days of the end of each quarter. (c) If a department or agency is unable to fulfill any aspect of a reporting requirement described in subsection (a) due to a limitation of a current accounting system, the department or agency shall fulfill such aspect to the maximum extent practicable under such accounting system and shall identify and describe in each quarterly report the extent to which such aspect is not fulfilled. SEC. 508. Any costs incurred by a department or agency funded under this Act resulting from, or to prevent, personnel actions taken in response to funding reductions included in this Act shall be absorbed within the total budgetary resources available to such department or agency: Provided, That the authority to transfer funds between appropriations accounts as may be necessary to carry out this section is provided in addition to authorities included elsewhere in this Act: Provided further, That use of funds to carry out this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 505 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section: Provided further, That for the Department of Commerce, this section shall also apply to actions taken for the care and protection of loan collateral or grant property. SEC. 509. None of the funds provided by this Act shall be available to promote the sale or export of tobacco or tobacco products, or to seek the reduction or removal by any foreign country of restrictions on the marketing of tobacco or tobacco products, except for restrictions which are not applied equally to all tobacco or tobacco products of the same type. SEC. 510. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, amounts deposited or available in the Fund established by section 1402 of chapter XIV of title II of Public Law 98–473 (34 U.S.C. 20101) in any fiscal year in excess of $4,436,000,000 shall not be available for obligation until the following fiscal year: Pro vided, That notwithstanding section 1402(d) of such Act, of the amounts available from the Fund for obligation: (1) $10,000,000 shall remain available until expended to the Department of Justice Office of Inspector General for oversight and auditing purposes; and (2) 3 percent shall be available to the Office for Victims of Crime for grants, consistent with the requirements of the Victims of Crime Act, to Indian tribes to improve services for victims of crime. SEC. 511. None of the funds made available to the Department of Justice in this Act may be used to discriminate against or denigrate the religious or moral beliefs of students who participate in programs for which financial assistance is provided from those funds, or of the parents or legal guardians of such students. SEC. 512. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriations Act. SEC. 513. (a) The Inspectors General of the Department of Commerce, the Department of Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the National Science Foundation, and the Legal Services Corporation shall conduct audits, pursuant to the Inspector General Act (5 U.S.C. App.), of grants or contracts for which funds are appropriated by this Act, and shall submit reports to Congress on the progress of such audits, which may include preliminary findings and a description of areas of particular interest, within 180 days after initiating such an audit and every 180 days thereafter until any such audit is completed. (b) Within 60 days after the date on which an audit described in subsection (a) by an Inspector General is completed, the Secretary, Attorney General, Administrator, Director, or President, as appropriate, shall make the results of the audit available to the public on the Internet website maintained by the Department, Administration, Foundation, or Corporation, respectively. The results shall be made available in redacted form to exclude— (1) any matter described in section 552(b) of title 5, United States Code; and (2) sensitive personal information for any individual, the public access to which could be used to commit identity theft or for other inappropriate or unlawful purposes. (c) Any person awarded a grant or contract funded by amounts appropriated by this Act shall submit a statement to the Secretary of Commerce, the Attorney General, the Administrator, Director, or President, as appropriate, certifying that no funds derived from the grant or contract will be made available through a subcontract or in any other manner to another person who has a financial interest in the person awarded the grant or contract. (d) The provisions of the preceding subsections of this section shall take effect 30 days after the date on which the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Government Ethics, determines that a uniform set of rules and requirements, substantially similar to the requirements in such subsections, consistently apply under the executive branch ethics program to all Federal departments, agencies, and entities. SEC. 514. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act may be used by the Departments of Commerce and Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, or the National Science Foundation to acquire a highimpact or moderateimpact information system, as defined for security categorization in the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s (NIST) Federal Information Processing Standard Publication 199, ‘‘Standards for Security Categorization of Federal Information and Information Systems’’ unless the agency has— (1) reviewed the supply chain risk for the information systems against criteria developed by NIST and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) to inform acquisition decisions for highimpact and moderateimpact information systems within the Federal Government; (2) reviewed the supply chain risk from the presumptive awardee against available and relevant threat information provided by the FBI and other appropriate agencies; and (3) in consultation with the FBI or other appropriate Federal entity, conducted an assessment of any risk of cyberespionage or sabotage associated with the acquisition of such system, including any risk associated with such system being produced, manufactured, or assembled by one or more entities identified by the United States Government as posing a cyber threat, including but not limited to, those that may be owned, directed, or subsidized by the People’s Republic of China, the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, or the Russian Federation. (b) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act may be used to acquire a highimpact or moderate impact information system reviewed and assessed under subsection (a) unless the head of the assessing entity described in subsection (a) has— (1) developed, in consultation with NIST, the FBI, and supply chain risk management experts, a mitigation strategy for any identified risks; (2) determined, in consultation with NIST and the FBI, that the acquisition of such system is in the national interest of the United States; and (3) reported that determination to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the agency Inspector General. SEC. 515. None of the funds made available in this Act shall be used in any way whatsoever to support or justify the use of torture by any official or contract employee of the United States Government. SEC. 516. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law or treaty, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act or any other Act may be expended or obligated by a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States to pay administrative expenses or to compensate an officer or employee of the United States in connection with requiring an export license for the export to Canada of components, parts, accessories or attachments for firearms listed in Category I, section 121.1 of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations (International Trafficking in Arms Regulations (ITAR), part 121, as it existed on April 1, 2005) with a total value not exceeding $500 wholesale in any transaction, provided that the conditions of subsection (b) of this section are met by the exporting party for such articles. (b) The foregoing exemption from obtaining an export license— (1) does not exempt an exporter from filing any Shipper’s Export Declaration or notification letter required by law, or from being otherwise eligible under the laws of the United States to possess, ship, transport, or export the articles enumerated in subsection (a); and (2) does not permit the export without a license of— (A) fully automatic firearms and components and parts for such firearms, other than for end use by the Federal Government, or a Provincial or Municipal Government of Canada; (B) barrels, cylinders, receivers (frames) or complete breech mechanisms for any firearm listed in Category I, other than for end use by the Federal Government, or a Provincial or Municipal Government of Canada; or (C) articles for export from Canada to another foreign destination. (c) In accordance with this section, the District Directors of Customs and postmasters shall permit the permanent or temporary export without a license of any unclassified articles specified in subsection (a) to Canada for end use in Canada or return to the United States, or temporary import of Canadianorigin items from Canada for end use in the United States or return to Canada for a Canadian citizen. (d) The President may require export licenses under this section on a temporary basis if the President determines, upon publication first in the Federal Register, that the Government of Canada has implemented or maintained inadequate import controls for the articles specified in subsection (a), such that a significant diversion of such articles has and continues to take place for use in international terrorism or in the escalation of a conflict in another nation. The President shall terminate the requirements of a license when reasons for the temporary requirements have ceased. 
SEC. 517. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States receiving appropriated funds under this Act or any other Act shall obligate or expend in any way such funds to pay administrative expenses or the compensation of any officer or employee of the United States to deny any application submitted pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2778(b)(1)(B) and qualified pursuant to 27 CFR section 478.112 or .113, for a permit to import United States origin ‘‘curios or relics’’ firearms, parts, or ammunition. SEC. 518. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to include in any new bilateral or multilateral trade agreement the text of— (1) paragraph 2 of article 16.7 of the United States–Singapore Free Trade Agreement; (2) paragraph 4 of article 17.9 of the United States–Australia Free Trade Agreement; or (3) paragraph 4 of article 15.9 of the United States–Morocco Free Trade Agreement. SEC. 519. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to authorize or issue a national security letter in contravention of any of the following laws authorizing the Federal Bureau of Investigation to issue national security letters: The Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978; The Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986; The Fair Credit Reporting Act; The National Security Act of 1947; USA PATRIOT Act; USA FREEDOM Act of 2015; and the laws amended by these Acts. SEC. 520. If at any time during any quarter, the program manager of a project within the jurisdiction of the Departments of Commerce or Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, or the National Science Foundation totaling more than $75,000,000 has reasonable cause to believe that the total program cost has increased by 10 percent or more, the program manager shall immediately inform the respective Secretary, Administrator, or Director. The Secretary, Administrator, or Director shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations within 30 days in writing of such increase, and shall include in such notice: the date on which such determination was made; a statement of the reasons for such increases; the action taken and proposed to be taken to control future cost growth of the project; changes made in the performance or schedule milestones and the degree to which such changes have contributed to the increase in total program costs or procurement costs; new estimates of the total project or procurement costs; and a statement validating that the project’s management structure is adequate to control total project or procurement costs. SEC. 521. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence or intelligence related activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2018 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for fiscal year 2018. SEC. 522. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to enter into a contract in an amount greater than $5,000,000 or to award a grant in excess of such amount unless the prospective contractor or grantee certifies in writing to the agency awarding the contract or grant that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, the contractor or grantee has filed all Federal tax returns required during the three years preceding the certification, has not been convicted of a criminal offense under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and has not, more than 90 days prior to certification, been notified of any unpaid Federal tax assessment for which the liability remains unsatisfied, unless the assessment is the subject of an installment agreement or offer in compromise that has been approved by the Internal Revenue Service and is not in default, or the assessment is the subject of a nonfrivolous administrative or judicial proceeding. (RESCISSIONS)  SEC. 523. (a) Of the unobligated balances from prior year appropriations available to the Department of Commerce, Economic Development Administration, Economic Development Assistance Programs, $10,000,000 is rescinded not later than September 30, 2018. (b) Of the unobligated balances available to the Department of Justice, the following funds are hereby rescinded, not later than September 30, 2018, from the following accounts in the specified amounts— (1) ‘‘Working Capital Fund’’, $154,768,000; (2) ‘‘Federal Bureau of Investigation, Salaries and Expenses’’, $127,291,000 including from, but not limited to, fees collected to defray expenses for the automation of fingerprint identification and criminal justice information services and associated costs; (3) ‘‘State and Local Law Enforcement Activities, Office on Violence Against Women, Violence Against Women Prevention and Prosecution Programs’’, $15,000,000; (4) ‘‘State and Local Law Enforcement Activities, Office of Justice Programs’’, $40,000,000; (5) ‘‘State and Local Law Enforcement Activities, Community Oriented Policing Services’’, $10,000,000; and (6) ‘‘Legal Activities, Assets Forfeiture Fund’’, $304,000,000, is permanently rescinded. (c) The Departments of Commerce and Justice shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report no later than September 1, 2018, specifying the amount of each rescission made pursuant to subsections (a) and (b). SEC. 524. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to purchase first class or premium airline travel in contravention of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41 of the Code of Federal Regulations. SEC. 525. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to send or otherwise pay for the attendance of more than 50 employees from a Federal department or agency, who are stationed in the United States, at any single conference occurring outside the United States unless such conference is a law enforcement training or operational conference for law enforcement personnel and the majority of Federal employees in attendance are law enforcement personnel stationed outside the United States. SEC. 526. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. SEC. 527. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to construct, acquire, or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual described in subsection (c) for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this subsection is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. SEC. 528. The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall instruct any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States receiving funds appropriated under this Act to track undisbursed balances in expired grant accounts and include in its annual performance plan and performance and accountability reports the following: (1) Details on future action the department, agency, or instrumentality will take to resolve undisbursed balances in expired grant accounts. (2) The method that the department, agency, or instrumentality uses to track undisbursed balances in expired grant accounts. (3) Identification of undisbursed balances in expired grant accounts that may be returned to the Treasury of the United States. (4) In the preceding 3 fiscal years, details on the total number of expired grant accounts with undisbursed balances (on the first day of each fiscal year) for the department, agency, or instrumentality and the total finances that have not been obligated to a specific project remaining in the accounts. SEC. 529. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) or the Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP) to develop, design, plan, promulgate, implement, or execute a bilateral policy, program, order, or contract of any kind to participate, collaborate, or coordinate bilaterally in any way with China or any Chineseowned company unless such activities are specifically authorized by a law enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to effectuate the hosting of official Chinese visitors at facilities belonging to or utilized by NASA. (c) The limitations described in subsections (a) and (b) shall not apply to activities which NASA or OSTP, after consultation with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, have certified— (1) pose no risk of resulting in the transfer of technology, data, or other information with national security or economic security implications to China or a Chineseowned company; and (2) will not involve knowing interactions with officials who have been determined by the United States to have direct involvement with violations of human rights. (d) Any certification made under subsection (c) shall be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, no later than 30 days prior to the activity in question and shall include a description of the purpose of the activity, its agenda, its major participants, and its location and timing. SEC. 530. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay the salaries or expenses of personnel to deny, or fail to act on, an application for the importation of any model of shotgun if— 
(1) all other requirements of law with respect to the proposed importation are met; and (2) no application for the importation of such model of shotgun, in the same configuration, had been denied by the Attorney General prior to January 1, 2011, on the basis that the shotgun was not particularly suitable for or readily adaptable to sporting purposes. SEC. 531. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, adjudication, or other law enforcement or victim assistance related activity. SEC. 532. The Departments of Commerce and Justice, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the National Science Foundation, the Commission on Civil Rights, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the International Trade Commission, the Legal Services Corporation, the Marine Mammal Commission, the Offices of Science and Technology Policy and the United States Trade Representative, the National Space Council, and the State Justice Institute shall submit spending plans, signed by the respective department or agency head, to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 533. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. SEC. 534. The Department of Commerce, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and the National Science Foundation shall provide a quarterly report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on any official travel to China by any employee of such Department or agency, including the purpose of such travel. SEC. 535. Of the amounts made available by this Act, not less than 10 percent of each total amount provided, respectively, for Public Works grants authorized by the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 and grants authorized by section 27 of the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3722) shall be allocated for assistance in persistent poverty counties: Provided, That for purposes of this section, the term ‘‘persistent poverty counties’’ means any county that has had 20 percent or more of its population living in poverty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1990 and 2000 decennial censuses and the most recent Small Area Income and Poverty Estimates. SEC. 536. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to pay award or incentive fees for contractor performance that has been judged to be below satisfactory performance or for performance that does not meet the basic requirements of a contract. SEC. 537. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 7606 (‘‘Legitimacy of Industrial Hemp Research’’) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79) by the Department of Justice or the Drug Enforcement Administration. SEC. 538. None of the funds made available under this Act to the Department of Justice may be used, with respect to any of the States of Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin, and Wyoming, or with respect to the District of Columbia, Guam, or Puerto Rico, to prevent any of them from implementing their own laws that authorize the use, distribution, possession, or cultivation of medical marijuana. SEC. 539. Not later than 30 days after the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce (Secretary) shall lift the stay on the effective date of the final rule for the seafood import monitoring program published by the Secretary on December 9, 2016, (81 Fed. Reg. 88975 et seq.) for the species described in section 300.324(a)(3) of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations: Provided, That the compliance date for the species described in section 300.324(a)(3) of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations, shall occur not later than December 31, 2018: Provided further, That not later than December 31, 2018, the Secretary shall establish a traceability program for United States inland, coastal, and marine aquaculture of shrimp and abalone from point of production to entry into United States commerce: Pro vided further, That the Secretary shall promulgate such regulations as are necessary and appropriate to establish and implement the program: Provided further, That information collected pursuant to a regulation promulgated under this section shall be confidential and not be disclosed except for the information disclosed under section 401(b)(1) of the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1881a(b)(1)): Provided further, That any regulations promulgated under this section shall be enforced as if this section were a provision of the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) and the regulations were promulgated under such Act. SEC. 540. For an additional amount for ‘‘Department of Justice, State and Local Law Enforcement Activities, Office of Justice Programs, State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance’’, $2,500,000 to keep young athletes safe. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I MILITARY PERSONNEL MILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Army on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $41,628,855,000. MILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Navy on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for elsewhere), midshipmen, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $28,772,118,000. MILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Marine Corps on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for elsewhere); and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $13,231,114,000. MILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Air Force on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $28,790,440,000. RESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10302, and 3038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $4,715,608,000. RESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Navy Reserve on active duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $1,988,362,000. RESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Marine Corps Reserve on active duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty, and for members of 
the Marine Corps platoon leaders class, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $764,903,000. RESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air Force Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10305, and 8038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $1,802,554,000. NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army National Guard while on duty under sections 10211, 10302, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $8,264,626,000. NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air National Guard on duty under sections 10211, 10305, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $3,408,817,000. TITLE II OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Army, as authorized by law, $38,816,957,000: Provided, That not to exceed $12,478,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Army, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Navy and the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $45,384,353,000: Provided, That not to exceed $15,055,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Navy, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $6,605,546,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Air Force, as authorized by law, $39,544,193,000: Provided, That not to exceed $7,699,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Air Force, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as authorized by law, $34,059,257,000: Provided, That not more than $15,000,000 may be used for the Combatant Commander Initiative Fund authorized under section 166a of title 10, United States Code: Provided further, That not to exceed $36,000,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of Defense, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not less than $38,458,000 shall be made available for the Procurement Technical Assistance Cooperative Agreement Program, of which not less than $3,600,000 shall be available for centers defined in 10 U.S.C. 2411(1)(D): Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to plan or implement the consolidation of a budget or appropriations liaison office of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the office of the Secretary of a military department, or the service headquarters of one of the Armed Forces into a legislative affairs or legislative liaison office: Provided further, That $9,385,000, to remain available until expended, is available only for expenses relating to certain classified activities, and may be transferred as necessary by the Secretary of Defense to operation and maintenance appropriations or research, development, test and evaluation appropriations, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That any ceiling on the investment item unit cost of items that may be purchased with operation and maintenance funds shall not apply to the funds described in the preceding proviso: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, $631,670,000, of which $157,917,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be available to provide support and assistance to foreign security forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support or facilitate counterterrorism, crisis response, or other Department of Defense security cooperation programs: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY RESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Army Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $2,877,104,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Navy Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $1,069,707,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  RESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Marine Corps Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $284,837,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  RESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Air Force Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $3,202,307,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY NATIONAL GUARD  For expenses of training, organizing, and administering the Army National Guard, including medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in nonFederal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; hire of passenger motor vehicles; personnel services in the National Guard Bureau; travel expenses (other than mileage), as authorized by law for Army personnel on active duty, for Army National Guard division, regimental, and battalion commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau; supplying and equipping the Army National Guard as authorized by law; and expenses of repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment (including aircraft), $7,284,170,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  GUARD  For expenses of training, organizing, and administering the Air National Guard, including medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in nonFederal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; transportation of things, hire of passenger motor vehicles; supplying and equipping the Air National Guard, as authorized by law; expenses for repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment, including those furnished from stocks under the control of agencies of the Department of Defense; travel expenses (other than mileage) on the same basis as authorized by law for Air National Guard personnel on active Federal duty, for Air National Guard commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau, $6,900,798,000. UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE  ARMED FORCES  For salaries and expenses necessary for the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, $14,538,000, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for official representation purposes. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , ARMY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Army, $235,809,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the 
Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Army, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , NAVY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Navy, $365,883,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Navy, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Navy, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , AIRFORCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Air Force, $352,549,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Air Force shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Air Force, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Air Force, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Pro vided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , DEFENSE WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of Defense, $19,002,000, to remain available until transferred: Pro vided, That the Secretary of Defense shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of Defense, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of Defense, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , FORMERLY  USEDDEFENSE SITES 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Army, $248,673,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris at sites formerly used by the Department of Defense, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN , DISASTER , AND CIVICAID For expenses relating to the Overseas Humanitarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid programs of the Department of Defense (consisting of the programs provided under sections 401, 402, 404, 407, 2557, and 2561 of title 10, United States Code), $129,900,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT  For assistance, including assistance provided by contract or by grants, under programs and activities of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program authorized under the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act, $350,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ACQUISITION  WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund, $500,000,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019: Provided, That no other amounts may be otherwise credited or transferred to the Fund, or deposited into the Fund, in fiscal year 2018 pursuant to section 1705(d) of title 10, United States Code: Pro vided further, That within 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall transfer to the Treasury from amounts made available under this heading an amount equal to any amounts transferred to the Fund for fiscal year 2018 before the date of the enactment of this Act pursuant to section 1705(d)(3) of title 10, United States Code, or any other provision of law: Provided further, That amounts so transferred shall be deposited in the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts. TITLE III PROCUREMENT AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of aircraft, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $5,535,794,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. MISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of missiles, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $3,196,910,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. PROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  COMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, and modification of weapons and tracked combat vehicles, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $4,391,573,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $2,548,740,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. OTHER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, and modification of vehicles, including tactical, support, and nontracked combat vehicles; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; communications and electronic equipment; other support equipment; spare parts, ordnance, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon 
prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $8,298,418,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of aircraft, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $19,957,380,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. WEAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of missiles, torpedoes, other weapons, and related support equipment including spare parts, and accessories therefor; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $3,510,590,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  MARINE CORPS  For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $804,335,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION , NAVY For expenses necessary for the construction, acquisition, or conversion of vessels as authorized by law, including armor and armament thereof, plant equipment, appliances, and machine tools and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; procurement of critical, long lead time components and designs for vessels to be constructed or converted in the future; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title, as follows: Ohio Replacement Submarine (AP), $861,853,000; Carrier Replacement Program (CVN 80), $1,569,646,000; Carrier Replacement Program (CVN 79), $2,561,058,000; Virginia Class Submarine, $3,305,315,000; Virginia Class Submarine (AP), $2,145,596,000; CVN Refueling Overhauls, $1,569,669,000; CVN Refueling Overhauls (AP), $75,897,000; DDG–1000 Program, $216,968,000; DDG–51 Destroyer, $3,357,079,000; DDG–51 Destroyer (AP), $90,336,000; Littoral Combat Ship, $1,566,971,000; Amphibious Ship Replacement, $1,800,000,000; Expeditionary Sea Base, $635,000,000; LHA Replacement, $1,710,927,000; Expeditionary Fast Transport, $225,000,000; TAO Fleet Oiler, $457,988,000; TAO Fleet Oiler (AP), $75,068,000; Towing, Salvage, and Rescue Ship, $76,204,000; T–AGS Oceanographic Survey Ship, $180,000,000; Ship to Shore Connector, $524,554,000; Service Craft, $62,994,000; For outfitting, post delivery, conversions, and first destination transportation, $489,073,000; Completion of Prior Year Shipbuilding Programs, $117,542,000; and Polar Icebreakers, $150,000,000. In all: $23,824,738,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2022: Pro vided, That additional obligations may be incurred after September 30, 2022, for engineering services, tests, evaluations, and other such budgeted work that must be performed in the final stage of ship construction: Pro vided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading for the construction or conversion of any naval vessel to be constructed in shipyards in the United States shall be expended in foreign facilities for the construction of major components of such vessel: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading shall be used for the construction of any naval vessel in foreign shipyards: Provided further, That funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for production of the common missile compartment of nuclearpowered vessels may be available for multiyear procurement of critical components to support continuous production of such compartments only in accordance with the provisions of subsection (i) of section 2218a of title 10, United States Code (as added by section 1023 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114– 328)). OTHER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For procurement, production, and modernization of support equipment and materials not otherwise provided for, Navy ordnance (except ordnance for new aircraft, new ships, and ships authorized for conversion); the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $7,941,018,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. PROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS  For expenses necessary for the procurement, manufacture, and modification of missiles, armament, military equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; plant equipment, appliances, and machine tools, and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; vehicles for the Marine Corps, including the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title, $1,942,737,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, and modification of aircraft and equipment, including armor and armament, specialized ground handling equipment, and training devices, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $18,504,556,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. MISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, and modification of missiles, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and accessories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $2,207,747,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. SPACE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, and modification of spacecraft, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and accessories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $3,552,175,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,651,977,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. OTHER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For procurement and modification of equipment (including ground guidance and electronic control equipment, and ground electronic and communication equipment), and supplies, materials, and spare parts 
therefor, not otherwise provided for; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; lease of passenger motor vehicles; and expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon, prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $20,503,273,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. PROCUREMENT , DEFENSE WIDE For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) necessary for procurement, production, and modification of equipment, supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; expansion of public and private plants, equipment, and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $5,429,270,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. DEFENSE PRODUCTION ACTPURCHASES  For activities by the Department of Defense pursuant to sections 108, 301, 302, and 303 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4518, 4531, 4532, and 4533), $67,401,000, to remain available until expended. TITLE IV RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , ARMY For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $10,647,426,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , NAVY For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $18,010,754,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph which are available for the V– 22 may be used to meet unique operational requirements of the Special Operations Forces. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , AIRFORCE  For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $37,428,078,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , DEFENSE WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation; advanced research projects as may be designated and determined by the Secretary of Defense, pursuant to law; maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $22,010,975,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019: Provided, That, of the funds made available in this paragraph, $250,000,000 for the Defense Rapid Innovation Program shall only be available for expenses, not otherwise provided for, to include program management and oversight, to conduct research, development, test and evaluation to include proof of concept demonstration; engineering, testing, and validation; and transition to fullscale production: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer funds provided herein for the Defense Rapid Innovation Program to appropriations for research, development, test and evaluation to accomplish the purpose provided herein: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 30 days prior to making transfers from this appropriation, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such transfer. OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION , DEFENSE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the independent activities of the Director, Operational Test and Evaluation, in the direction and supervision of operational test and evaluation, including initial operational test and evaluation which is conducted prior to, and in support of, production decisions; joint operational testing and evaluation; and administrative expenses in connection therewith, $210,900,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. TITLE V REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS DEFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS  For the Defense Working Capital Funds, $1,685,596,000. TITLE VI OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, for medical and health care programs of the Department of Defense as authorized by law, $34,428,167,000; of which $31,521,850,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed one percent shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019, and of which up to $15,349,700,000 may be available for contracts entered into under the TRICARE program; of which $867,002,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020, shall be for procurement; and of which $2,039,315,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the amount made available under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $8,000,000 shall be available for HIV prevention educational activities undertaken in connection with United States military training, exercises, and humanitarian assistance activities conducted primarily in African nations: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $1,095,100,000 shall be made available to the United States Army Medical Research and Materiel Command to carry out the congressionally directed medical research programs. CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS  DESTRUCTION , DEFENSE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the destruction of the United States stockpile of lethal chemical agents and munitions in accordance with the provisions of section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521), and for the destruction of other chemical warfare materials that are not in the chemical weapon stockpile, $961,732,000, of which $104,237,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which no less than $49,401,000 shall be for the Chemical Stockpile Emergency Preparedness Program, consisting of $21,045,000 for activities on military installations and $28,356,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, to assist State and local governments; $18,081,000 shall be for procurement, to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which $16,787,000 shall be for the Chemical Stockpile Emergency Preparedness Program to assist State and local governments and $1,294,000 for activities on military installations; and $839,414,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation, of which $831,900,000 shall only be for the Assembled Chemical Weapons Alternatives program. DRUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES , DEFENSE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For drug interdiction and counterdrug activities of the Department of Defense, for transfer to appropriations available to the Department of Defense for military personnel of the reserve components serving under the provisions of title 10 and title 32, United States Code; for operation and maintenance; for procurement; and for research, development, test and evaluation, $934,814,000, of which $552,648,000 shall be for counternarcotics support; $120,813,000 shall be for the drug demand reduction program; $236,353,000 shall be for the National Guard counterdrug program; and $25,000,000 shall be for the National Guard counterdrug schools program: Provided, That the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for obligation for the same time period and for the same purpose as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Pro vided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority contained elsewhere in this Act. OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses and activities of the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $321,887,000, of which $319,087,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed $700,000 is available for emergencies and extraordinary expenses to be expended on the approval or authority of the Inspector General, and payments may be made on the Inspector General’s certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes; and of which $2,800,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation. TITLE VII RELATED AGENCIES CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY RETIREMENT  
ANDDISABILITY SYSTEM FUND For payment to the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System Fund, to maintain the proper funding level for continuing the operation of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, $514,000,000. 
INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGEMENT  ACCOUNT  For necessary expenses of the Intelligence Community Management Account, $537,600,000. TITLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS SEC. 8001. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes not authorized by the Congress. SEC. 8002. During the current fiscal year, provisions of law prohibiting the payment of compensation to, or employment of, any person not a citizen of the United States shall not apply to personnel of the Department of Defense: Provided, That salary increases granted to direct and indirect hire foreign national employees of the Department of Defense funded by this Act shall not be at a rate in excess of the percentage increase authorized by law for civilian employees of the Department of Defense whose pay is computed under the provisions of section 5332 of title 5, United States Code, or at a rate in excess of the percentage increase provided by the appropriate host nation to its own employees, whichever is higher: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to Department of Defense foreign service national employees serving at United States diplomatic missions whose pay is set by the Department of State under the Foreign Service Act of 1980: Provided further, That the limitations of this provision shall not apply to foreign national employees of the Department of Defense in the Republic of Turkey. SEC. 8003. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, unless expressly so provided herein. SEC. 8004. No more than 25 percent of the appropriations in this Act which are limited for obligation during the current fiscal year shall be obligated during the last 2 months of the fiscal year: Provided, That this section shall not apply to obligations for support of active duty training of reserve components or summer camp training of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8005. Upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, he may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer not to exceed $4,250,000,000 of working capital funds of the Department of Defense or funds made available in this Act to the Department of Defense for military functions (except military construction) between such appropriations or funds or any subdivision thereof, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Congress promptly of all transfers made pursuant to this authority or any other authority in this Act: Provided further, That no part of the funds in this Act shall be available to prepare or present a request to the Committees on Appropriations for reprogramming of funds, unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which reprogramming is requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2018: Provided further, That transfers among military personnel appropriations shall not be taken into account for purposes of the limitation on the amount of funds that may be transferred under this section. SEC. 8006. (a) With regard to the list of specific programs, projects, and activities (and the dollar amounts and adjustments to budget activities corresponding to such programs, projects, and activities) contained in the tables titled Explanation of Project Level Adjustments in the explanatory statement regarding this Act, the obligation and expenditure of amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act for those programs, projects, and activities for which the amounts appropriated exceed the amounts requested are hereby required by law to be carried out in the manner provided by such tables to the same extent as if the tables were included in the text of this Act. (b) Amounts specified in the referenced tables described in subsection (a) shall not be treated as subdivisions of appropriations for purposes of section 8005 of this Act: Provided, That section 8005 shall apply when transfers of the amounts described in subsection (a) occur between appropriation accounts. SEC. 8007. (a) Not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, the Department of Defense shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2018: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appropriation both by budget activity and program, project, and activity as detailed in the Budget Appendix; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. (b) Notwithstanding section 8005 of this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in subsection (a) is submitted to the congressional defense committees, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies in writing to the congressional defense committees that such reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement: Provided, That this subsection shall not apply to transfers from the following appropriations accounts: (1) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Army’’; (2) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Navy’’; (3) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Air Force’’; (4) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Defense Wide’’; (5) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Formerly Used Defense Sites’’; and (6) ‘‘Drug Interdiction and Counterdrug Activities, Defense’’. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8008. During the current fiscal year, cash balances in working capital funds of the Department of Defense established pursuant to section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, may be maintained in only such amounts as are necessary at any time for cash disbursements to be made from such funds: Provided, That transfers may be made between such funds: Provided further, That transfers may be made between working capital funds and the ‘‘Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Defense’’ appropriation and the ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ appropriation accounts in such amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, except that such transfers may not be made unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress of the proposed transfer: Provided further, That except in amounts equal to the amounts appropriated to working capital funds in this Act, no obligations may be made against a working capital fund to procure or increase the value of war reserve material inventory, unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress prior to any such obligation. SEC. 8009. Funds appropriated by this Act may not be used to initiate a special access program without prior notification 30 calendar days in advance to the congressional defense committees. SEC. 8010. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available to initiate: (1) a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year of the contract or that includes an unfunded contingent liability in excess of $20,000,000; or (2) a contract for advance procurement leading to a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year, unless the congressional defense committees have been notified at least 30 days in advance of the proposed contract award: Provided, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate a multiyear contract for which the economic order quantity advance procurement is not funded at least to the limits of the Government’s liability: Provided further, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate multiyear procurement contracts for any systems or component thereof if the value of the multiyear contract would exceed $500,000,000 unless specifically provided in this Act: Provided further, That no multiyear procurement contract can be terminated without 30day prior notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the execution of multiyear authority shall require the use of a present value analysis to determine lowest cost compared to an annual procurement: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this Act may be used for a multiyear contract executed after the date of the enactment of this Act unless in the case of any such contract— (1) the Secretary of Defense has submitted to Congress a budget request for full funding of units to be procured through the contract and, in the case of a contract for procurement of aircraft, that includes, for any aircraft unit to be procured through the contract for which procurement funds are requested in that budget request for production beyond advance procurement activities in the fiscal year covered by the budget, full funding of procurement of such unit in that fiscal year; (2) cancellation provisions in the contract do not include consideration of recurring manufacturing costs of the contractor associated with the production of unfunded units to be delivered under the contract; (3) the contract provides that payments to the contractor under the contract shall not be made in advance of incurred costs on funded units; and (4) the contract does not provide for a price adjustment based on a failure to award a followon contract. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act may be used for a multiyear procurement contract as follows: V–22 Osprey aircraft variants; up to 13 SSN Virginia Class Submarines and Governmentfurnished equipment; and DDG–51 Arleigh Burke class Flight III guided missile destroyers, the MK41 Vertical Launching Systems, and associated Governmentfurnished systems and 
subsystems: Provided, That the term of any multiyear procurement contract for V–22 Osprey aircraft variants entered into for use of any part of any appropriation contained in this Act may not exceed 5 years. SEC. 8011. Within the funds appropriated for the operation and maintenance of the Armed Forces, funds are hereby appropriated pursuant to section 401 of title 10, United States Code, for humanitarian and civic assistance costs under chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code. Such funds may also be obligated for humanitarian and civic assistance costs incidental to authorized operations and pursuant to authority granted in section 401 of chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code, and these obligations shall be reported as required by section 401(d) of title 10, United States Code: Provided, That funds available for operation and maintenance shall be available for providing humanitarian and similar assistance by using Civic Action Teams in the Trust Territories of the Pacific Islands and freely associated states of Micronesia, pursuant to the Compact of Free Association as authorized by Public Law 99–239: Provided further, That upon a determination by the Secretary of the Army that such action is beneficial for graduate medical education programs conducted at Army medical facilities located in Hawaii, the Secretary of the Army may authorize the provision of medical services at such facilities and transportation to such facilities, on a nonreimbursable basis, for civilian patients from American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, Palau, and Guam. SEC. 8012. (a) During the current fiscal year, the civilian personnel of the Department of Defense may not be managed on the basis of any endstrength, and the management of such personnel during that fiscal year shall not be subject to any constraint or limitation (known as an endstrength) on the number of such personnel who may be employed on the last day of such fiscal year. (b) The fiscal year 2019 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all justification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2019 Department of Defense budget request shall be prepared and submitted to the Congress as if subsections (a) and (b) of this provision were effective with regard to fiscal year 2019. (c) As required by section 1107 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) civilian personnel at the Department of Army Science and Technology Reinvention Laboratories may not be managed on the basis of the Table of Distribution and Allowances, and the management of the workforce strength shall be done in a manner consistent with the budget available with respect to such Laboratories. (d) Nothing in this section shall be construed to apply to military (civilian) technicians. SEC. 8013. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pending before the Congress. SEC. 8014. None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available for the basic pay and allowances of any member of the Army participating as a fulltime student and receiving benefits paid by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from the Department of Defense Education Benefits Fund when time spent as a fulltime student is credited toward completion of a service commitment: Provided, That this section shall not apply to those members who have reenlisted with this option prior to October 1, 1987: Provided further, That this section applies only to active components of the Army. (TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8015. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act for the Department of Defense Pilot MentorProte´ge´Program may be transferred to any other appropriation contained in this Act solely for the purpose of implementing a MentorProte´ge´Program developmental assistance agreement pursuant to section 831 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note), as amended, under the authority of this provision or any other transfer authority contained in this Act. SEC. 8016. None of the funds in this Act may be available for the purchase by the Department of Defense (and its departments and agencies) of welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain 4 inches in diameter and under unless the anchor and mooring chain are manufactured in the United States from components which are substantially manufactured in the United States: Provided, That for the purpose of this section, the term ‘‘manufactured’’ shall include cutting, heat treating, quality control, testing of chain and welding (including the forging and shot blasting process): Provided further, That for the purpose of this section substantially all of the components of anchor and mooring chain shall be considered to be produced or manufactured in the United States if the aggregate cost of the components produced or manufactured in the United States exceeds the aggregate cost of the components produced or manufactured outside the United States: Provided further, That when adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis, the Secretary of the service responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes. SEC. 8017. None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be used for the support of any nonappropriated funds activity of the Department of Defense that procures malt beverages and wine with nonappropriated funds for resale (including such alcoholic beverages sold by the drink) on a military installation located in the United States unless such malt beverages and wine are procured within that State, or in the case of the District of Columbia, within the District of Columbia, in which the military installation is located: Provided, That, in a case in which the military installation is located in more than one State, purchases may be made in any State in which the installation is located: Provided further, That such local procurement requirements for malt beverages and wine shall apply to all alcoholic beverages only for military installations in States which are not contiguous with another State: Provided further, That alcoholic beverages other than wine and malt beverages, in contiguous States and the District of Columbia shall be procured from the most competitive source, price and other factors considered. SEC. 8018. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be used to demilitarize or dispose of M–1 Carbines, M–1 Garand rifles, M–14 rifles, .22 caliber rifles, .30 caliber rifles, or M–1911 pistols, or to demilitarize or destroy small arms ammunition or ammunition components that are not otherwise prohibited from commercial sale under Federal law, unless the small arms ammunition or ammunition components are certified by the Secretary of the Army or designee as unserviceable or unsafe for further use. SEC. 8019. No more than $500,000 of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used during a single fiscal year for any single relocation of an organization, unit, activity or function of the Department of Defense into or within the National Capital Region: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case bycase basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that such a relocation is required in the best interest of the Government. SEC. 8020. Of the funds made available in this Act, $20,000,000 shall be available for incentive payments authorized by section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544): Provided, That a prime contractor or a subcontractor at any tier that makes a subcontract award to any subcontractor or supplier as defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small business owned and controlled by an individual or individuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code, shall be considered a contractor for the purposes of being allowed additional compensation under section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544) whenever the prime contract or subcontract amount is over $500,000 and involves the expenditure of funds appropriated by an Act making appropriations for the Department of Defense with respect to any fiscal year: Provided further, That not withstanding section 1906 of title 41, United States Code, this section shall be applicable to any Department of Defense acquisition of supplies or services, including any contract and any subcontract at any tier for acquisition of commercial items produced or manufactured, in whole or in part, by any subcontractor or supplier defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small business owned and controlled by an individual or individuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code. SEC. 8021. Funds appropriated by this Act for the Defense Media Activity shall not be used for any national or international political or psychological activities. SEC. 8022. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense is authorized to incur obligations of not to exceed $350,000,000 for purposes specified in section 2350j(c) of title 10, United States Code, in anticipation of receipt of contributions, only from the Government of Kuwait, under that section: Provided, That, upon receipt, such contributions from the Government of Kuwait shall be credited to the appropriations or fund which incurred such obligations. SEC. 8023. (a) Of the funds made available in this Act, not less than $43,100,000 shall be available for the Civil Air Patrol Corporation, of which— (1) $30,800,000 shall be available from ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ to support Civil Air Patrol Corporation operation and maintenance, readiness, counterdrug activities, and drug demand reduction activities involving youth programs; (2) $10,600,000 shall be available from ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’; and (3) $1,700,000 shall be available from ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’ for vehicle procurement. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force should waive reimbursement for any funds used by the Civil Air Patrol for counterdrug activities in support of Federal, State, and local government agencies. SEC. 8024. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act are available to establish a new Department of Defense (department) federally funded research and development center (FFRDC), either as a new entity, or as a separate entity administrated by an organization managing another FFRDC, or as a nonprofit membership corporation consisting of a consortium of other FFRDCs and other nonprofit entities. 
(b) No member of a Board of Directors, Trustees, Overseers, Advisory Group, Special Issues Panel, Visiting Committee, or any similar entity of a defense FFRDC, and no paid consultant to any defense FFRDC, except when acting in a technical advisory capacity, may be compensated for his or her services as a member of such entity, or as a paid consultant by more than one FFRDC in a fiscal year: Provided, That a member of any such entity referred to previously in this subsection shall be allowed travel expenses and per diem as authorized under the Federal Joint Travel Regulations, when engaged in the performance of membership duties. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds available to the department from any source during the current fiscal year may be used by a defense FFRDC, through a fee or other payment mechanism, for construction of new buildings not located on a military installation, for payment of cost sharing for projects funded by Government grants, for absorption of contract overruns, or for certain charitable contributions, not to include employee participation in community service and/or development. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the funds available to the department during fiscal year 2018, not more than 6,030 staff years of technical effort (staff years) may be funded for defense FFRDCs: Provided, That, of the specific amount referred to previously in this subsection, not more than 1,125 staff years may be funded for the defense studies and analysis FFRDCs: Provided further, That this subsection shall not apply to staff years funded in the National Intelligence Program (NIP) and the Military Intelligence Program (MIP). (e) The Secretary of Defense shall, with the submission of the department’s fiscal year 2019 budget request, submit a report presenting the specific amounts of staff years of technical effort to be allocated for each defense FFRDC during that fiscal year and the associated budget estimates. (f) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the total amount appropriated in this Act for FFRDCs is hereby reduced by $131,000,000. SEC. 8025. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to procure carbon, alloy, or armor steel plate for use in any Governmentowned facility or property under the control of the Department of Defense which were not melted and rolled in the United States or Canada: Pro vided, That these procurement restrictions shall apply to any and all Federal Supply Class 9515, American Society of Testing and Materials (ASTM) or American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) specifications of carbon, alloy or armor steel plate: Provided further, That the Secretary of the military department responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes: Provided further, That these restrictions shall not apply to contracts which are in being as of the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 8026. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Armed Services Committee of the House of Representatives, the Armed Services Committee of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. SEC. 8027. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense may acquire the modification, depot maintenance and repair of aircraft, vehicles and vessels as well as the production of components and other Defense related articles, through competition between Department of Defense depot maintenance activities and private firms: Provided, That the Senior Acquisition Executive of the military department or Defense Agency concerned, with power of delegation, shall certify that successful bids include comparable estimates of all direct and indirect costs for both public and private bids: Provided further, That Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 shall not apply to competitions conducted under this section. SEC. 8028. (a)(1) If the Secretary of Defense, after consultation with the United States Trade Representative, determines that a foreign country which is party to an agreement described in paragraph (2) has violated the terms of the agreement by discriminating against certain types of products produced in the United States that are covered by the agreement, the Secretary of Defense shall rescind the Secretary’s blanket waiver of the Buy American Act with respect to such types of products produced in that foreign country. (2) An agreement referred to in paragraph (1) is any reciprocal defense procurement memorandum of understanding, between the United States and a foreign country pursuant to which the Secretary of Defense has prospectively waived the Buy American Act for certain products in that country. (b) The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Congress a report on the amount of Department of Defense purchases from foreign entities in fiscal year 2018. Such report shall separately indicate the dollar value of items for which the Buy American Act was waived pursuant to any agreement described in subsection (a)(2), the Trade Agreement Act of 1979 (19 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), or any international agreement to which the United States is a party. (c) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. SEC. 8029. During the current fiscal year, amounts contained in the Department of Defense Overseas Military Facility Investment Recovery Account established by section 2921(c)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act of 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) shall be available until expended for the payments specified by section 2921(c)(2) of that Act. SEC. 8030. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Air Force may convey at no cost to the Air Force, without consideration, to Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Oregon, Minnesota, and Washington relocatable military housing units located at Grand Forks Air Force Base, Malmstrom Air Force Base, Mountain Home Air Force Base, Ellsworth Air Force Base, and Minot Air Force Base that are excess to the needs of the Air Force. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force shall convey, at no cost to the Air Force, military housing units under subsection (a) in accordance with the request for such units that are submitted to the Secretary by the Operation Walking Shield Program on behalf of Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Oregon, Minnesota, and Washington. Any such conveyance shall be subject to the condition that the housing units shall be removed within a reasonable period of time, as determined by the Secretary. (c) The Operation Walking Shield Program shall resolve any conflicts among requests of Indian tribes for housing units under subsection (a) before submitting requests to the Secretary of the Air Force under subsection (b). (d) In this section, the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ means any recognized Indian tribe included on the current list published by the Secretary of the Interior under section 104 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–454; 108 Stat. 4792; 25 U.S.C. 5131). SEC. 8031. During the current fiscal year, appropriations which are available to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used to purchase items having an investment item unit cost of not more than $250,000. SEC. 8032. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to— (1) disestablish, or prepare to disestablish, a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with Department of Defense Instruction Number 1215.08, dated June 26, 2006; or (2) close, downgrade from host to extension center, or place on probation a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with the information paper of the Department of the Army titled ‘‘Army Senior Reserve Officer’s Training Corps (SROTC) Program Review and Criteria’’, dated January 27, 2014. SEC. 8033. The Secretary of Defense shall issue regulations to prohibit the sale of any tobacco or tobaccorelated products in military resale outlets in the United States, its territories and possessions at a price below the most competitive price in the local community: Provided, That such regulations shall direct that the prices of tobacco or tobaccorelated products in overseas military retail outlets shall be within the range of prices established for military retail system stores located in the United States. SEC. 8034. (a) During the current fiscal year, none of the appropriations or funds available to the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds shall be used for the purchase of an investment item for the purpose of acquiring a new inventory item for sale or anticipated sale during the current fiscal year or a subsequent fiscal year to customers of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds if such an item would not have been chargeable to the Department of Defense Business Operations Fund during fiscal year 1994 and if the purchase of such an investment item would be chargeable during the current fiscal year to appropriations made to the Department of Defense for procurement. (b) The fiscal year 2019 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all justification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2019 Department of Defense budget shall be prepared and submitted to the Congress on the basis that any equipment which was classified as an end item and funded in a procurement appropriation contained in this Act shall be budgeted for in a proposed fiscal year 2019 procurement appropriation and not in the supply management business area or any other area or category of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. SEC. 8035. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Central Intelligence Agency shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appropriated for the Reserve for Contingencies, which shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That funds appropriated, transferred, or otherwise credited to the Central Intelligence Agency Central Services Working Capital Fund during this or any prior or subsequent fiscal year shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That any funds appropriated 
or transferred to the Central Intelligence Agency for advanced research and development acquisition, for agent operations, and for covert action programs authorized by the President under section 503 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093) shall remain available until September 30, 2019. SEC. 8036. Up to $10,322,000 of the funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’ may be made available for the Asia Pacific Regional Initiative Program for the purpose of enabling the Pacific Command to execute Theater Security Cooperation activities such as humanitarian assistance, and payment of incremental and personnel costs of training and exercising with foreign security forces: Provided, That funds made available for this purpose may be used, notwithstanding any other funding authorities for humanitarian assistance, security assistance or combined exercise expenses: Provided further, That funds may not be obligated to provide assistance to any foreign country that is otherwise prohibited from receiving such type of assistance under any other provision of law. SEC. 8037. Of the funds appropriated to the Department of Defense under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense Wide’’, not less than $12,000,000 shall be made available only for the mitigation of environmental impacts, including training and technical assistance to tribes, related administrative support, the gathering of information, documenting of environmental damage, and developing a system for prioritization of mitigation and cost to complete estimates for mitigation, on Indian lands resulting from Department of Defense activities. SEC. 8038. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be expended by an entity of the Department of Defense unless the entity, in expending the funds, complies with the Buy American Act. For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. (b) If the Secretary of Defense determines that a person has been convicted of intentionally affixing a label bearing a ‘‘Made in America’’ inscription to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in America, the Secretary shall determine, in accordance with section 2410f of title 10, United States Code, whether the person should be debarred from contracting with the Department of Defense. (c) In the case of any equipment or products purchased with appropriations provided under this Act, it is the sense of the Congress that any entity of the Department of Defense, in expending the appropriation, purchase only Americanmade equipment and products, provided that Americanmade equipment and products are costcompetitive, quality competitive, and available in a timely fashion. SEC. 8039. (a) Except as provided in subsections (b) and (c), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used— (1) to establish a field operating agency; or (2) to pay the basic pay of a member of the Armed Forces or civilian employee of the department who is transferred or reassigned from a headquarters activity if the member or employee’s place of duty remains at the location of that headquarters. (b) The Secretary of Defense or Secretary of a military department may waive the limitations in subsection (a), on a casebycase basis, if the Secretary determines, and certifies to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that the granting of the waiver will reduce the personnel requirements or the financial requirements of the department. (c) This section does not apply to— (1) field operating agencies funded within the National Intelligence Program; (2) an Army field operating agency established to eliminate, mitigate, or counter the effects of improvised explosive devices, and, as determined by the Secretary of the Army, other similar threats; (3) an Army field operating agency established to improve the effectiveness and efficiencies of biometric activities and to integrate common biometric technologies throughout the Department of Defense; or (4) an Air Force field operating agency established to administer the Air Force Mortuary Affairs Program and Mortuary Operations for the Department of Defense and authorized Federal entities. SEC. 8040. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to convert to contractor performance an activity or function of the Department of Defense that, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, is performed by Department of Defense civilian employees unless— (1) the conversion is based on the result of a publicprivate competition that includes a most efficient and cost effective organization plan developed by such activity or function; (2) the Competitive Sourcing Official determines that, over all performance periods stated in the solicitation of offers for performance of the activity or function, the cost of performance of the activity or function by a contractor would be less costly to the Department of Defense by an amount that equals or exceeds the lesser of— (A) 10 percent of the most efficient organization’s personnelrelated costs for performance of that activity or function by Federal employees; or (B) $10,000,000; and (3) the contractor does not receive an advantage for a proposal that would reduce costs for the Department of Defense by— (A) not making an employersponsored health insurance plan available to the workers who are to be employed in the performance of that activity or function under the contract; or (B) offering to such workers an employer sponsored health benefits plan that requires the employer to contribute less towards the premium or subscription share than the amount that is paid by the Department of Defense for health benefits for civilian employees under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. (b)(1) The Department of Defense, without regard to subsection (a) of this section or subsection (a), (b), or (c) of section 2461 of title 10, United States Code, and notwithstanding any administrative regulation, requirement, or policy to the contrary shall have full authority to enter into a contract for the performance of any commercial or industrial type function of the Department of Defense that— (A) is included on the procurement list established pursuant to section 2 of the Javits WagnerO’Day Act (section 8503 of title 41, United States Code); (B) is planned to be converted to performance by a qualified nonprofit agency for the blind or by a qualified nonprofit agency for other severely handicapped individuals in accordance with that Act; or (C) is planned to be converted to performance by a qualified firm under at least 51 percent ownership by an Indian tribe, as defined in section 4(e) of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(e)), or a Native Hawaiian Organization, as defined in section 8(a)(15) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(15)). (2) This section shall not apply to depot contracts or contracts for depot maintenance as provided in sections 2469 and 2474 of title 10, United States Code. (c) The conversion of any activity or function of the Department of Defense under the authority provided by this section shall be credited toward any competitive or outsourcing goal, target, or measurement that may be established by statute, regulation, or policy and is deemed to be awarded under the authority of, and in compliance with, subsection (h) of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, for the competition or outsourcing of commercial activities. (RESCISSIONS)  SEC. 8041. Of the funds appropriated in Department of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: ‘‘Other Procurement, Army’’, 2016/2018, $5,517,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2016/2018, $172,000,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2016/ 2018, $56,900,000; ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force’’, 2016/2018, $5,000,000; ‘‘Procurement, Defensewide’’, 2016/2018, $7,264,000; ‘‘Missile Procurement, Army’’, 2017/2019, $19,319,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Army’’, 2017/2019, $17,000,000; ‘‘Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army’’, 2017/2019, $7,064,000; ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Army’’, 2017/2019, $15,507,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Army’’, 2017/2019, $12,535,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2017/2019, $45,900,000; ‘‘Weapons Procurement, Navy’’, 2017/2019, $32,200,000; ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy: Carrier Replacement Program’’, 2017/2021, $14,000,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/ 2019, $78,347,000; ‘‘Missile Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/ 2019, $31,639,000; ‘‘Space Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $34,900,000; ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $18,000,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $136,691,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army’’, 2017/2018, $62,331,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy’’, 2017/2018, $9,128,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force’’, 2017/2018, $131,000,000; and ‘‘Defense Health Program: Research, Development, Test and Evaluation’’, 2017/2018, $30,000,000. SEC. 8042. None of the funds available in this Act may be used to reduce the authorized positions for military technicians (dual status) of the Army National Guard, Air National Guard, Army Reserve and Air Force Reserve for the purpose of applying any administratively imposed civilian personnel ceiling, freeze, or reduction on military technicians (dual status), unless such reductions are a direct result of a reduction in military force structure. SEC. 8043. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be obligated or expended for assistance to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea unless specifically appropriated for that purpose. 
SEC. 8044. Funds appropriated in this Act for operation and maintenance of the Military Departments, Combatant Commands and Defense Agencies shall be available for reimbursement of pay, allowances and other expenses which would otherwise be incurred against appropriations for the National Guard and Reserve when members of the National Guard and Reserve provide intelligence or counterintelligence support to Combatant Commands, Defense Agencies and Joint Intelligence Activities, including the activities and programs included within the National Intelligence Program and the Military Intelligence Program: Provided, That nothing in this section authorizes deviation from established Reserve and National Guard personnel and training procedures. SEC. 8045. (a) None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counterdrug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appropriations law. (b) None of the funds available to the Central Intelligence Agency for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counterdrug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appropriations law. SEC. 8046. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used for the procurement of ball and roller bearings other than those produced by a domestic source and of domestic origin: Provided, That the Secretary of the military department responsible for such procurement may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes: Provided further, That this restriction shall not apply to the purchase of ‘‘commercial items’’, as defined by section 103 of title 41, United States Code, except that the restriction shall apply to ball or roller bearings purchased as end items. SEC. 8047. Of the amounts appropriated for ‘‘Working Capital Fund, Army’’, $99,000,000 shall be available to maintain competitive rates at the arsenals. SEC. 8048. None of the funds made available by this Act for Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle service competitive procurements may be used unless the competitive procurements are open for award to all certified providers of Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicleclass systems: Provided, That the award shall be made to the provider that offers the best value to the government. SEC. 8049. In addition to the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available elsewhere in this Act, $44,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense: Pro vided, That upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, the Secretary shall make grants in the amounts specified as follows: $20,000,000 to the United Service Organizations and $24,000,000 to the Red Cross. SEC. 8050. None of the funds in this Act may be used to purchase any supercomputer which is not manufactured in the United States, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes that is not available from United States manufacturers. SEC. 8051. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Act, the Small Business Innovation Research program and the Small Business Technology Transfer program set asides shall be taken proportionally from all programs, projects, or activities to the extent they contribute to the extramural budget. SEC. 8052. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense under this Act shall be obligated or expended to pay a contractor under a contract with the Department of Defense for costs of any amount paid by the contractor to an employee when— (1) such costs are for a bonus or otherwise in excess of the normal salary paid by the contractor to the employee; and (2) such bonus is part of restructuring costs associated with a business combination. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8053. During the current fiscal year, no more than $30,000,000 of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’ may be transferred to appropriations available for the pay of military personnel, to be merged with, and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred, to be used in support of such personnel in connection with support and services for eligible organizations and activities outside the Department of Defense pursuant to section 2012 of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 8054. During the current fiscal year, in the case of an appropriation account of the Department of Defense for which the period of availability for obligation has expired or which has closed under the provisions of section 1552 of title 31, United States Code, and which has a negative unliquidated or unexpended balance, an obligation or an adjustment of an obligation may be charged to any current appropriation account for the same purpose as the expired or closed account if— (1) the obligation would have been properly chargeable (except as to amount) to the expired or closed account before the end of the period of availability or closing of that account; (2) the obligation is not otherwise properly chargeable to any current appropriation account of the Department of Defense; and (3) in the case of an expired account, the obligation is not chargeable to a current appropriation of the Department of Defense under the provisions of section 1405(b)(8) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991, Public Law 101–510, as amended (31 U.S.C. 1551 note): Provided, That in the case of an expired account, if subsequent review or investigation discloses that there was not in fact a negative unliquidated or unexpended balance in the account, any charge to a current account under the authority of this section shall be reversed and recorded against the expired account: Pro vided further, That the total amount charged to a current appropriation under this section may not exceed an amount equal to 1 percent of the total appropriation for that account. SEC. 8055. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau may permit the use of equipment of the National Guard Distance Learning Project by any person or entity on a spaceavailable, reimbursable basis. The Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall establish the amount of reimbursement for such use on a casebycase basis. (b) Amounts collected under subsection (a) shall be credited to funds available for the National Guard Distance Learning Project and be available to defray the costs associated with the use of equipment of the project under that subsection. Such funds shall be available for such purposes without fiscal year limitation. SEC. 8056. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be obligated to modify command and control relationships to give Fleet Forces Command operational and administrative control of United States Navy forces assigned to the Pacific fleet: Provided, That the command and control relationships which existed on October 1, 2004, shall remain in force until a written modification has been proposed to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees: Pro vided further, That the proposed modification may be implemented 30 days after the notification unless an objection is received from either the House or Senate Appropriations Committees: Provided further, That any proposed modification shall not preclude the ability of the commander of United States Pacific Command to meet operational requirements. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8057. Of the funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defensewide’’, $35,000,000 shall be for continued implementation and expansion of the Sexual Assault Special Victims’ Counsel Program: Provided, That the funds are made available for transfer to the Department of the Army, the Department of the Navy, and the Department of the Air Force: Provided further, That funds transferred shall be merged with and available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which the funds are transferred: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. SEC. 8058. None of the funds appropriated in title IV of this Act may be used to procure enditems for delivery to military forces for operational training, operational use or inventory requirements: Provided, That this restriction does not apply to enditems used in development, prototyping, and test activities preceding and leading to acceptance for operational use: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, submit a report detailing the use of funds requested in research, development, test and evaluation accounts for enditems used in development, prototyping and test activities preceding and leading to acceptance for operational use: Provided further, That this restriction does not apply to programs funded within the National Intelligence Program: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that it is in the national security interest to do so. SEC. 8059. (a) The Secretary of Defense may, on a casebycase basis, waive with respect to a foreign country each limitation on the procurement of defense items from foreign sources provided in law if the Secretary determines that the application of the limitation with respect to that country would invalidate cooperative programs entered into between the Department of Defense and the foreign country, or would invalidate reciprocal trade agreements for the procurement of defense items entered into under section 2531 of title 10, United States Code, and the country does not discriminate against the same or similar defense items produced in the United States for that country. (b) Subsection (a) applies with respect to— (1) contracts and subcontracts entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) options for the procurement of items that are exercised after such date under contracts that are entered into before such date if the option prices are adjusted for any reason other than the application of a waiver granted under subsection (a). 
(c) Subsection (a) does not apply to a limitation regarding construction of public vessels, ball and roller bearings, food, and clothing or textile materials as defined by section XI (chapters 50–65) of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States and products classified under headings 4010, 4202, 4203, 6401 through 6406, 6505, 7019, 7218 through 7229, 7304.41 through 7304.49, 7306.40, 7502 through 7508, 8105, 8108, 8109, 8211, 8215, and 9404. SEC. 8060. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or other Department of Defense Appropriations Acts may be obligated or expended for the purpose of performing repairs or maintenance to military family housing units of the Department of Defense, including areas in such military family housing units that may be used for the purpose of conducting official Department of Defense business. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8061. Of the amounts appropriated for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, up to $1,000,000 shall be available for transfer to the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Development Trust Fund established under section 116 of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development Act (2 U.S.C. 1105). SEC. 8062. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, DefenseWide’’ for any new start advanced concept technology demonstration project or joint capability demonstration project may only be obligated 45 days after a report, including a description of the project, the planned acquisition and transition strategy and its estimated annual and total cost, has been provided in writing to the congressional defense committees: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national interest to do so. SEC. 8063. The Secretary of Defense shall continue to provide a classified quarterly report to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees, Subcommittees on Defense on certain matters as directed in the classified annex accompanying this Act. SEC. 8064. Notwithstanding section 12310(b) of title 10, United States Code, a Reserve who is a member of the National Guard serving on fulltime National Guard duty under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, may perform duties in support of the ground based elements of the National Ballistic Missile Defense System. SEC. 8065. None of the funds provided in this Act may be used to transfer to any nongovernmental entity ammunition held by the Department of Defense that has a center fire cartridge and a United States military nomenclature designation of ‘‘armor penetrator’’, ‘‘armor piercing (AP)’’, ‘‘armor piercing incendiary (API)’’, or ‘‘armorpiercing incendiary tracer (API–T)’’, except to an entity performing demilitarization services for the Department of Defense under a contract that requires the entity to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Department of Defense that armor piercing projectiles are either: (1) rendered incapable of reuse by the demilitarization process; or (2) used to manufacture ammunition pursuant to a contract with the Department of Defense or the manufacture of ammunition for export pursuant to a License for Permanent Export of Unclassified Military Articles issued by the Department of State. SEC. 8066. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, may waive payment of all or part of the consideration that otherwise would be required under section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, in the case of a lease of personal property for a period not in excess of 1 year to any organization specified in section 508(d) of title 32, United States Code, or any other youth, social, or fraternal nonprofit organization as may be approved by the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, on a caseby case basis. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8067. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $66,881,780 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Defense is authorized to transfer such funds to other activities of the Federal Government: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense is authorized to enter into and carry out contracts for the acquisition of real property, construction, personal services, and operations related to projects carrying out the purposes of this section: Provided further, That contracts entered into under the authority of this section may provide for such indemnification as the Secretary determines to be necessary: Pro vided further, That projects authorized by this section shall comply with applicable Federal, State, and local law to the maximum extent consistent with the national security, as determined by the Secretary of Defense. SEC. 8068. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to take any action to modify— (1) the appropriations account structure for the National Intelligence Program budget, including through the creation of a new appropriation or new appropriation account; (2) how the National Intelligence Program budget request is presented in the unclassified P–1, R–1, and O–1 documents supporting the Department of Defense budget request; (3) the process by which the National Intelligence Program appropriations are apportioned to the executing agencies; or (4) the process by which the National Intelligence Program appropriations are allotted, obligated and disbursed. (b) Nothing in section (a) shall be construed to prohibit the merger of programs or changes to the National Intelligence Program budget at or below the Expenditure Center level, provided such change is otherwise in accordance with paragraphs (a)(1)–(3). (c) The Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense may jointly, only for the purposes of achieving auditable financial statements and improving fiscal reporting, study and develop detailed proposals for alternative financial management processes. Such study shall include a comprehensive counterintelligence risk assessment to ensure that none of the alternative processes will adversely affect counterintelligence. (d) Upon development of the detailed proposals defined under subsection (c), the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) provide the proposed alternatives to all affected agencies; (2) receive certification from all affected agencies attesting that the proposed alternatives will help achieve auditability, improve fiscal reporting, and will not adversely affect counterintelligence; and (3) not later than 30 days after receiving all necessary certifications under paragraph (2), present the proposed alternatives and certifications to the congressional defense and intelligence committees. SEC. 8069. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, $10,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense, to remain available for obligation until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, that upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, these funds shall be available only for a grant to the Fisher House Foundation, Inc., only for the construction and furnishing of additional Fisher Houses to meet the needs of military family members when confronted with the illness or hospitalization of an eligible military beneficiary. SEC. 8070. Any notice that is required to be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives under section 806(c)(4) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note) after the date of the enactment of this Act shall be submitted pursuant to that requirement concurrently to the Subcommittees on Defense of the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8071. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the headings ‘‘Procurement, DefenseWide’’ and ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, DefenseWide’’, $705,800,000 shall be for the Israeli Cooperative Programs: Provided, That of this amount, $92,000,000 shall be for the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Government of Israel for the procurement of the Iron Dome defense system to counter shortrange rocket threats, subject to the U.S.Israel Iron Dome Procurement Agreement, as amended; $221,500,000 shall be for the Short Range Ballistic Missile Defense (SRBMD) program, including cruise missile defense research and development under the SRBMD program, of which $120,000,000 shall be for coproduction activities of SRBMD systems in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.Israeli coproduction agreement for SRBMD, as amended; $310,000,000 shall be for an uppertier component to the Israeli Missile Defense Architecture, of which $120,000,000 shall be for coproduction activities of Arrow 3 Upper Tier systems in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.Israeli coproduction agreement for Arrow 3 Upper Tier, as amended, of which $105,000,000 shall be for testing of the uppertier component to the Israeli Missile Defense Architecture in the United States; and $82,300,000 shall be for the Arrow System Improvement Program including development of a long range, ground and airborne, detection suite: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this provision is in addition to any other transfer authority contained in this Act. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8072. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, $117,542,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, to fund prior year shipbuilding cost increases: Pro vided, That upon enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall transfer funds to the following appropriations in the amounts specified: Provided further, That the amounts transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the appropriations to which transferred to: (1) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2008/2018: Carrier Replacement Program $20,000,000; (2) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2018: DDG–51 Destroyer $19,436,000; (3) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2018: Littoral Combat Ship $6,394,000; 
(4) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2018: LHA Replacement $14,200,000; (5) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2013/2018: DDG–51 Destroyer $31,941,000; (6) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2014/2018: Litoral Combat Ship $20,471,000; and (7) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2015/2018: LCAC $5,100,000. SEC. 8073. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2018 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. SEC. 8074. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity unless such program, project, or activity must be undertaken immediately in the interest of national security and only after written prior notification to the congressional defense committees. SEC. 8075. The budget of the President for fiscal year 2019 submitted to the Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, shall include separate budget justification documents for costs of United States Armed Forces’ participation in contingency operations for the Military Personnel accounts, the Operation and Maintenance accounts, the Procurement accounts, and the Research, Development, Test and Evaluation accounts: Provided, That these documents shall include a description of the funding requested for each contingency operation, for each military service, to include all Active and Reserve components, and for each appropriations account: Provided further, That these documents shall include estimated costs for each element of expense or object class, a reconciliation of increases and decreases for each contingency operation, and programmatic data including, but not limited to, troop strength for each Active and Reserve component, and estimates of the major weapons systems deployed in support of each contingency: Provided further, That these documents shall include budget exhibits OP–5 and OP–32 (as defined in the Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation) for all contingency operations for the budget year and the two preceding fiscal years. SEC. 8076. None of the funds in this Act may be used for research, development, test, evaluation, procurement or deployment of nuclear armed interceptors of a missile defense system. SEC. 8077. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, to reflect savings due to favorable foreign exchange rates, the total amount appropriated in this Act is hereby reduced by $4,000,000. SEC. 8078. The Secretary of Defense may use up to $800,000,000 of the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act to the Department of Defense for the rapid acquisition and deployment of supplies and associated support services pursuant to section 806 of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note): Pro vided, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees promptly of all uses of this authority. SEC. 8079. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to reduce or disestablish the operation of the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron of the Air Force Reserve, if such action would reduce the WC–130 Weather Reconnaissance mission below the levels funded in this Act: Provided, That the Air Force shall allow the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron to perform other missions in support of national defense requirements during the non hurricane season. SEC. 8080. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for integration of foreign intelligence information unless the information has been lawfully collected and processed during the conduct of authorized foreign intelligence activities: Provided, That information pertaining to United States persons shall only be handled in accordance with protections provided in the Fourth Amendment of the United States Constitution as implemented through Executive Order No. 12333. SEC. 8081. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to transfer research and development, acquisition, or other program authority relating to current tactical unmanned aerial vehicles (TUAVs) from the Army. (b) The Army shall retain responsibility for and operational control of the MQ–1C Gray Eagle Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) in order to support the Secretary of Defense in matters relating to the employment of unmanned aerial vehicles. SEC. 8082. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appropriated for research and technology, which shall remain available until September 30, 2019. SEC. 8083. For purposes of section 1553(b) of title 31, United States Code, any subdivision of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ shall be considered to be for the same purpose as any subdivision under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ appropriations in any prior fiscal year, and the 1 percent limitation shall apply to the total amount of the appropriation. SEC. 8084. (a) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit a report to the congressional intelligence committees to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2018: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appropriation by Expenditure Center and project; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. (b) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in subsection (a) is submitted to the congressional intelligence committees, unless the Director of National Intelligence certifies in writing to the congressional intelligence committees that such reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement. SEC. 8085. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to eliminate, restructure, or realign Army Contracting Command—New Jersey or make disproportionate personnel reductions at any Army Contracting Command—New Jersey sites without 30day prior notification to the congressional defense committees. SEC. 8086. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any transfer of funds, appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act, for support to friendly foreign countries in connection with the conduct of operations in which the United States is not participating, pursuant to section 331(d) Title 10 U.S.C. shall be made in accordance with sections 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. SEC. 8087. Any transfer of amounts appropriated to, credited to, or deposited in the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund in or for fiscal year 2018 to a military department or Defense Agency pursuant to section 1705(e)(1) of title 10, United States Code, shall be covered by and subject to sections 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. SEC. 8088. None of the funds made available by this Act for excess defense articles, assistance under section 333 of title 10, United States Code, or peacekeeping operations for the countries designated annually to be in violation of the standards of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008 (Public Law 110– 457; 22 U.S.C. 2370c–1) may be used to support any military training or operation that includes child soldiers, as defined by the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008, unless such assistance is otherwise permitted under section 404 of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008. SEC. 8089. (a) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming or transfer of funds in accordance with section 102A(d) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that— (1) creates a new start effort; (2) terminates a program with appropriated funding of $10,000,000 or more; (3) transfers funding into or out of the National Intelligence Program; or (4) transfers funding between appropriations, unless the congressional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notification period may be reduced for urgent national security requirements. (b) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming or transfer of funds in accordance with section 102A(d) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that results in a cumulative increase or decrease of the levels specified in the classified annex accompanying the Act unless the congressional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notification period may be reduced for urgent national security requirements. SEC. 8090. The Director of National Intelligence shall submit to Congress each year, at or about the time that the President’s budget is submitted to Congress that year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a futureyears intelligence program (including associated annexes) reflecting the estimated expenditures and proposed appropriations included in that budget. Any such futureyears intelligence program shall cover the fiscal year with respect to which the budget is submitted and at least the four succeeding fiscal years. SEC. 8091. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional intelligence committees’’ means the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8092. During the current fiscal year, not to exceed $11,000,000 from each of the appropriations made in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, and ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ may be transferred by the military department concerned to its central fund established for Fisher Houses and Suites pursuant to section 2493(d) of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 8093. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be available for the purpose of making remittances to the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund in accordance with section 1705 of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 8094. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report compromises national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such report shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Committee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. SEC. 8095. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be expended for any Federal contract for an amount in excess of $1,000,000, unless the contractor agrees not to— (1) enter into any agreement with any of its employees or independent contractors that requires, as a condition of employment, that the employee or independent contractor agree to resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention; or (2) take any action to enforce any provision of an existing agreement with an employee or independent contractor that mandates that the employee or independent contractor resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention. (b) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be expended for any Federal contract unless the contractor certifies that it requires each covered subcontractor to agree not to enter into, and not to take any action to enforce any provision of, any agreement as described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), with respect to any employee or independent contractor performing work related to such subcontract. For purposes of this subsection, a ‘‘covered subcontractor’’ is an entity that has a subcontract in excess of $1,000,000 on a contract subject to subsection (a). (c) The prohibitions in this section do not apply with respect to a contractor’s or subcontractor’s agreements with employees or independent contractors that may not be enforced in a court of the United States. (d) The Secretary of Defense may waive the application of subsection (a) or (b) to a particular contractor or subcontractor for the purposes of a particular contract or subcontract if the Secretary or the Deputy Secretary personally determines that the waiver is necessary to avoid harm to national security interests of the United States, and that the term of the contract or subcontract is not longer than necessary to avoid such harm. The determination shall set forth with specificity the grounds for the waiver and for the contract or subcontract term selected, and shall state any alternatives considered in lieu of a waiver and the reasons each such alternative would not avoid harm to national security interests of the United States. The Secretary of Defense shall transmit to Congress, and simultaneously make public, any determination under this subsection not less than 15 business days before the contract or subcontract addressed in the determination may be awarded. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8096. From within the funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Program in this Act, up to $115,519,000, shall be available for transfer to the Joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund in accordance with the provisions of section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010, Public Law 111–84: Provided, That for purposes of section 1704(b), the facility operations funded are operations of the integrated Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Ambulatory Care Center, and supporting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facility as described by section 706 of Public Law 110–417: Provided further, That additional funds may be transferred from funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Program to the Joint Department of Defense Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Defense to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. SEC. 8097. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or a component thereof in contravention of the provisions of section 130h of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 8098. Appropriations available to the Department of Defense may be used for the purchase of heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8099. Upon a determination by the Director of National Intelligence that such action is necessary and in the national interest, the Director may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer not to exceed $1,500,000,000 of the funds made available in this Act for the National Intelligence Program: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen intelligence requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2018. SEC. 8100. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. SEC. 8101. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to construct, acquire, or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual described in subsection (c) for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this subsection is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. SEC. 8102. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer any individual detained at United States Naval Station Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of the individual’s country of origin, any other foreign country, or any other foreign entity except in accordance with section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) and section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). SEC. 8103. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.). SEC. 8104. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of Defense, or any other official or officer of the Department of Defense, to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to Rosoboronexport or any subsidiary of Rosoboronexport. (b) The Secretary of Defense may waive the limitation in subsection (a) if the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, determines that it is in the vital national security interest of the United States to do so, and certifies in writing to the congressional defense committees that, to the best of the Secretary’s knowledge: (1) Rosoboronexport has ceased the transfer of lethal military equipment to, and the maintenance of existing lethal military equipment for, the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic; (2) The armed forces of the Russian Federation have withdrawn from Crimea, other than armed forces present on military bases subject to agreements in force between the Government of the Russian Federation and the Government of Ukraine; and (3) Agents of the Russian Federation have ceased taking active measures to destabilize the control of the Government of Ukraine over eastern Ukraine. (c) The Inspector General of the Department of Defense shall conduct a review of any action involving Rosoboronexport with respect to a waiver issued by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (b), and not later than 90 days after the date on 
which such a waiver is issued by the Secretary of Defense, the Inspector General shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the results of the review conducted with respect to such waiver. SEC. 8105. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for the purchase or manufacture of a flag of the United States unless such flags are treated as covered items under section 2533a(b) of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 8106. The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Service Secretaries, shall submit two reports to the congressional defense committees, not later than March 1, 2018, and not later than September 1, 2018, detailing the submission of records during the previous 6 months to databases accessible to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS), including the Interstate Identification Index (III), the National Crime Information Center (NCIC), and the NICS Index, as required by Public Law 110–180: Provided, That such reports shall provide the number and category of records submitted by month to each such database, by Service or Component: Provided further, That such reports shall identify the number and category of records submitted by month to those databases for which the Identification for Firearm Sales (IFFS) flag or other database flags were used to prevalidate the records and indicate that such persons are prohibited from receiving or possessing a firearm: Provided further, That such reports shall describe the steps taken during the previous 6 months, by Service or Component, to ensure complete and accurate submission and appropriate flagging of records of individuals prohibited from gun possession or receipt pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 922(g) or (n) including applicable records involving proceedings under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. SEC. 8107. (a) Of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Department of Defense, amounts may be made available, under such regulations as the Secretary of Defense may prescribe, to local military commanders appointed by the Secretary, or by an officer or employee designated by the Secretary, to provide at their discretion ex gratia payments in amounts consistent with subsection (d) of this section for damage, personal injury, or death that is incident to combat operations of the Armed Forces in a foreign country. (b) An ex gratia payment under this section may be provided only if— (1) the prospective foreign civilian recipient is determined by the local military commander to be friendly to the United States; (2) a claim for damages would not be compensable under chapter 163 of title 10, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Foreign Claims Act’’); and (3) the property damage, personal injury, or death was not caused by action by an enemy. (c) NATURE OF PAYMENTS .—Any payments provided under a program under subsection (a) shall not be considered an admission or acknowledgement of any legal obligation to compensate for any damage, personal injury, or death. (d) AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS .—If the Secretary of Defense determines a program under subsection (a) to be appropriate in a particular setting, the amounts of payments, if any, to be provided to civilians determined to have suffered harm incident to combat operations of the Armed Forces under the program should be determined pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary and based on an assessment, which should include such factors as cultural appropriateness and prevailing economic conditions. (e) LEGAL ADVICE .—Local military commanders shall receive legal advice before making ex gratia payments under this subsection. The legal advisor, under regulations of the Department of Defense, shall advise on whether an ex gratia payment is proper under this section and applicable Department of Defense regulations. (f) WRITTEN RECORD .—A written record of any ex gratia payment offered or denied shall be kept by the local commander and on a timely basis submitted to the appropriate office in the Department of Defense as determined by the Secretary of Defense. (g) REPORT .—The Secretary of Defense shall report to the congressional defense committees on an annual basis the efficacy of the ex gratia payment program including the number of types of cases considered, amounts offered, the response from ex gratia payment recipients, and any recommended modifications to the program. SEC. 8108. None of the funds available in this Act to the Department of Defense, other than appropriations made for necessary or routine refurbishments, upgrades or maintenance activities, shall be used to reduce or to prepare to reduce the number of deployed and nondeployed strategic delivery vehicles and launchers below the levels set forth in the report submitted to Congress in accordance with section 1042 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012. SEC. 8109. The Secretary of Defense shall post grant awards on a public Website in a searchable format. SEC. 8110. The Secretary of each military department, in reducing each research, development, test and evaluation and procurement account of the military department as required under paragraph (1) of section 828(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note), as amended by section 825(a)(3) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, shall allocate the percentage reduction determined under paragraph (2) of such section 828(d) proportionally from all programs, projects, or activities under such account: Provided, That the authority under section 804(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) to transfer amounts available in the Rapid Prototyping Fund shall be subject to section 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. SEC. 8111. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to fund the performance of a flight demonstration team at a location outside of the United States: Provided, That this prohibition applies only if a performance of a flight demonstration team at a location within the United States was canceled during the current fiscal year due to insufficient funding. SEC. 8112. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the National Security Agency to— (1) conduct an acquisition pursuant to section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 for the purpose of targeting a United States person; or (2) acquire, monitor, or store the contents (as such term is defined in section 2510(8) of title 18, United States Code) of any electronic communication of a United States person from a provider of electronic communication services to the public pursuant to section 501 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978. SEC. 8113. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. SEC. 8114. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pay the salary of any officer or employee of any agency funded by this Act who approves or implements the transfer of administrative responsibilities or budgetary resources of any program, project, or activity financed by this Act to the jurisdiction of another Federal agency not financed by this Act without the express authorization of Congress: Pro vided, That this limitation shall not apply to transfers of funds expressly provided for in Defense Appropriations Acts, or provisions of Acts providing supplemental appropriations for the Department of Defense. SEC. 8115. None of the funds made available in this Act may be obligated for activities authorized under section 1208 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1621) to initiate support for, or expand support to, foreign forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals unless the congressional defense committees are notified in accordance with the direction contained in the classified annex accompanying this Act, not less than 15 days before initiating such support: Provided, That none of the funds made available in this Act may be used under section 1208 for any activity that is not in support of an ongoing military operation being conducted by United States Special Operations Forces to combat terrorism: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may waive the prohibitions in this section if the Secretary determines that such waiver is required by extraordinary circumstances and, by not later than 72 hours after making such waiver, notifies the congressional defense committees of such waiver. SEC. 8116. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Iraq in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed forces into hostilities in Iraq, into situations in Iraq where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, or into Iraqi territory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congressional consultation and reporting requirements of sections 3 and 4 of such Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). SEC. 8117. None of the funds provided in this Act for the T–AO(X) program shall be used to award a new contract that provides for the acquisition of the following components unless those components are manufactured in the United States: Auxiliary equipment (including pumps) for shipboard services; propulsion equipment (including engines, reduction gears, and propellers); shipboard cranes; and spreaders for shipboard cranes. SEC. 8118. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, to reflect savings due to lower than anticipated fuel costs, the total amount appropriated in title II of this Act is hereby reduced by $110,780,000. SEC. 8119. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for Government Travel Charge Card expenses by military or civilian personnel of the Department of Defense for gaming, or for entertainment that includes topless or nude entertainers or participants, as prohibited by Department of Defense FMR, Volume 9, Chapter 3 and Department of Defense Instruction 1015.10 (enclosure 3, 14a and 14b). SEC. 8120. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose, plan for, or execute a new or additional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. SEC. 8121. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $289,255,000, to remain available until expended, may be used for any purposes related to the National Defense Reserve Fleet established under section 11 of the Merchant 
Ship Sales Act of 1946 (50 U.S.C. 4405): Pro vided, That such amounts are available for reimbursements to the Ready Reserve Force, Maritime Administration account of the United States Department of Transportation for programs, projects, activities, and expenses related to the National Defense Reserve Fleet. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8122. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act, the Secretary of Defense may use up to $46,000,000 under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’, and up to $45,000,000 under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, DefenseWide’’ to develop, replace, and sustain Federal Government security and suitability background investigation information technology systems of the Office of Personnel Management or other Federal agency responsible for conducting such investigations: Provided, That the Secretary may transfer additional amounts into these headings or into ‘‘Procurement, DefenseWide’’ using established reprogramming procedures prescribed in the Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation 7000.14, Volume 3, Chapter 6, dated September 2015: Pro vided further, That such funds shall supplement, not supplant any other amounts made available to other Federal agencies for such purposes. SEC. 8123. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the closure or realignment of the United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. SEC. 8124. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network is designed to block access to pornography websites. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities, or for any activity necessary for the national defense, including intelligence activities. SEC. 8125. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any transfer of funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act to the Global Engagement Center established by section 1287 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 22 U.S.C. 2656 note) shall be made in accordance with section 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. SEC. 8126. No amounts credited or otherwise made available in this or any other Act to the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund may be transferred to: (1) the Rapid Prototyping Fund established under section 804(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note); or (2) credited to a militarydepartment specific fund established under section 804(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (as amended by section 897 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017). SEC. 8127. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $235,000,000, for an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense Wide’’, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such funds shall only be available to the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Office of Economic Adjustment of the Department of Defense, or for transfer to the Secretary of Education, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to make grants, conclude cooperative agreements, or supplement other Federal funds to construct, renovate, repair, or expand elementary and secondary public schools on military installations in order to address capacity or facility condition deficiencies at such schools: Provided further, That in making such funds available, the Office of Economic Adjustment or the Secretary of Education shall give priority consideration to those military installations with schools having the most serious capacity or facility condition deficiencies as determined by the Secretary of Defense: Provided further, That as a condition of receiving funds under this section a local educational agency or State shall provide a matching share as described in the notice titled ‘‘Department of Defense Program for Construction, Renovation, Repair or Expansion of Public Schools Located on Military Installations’’ published by the Department of Defense in the Federal Register on September 9, 2011 (76 Fed. Reg. 55883 et seq.): Pro vided further, That these provisions apply to funds provided under this section, and to funds previously provided by Congress to construct, renovate, repair, or expand elementary and secondary public schools on military installations in order to address capacity or facility condition deficiencies at such schools to the extent such funds remain unobligated on the date of enactment of this section. SEC. 8128. In carrying out the program described in the memorandum on the subject of ‘‘Policy for Assisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Severely Ill/ Injured (Category II or III) Active Duty Service Members’’ issued by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs on April 3, 2012, and the guidance issued to implement such memorandum, the Secretary of Defense shall apply such policy and guidance, except that— (1) the limitation on periods regarding embryo cryopreservation and storage set forth in part III(G) and in part IV(H) of such memorandum shall not apply; and (2) the term ‘‘assisted reproductive technology’’ shall include embryo cryopreservation and storage without limitation on the duration of such cryopreservation and storage. SEC. 8129. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide arms, training, or other assistance to the Azov Battalion. SEC. 8130. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to purchase heavy water from Iran. SEC. 8131. Section 316(a)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘the study under this subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘the study and assessment under this section’’. SEC. 8132. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, from funds made available to the Department of Defense in title II of this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’, $15,000,000 shall be available for a project in a country designated by the Secretary of Defense: Pro vided, That in furtherance of the project the Department of Defense is authorized to acquire services, including services performed pursuant to a grant agreement, from another Federal agency, on an advance of funds or reimbursable basis: Provided further, That an order for services placed under this section is deemed to be an obligation in the same manner that a similar order placed under a contract with a private contractor is an obligation. TITLE IX OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS MILITARY PERSONNEL MILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Army’’, $2,683,694,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Navy’’, $377,857,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $103,979,000: Pro vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Air Force’’, $914,119,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Army’’, $24,942,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Navy’’, $9,091,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $2,328,000: Pro vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Air Force’’, $20,569,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘National Guard Personnel, Army’’, $184,589,000: Pro vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘National Guard Personnel, Air Force’’, $5,004,000: Pro vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $17,352,994,000: Pro vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $6,449,404,000: Pro vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, $1,401,536,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’, $10,873,895,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’, $7,575,195,000: Provided, That of the funds provided under this heading, not to exceed $1,000,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be for payments to reimburse key cooperating nations for logistical, military, and other support, including access, provided to United States military and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria: Provided further, That such reimbursement payments may be made in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, and in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, may determine, based on documentation determined by the Secretary of Defense to adequately account for the support provided, and such determination is final and conclusive upon the accounting officers of the United States, and 15 days following notification to the appropriate congressional committees: Provided further, That these funds may be used for the purpose of providing specialized training and procuring supplies and specialized equipment and providing such supplies and loaning such equipment on a nonreimbursable basis to coalition forces supporting United States military and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and 15 days following notification to the appropriate congressional committees: Pro vided further, That these funds may be used to support the Government of Jordan, in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense may determine, to enhance the ability of the armed forces of Jordan to increase or sustain security along its borders, upon 15 days prior written notification to the congressional defense committees outlining the amounts intended to be provided and the nature of the expenses incurred: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not to exceed $750,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be available to provide support and assistance to foreign security forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support or facilitate counterterrorism, crisis response, or other Department of Defense security cooperation programs: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees on the use of funds provided in this paragraph: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY RESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army Reserve’’, $24,699,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy Reserve’’, $23,980,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  RESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve’’, $3,367,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  RESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force Reserve’’, $53,523,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY NATIONAL GUARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard’’, $108,111,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  GUARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air National Guard’’, $15,400,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND For the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’, $4,666,815,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense for the purpose of allowing the Commander, Combined Security Transition Command—Afghanistan, or the Secretary’s designee, to provide assistance, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to the security forces of Afghanistan, including the provision of equipment, supplies, services, training, facility and infrastructure repair, renovation, construction, and funding: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may obligate and expend funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title for additional costs associated with existing projects previously funded with amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Afghanistan Infrastructure Fund’’ in prior Acts: Provided further, That such costs shall be limited to contract changes resulting from inflation, market fluctuation, rate adjustments, and other necessary contract actions to complete existing projects, and associated supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction: Provided further, That the Secretary may not use more than $50,000,000 under the authority provided in this section: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify in advance such contract changes and adjustments in annual reports to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the authority to provide assistance under this heading is in addition to any other authority to provide assistance to foreign nations: Provided further, That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any person, foreign government, or international organization may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees in writing upon the receipt and upon the obligation of any contribution, delineating the sources and amounts of the funds received and the specific use of such contributions: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees of any proposed new projects or transfer of funds between budget subactivity groups in excess of $20,000,000: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan or transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not less than $10,000,000 shall be for recruitment and retention of women in the Afghanistan National Security Forces, and the recruitment and training of female security personnel: Pro vided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. COUNTER ISIS T RAIN AND EQUIP FUND For the ‘‘CounterIslamic State of Iraq and Syria Train and Equip Fund’’, $1,769,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including training; equipment; logistics support, supplies, and services; stipends; infrastructure repair and renovation; 
and sustainment, to foreign security forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and their affiliated or associated groups: Provided further, That these funds may be used in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense may determine to enhance the border security of nations adjacent to conflict areas including Jordan, Lebanon, Egypt, and Tunisia resulting from actions of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading shall be available to provide assistance only for activities in a country designated by the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, as having a security mission to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and following written notification to the congressional defense committees of such designation: Pro vided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that prior to providing assistance to elements of any forces or individuals, such elements or individuals are appropriately vetted, including at a minimum, assessing such elements for associations with terrorist groups or groups associated with the Government of Iran; and receiving commitments from such elements to promote respect for human rights and the rule of law: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may accept and retain contributions, including assistance inkind, from foreign governments, including the Government of Iraq and other entities, to carry out assistance authorized under this heading: Pro vided further, That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any foreign government or other entity may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may waive a provision of law relating to the acquisition of items and support services or sections 40 and 40A of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780 and 2785) if the Secretary determines that such provision of law would prohibit, restrict, delay or otherwise limit the provision of such assistance and a notice of and justification for such waiver is submitted to the congressional defense committees, the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading, or under the heading, ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ in prior Acts, that was transferred to security forces, irregular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and returned by such forces or groups to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading, or under the heading, ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ in prior Acts, and not yet transferred to security forces, irregular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense when determined by the Secretary to no longer be required for transfer to such forces or groups and upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees on the use of funds provided under this heading, including, but not limited to, the number of individuals trained, the nature and scope of support and sustainment provided to each group or individual, the area of operations for each group, and the contributions of other countries, groups, or individuals: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Army’’, $420,086,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Procurement, Army’’, $709,283,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  COMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army’’, $1,191,139,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Army’’, $191,836,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procurement, Army’’, $405,575,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, $157,300,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. WEAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Weapons Procurement, Navy’’, $130,994,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $233,406,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procurement, Navy’’, $239,359,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, Marine Corps’’, $64,307,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, $503,938,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Pro vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Procurement, Air Force’’, $481,700,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. SPACE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Space Procurement, Air Force’’, $2,256,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force’’, $551,509,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, $3,324,590,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Pro vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT , DEFENSE WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, DefenseWide’’, $517,041,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT  ACCOUNT  For procurement of rotarywing aircraft; combat, tactical and support vehicles; other 
weapons; and other procurement items for the reserve components of the Armed Forces, $1,300,000,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020: Provided, That the Chiefs of National Guard and Reserve components shall, not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, individually submit to the congressional defense committees the modernization priority assessment for their respective National Guard or Reserve component: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this paragraph may be used to procure manned fixed wing aircraft, or procure or modify missiles, munitions, or ammunition: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army’’, $235,368,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy’’, $167,565,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force’’, $129,608,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , DEFENSE WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense Wide’’, $394,396,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS DEFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Working Capital Funds’’, $148,956,000: Pro vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Health Program’’, $395,805,000, which shall be for operation and maintenance: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. DRUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES , DEFENSE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Drug Interdiction and CounterDrug Activities, Defense’’, $196,300,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Office of the Inspector General’’, $24,692,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE SEC. 9001. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds made available in this title are in addition to amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 9002. Upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Secretary may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer up to $2,250,000,000 between the appropriations or funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title: Provided, That the Secretary shall notify the Congress promptly of each transfer made pursuant to the authority in this section: Provided further, That the authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense and is subject to the same terms and conditions as the authority provided in section 8005 of this Act. SEC. 9003. Supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction associated with a construction project funded with appropriations available for operation and maintenance or the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ provided in this Act and executed in direct support of overseas contingency operations in Afghanistan, may be obligated at the time a construction contract is awarded: Provided, That, for the purpose of this section, supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction include all inhouse Government costs. SEC. 9004. From funds made available in this title, the Secretary of Defense may purchase for use by military and civilian employees of the Department of Defense in the United States Central Command area of responsibility: (1) passenger motor vehicles up to a limit of $75,000 per vehicle; and (2) heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. SEC. 9005. Not to exceed $5,000,000 of the amounts appropriated by this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’ may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to fund the Commanders’ Emergency Response Program (CERP), for the purpose of enabling military commanders in Afghanistan to respond to urgent, smallscale, humanitarian relief and reconstruction requirements within their areas of responsibility: Provided, That each project (including any ancillary or related elements in connection with such project) executed under this authority shall not exceed $2,000,000: Provided further, That not later than 45 days after the end of each 6 months of the fiscal year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report regarding the source of funds and the allocation and use of funds during that 6month period that were made available pursuant to the authority provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes described herein: Provided further, That, not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal year quarter, the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees quarterly commitment, obligation, and expenditure data for the CERP in Afghanistan: Provided further, That, not less than 15 days before making funds available pursuant to the authority provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes described herein for a project with a total anticipated cost for completion of $500,000 or more, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a written notice containing each of the following: (1) The location, nature and purpose of the proposed project, including how the project is intended to advance the military campaign plan for the country in which it is to be carried out. (2) The budget, implementation timeline with milestones, and completion date for the proposed project, including any other CERP funding that has been or is anticipated to be contributed to the completion of the project. (3) A plan for the sustainment of the proposed project, including the agreement with either the host nation, a nonDepartment of Defense agency of the United States Government or a thirdparty contributor to finance the sustainment of the activities and maintenance of any equipment or facilities to be provided through the proposed project. SEC. 9006. Funds available to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to provide supplies, services, transportation, including airlift and sealift, and other logistical support to allied forces participating in a combined operation with the armed forces of the United States and coalition forces supporting military and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees regarding support provided under this section. SEC. 9007. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be obligated or expended by the United States Government for a purpose as follows: (1) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Iraq. (2) To exercise United States control over any oil resource of Iraq. (3) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Afghanistan. SEC. 9008. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of the following laws enacted or regulations promulgated to implement the United Nations Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (done at New York on December 10, 1984): (1) Section 2340A of title 18, United States Code. (2) Section 2242 of the Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998 (division G of Public Law 105–277; 112 Stat. 2681–822; 8 U.S.C. 1231 note) and regulations prescribed thereto, including regulations under part 208 
of title 8, Code of Federal Regulations, and part 95 of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations. (3) Sections 1002 and 1003 of the Department of Defense, Emergency Supplemental Appropriations to Address Hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, and Pandemic Influenza Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–148). SEC. 9009. None of the funds provided for the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ (ASFF) may be obligated prior to the approval of a financial and activity plan by the Afghanistan Resources Oversight Council (AROC) of the Department of Defense: Pro vided, That the AROC must approve the requirement and acquisition plan for any service requirements in excess of $50,000,000 annually and any nonstandard equipment requirements in excess of $100,000,000 using ASFF: Provided further, That the Department of Defense must certify to the congressional defense committees that the AROC has convened and approved a process for ensuring compliance with the requirements in the preceding proviso and accompanying report language for the ASFF. SEC. 9010. Funds made available in this title to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used to purchase items having an investment unit cost of not more than $250,000: Provided, That, upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary to meet the operational requirements of a Commander of a Combatant Command engaged in contingency operations overseas, such funds may be used to purchase items having an investment item unit cost of not more than $500,000. SEC. 9011. Up to $500,000,000 of funds appropriated by this Act for the Defense Security Cooperation Agency in ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’ may be used to provide assistance to the Government of Jordan to support the armed forces of Jordan and to enhance security along its borders. SEC. 9012. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘CounterISIS Train and Equip Fund’’ may be used to procure or transfer manportable air defense systems. SEC. 9013. For the ‘‘Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative’’, $200,000,000 is hereby appropriated, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including training; equipment; lethal weapons of a defensive nature; logistics support, supplies and services; sustainment; and intelligence support to the military and national security forces of Ukraine, and for replacement of any weapons or defensive articles provided to the Government of Ukraine from the inventory of the United States: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not less than 15 days prior to obligating funds provided under this heading, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was transferred to the security forces of Ukraine and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the military or National Security Forces of Ukraine or returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That amounts made available by this section are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. SEC. 9014. Funds appropriated in this title shall be available for replacement of funds for items provided to the Government of Ukraine from the inventory of the United States to the extent specifically provided for in section 9013 of this Act. SEC. 9015. None of the funds made available by this Act under section 9013 for ‘‘Assistance and Sustainment to the Military and National Security Forces of Ukraine’’ may be used to procure or transfer manportable air defense systems. SEC. 9016. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’ for payments under section 1233 of Public Law 110–181 for reimbursement to the Government of Pakistan may be made available unless the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Government of Pakistan is— (1) cooperating with the United States in counterterrorism efforts against the Haqqani Network, the Quetta Shura Taliban, Lashkar eTayyiba, JaisheMohammed, Al Qaeda, and other domestic and foreign terrorist organizations, including taking steps to end support for such groups and prevent them from basing and operating in Pakistan and carrying out cross border attacks into neighboring countries; (2) not supporting terrorist activities against United States or coalition forces in Afghanistan, and Pakistan’s military and intelligence agencies are not intervening extrajudicially into political and judicial processes in Pakistan; (3) dismantling improvised explosive device (IED) networks and interdicting precursor chemicals used in the manufacture of IEDs; (4) preventing the proliferation of nuclear related material and expertise; (5) implementing policies to protect judicial independence and due process of law; (6) issuing visas in a timely manner for United States visitors engaged in counterterrorism efforts and assistance programs in Pakistan; and (7) providing humanitarian organizations access to detainees, internally displaced persons, and other Pakistani civilians affected by the conflict. (b) The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, may waive the restriction in subsection (a) on a caseby case basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national security interest to do so: Provided, That if the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, exercises such waiver authority, the Secretaries shall report to the congressional defense committees on both the justification for the waiver and on the requirements of this section that the Government of Pakistan was not able to meet: Provided further, That such report may be submitted in classified form if necessary. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 9017. In addition to amounts otherwise made available in this Act, $770,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense and made available for transfer only to the operation and maintenance, military personnel, and procurement accounts, to improve the intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capabilities of the Department of Defense: Provided, That the transfer authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act: Provided further, That not later than 30 days prior to exercising the transfer authority provided in this section, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees on the proposed uses of these funds: Pro vided further, That the funds provided in this section may not be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That amounts made available by this section are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the authority to provide funding under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2018. SEC. 9018. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Syria in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed or military forces into hostilities in Syria, into situations in Syria where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, or into Syrian territory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congressional consultation and reporting requirements of sections 3 and 4 of that law (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). SEC. 9019. None of the funds in this Act may be made available for the transfer of additional C–130 cargo aircraft to the Afghanistan National Security Forces or the Afghanistan Air Force until the Department of Defense provides a report to the congressional defense committees of the Afghanistan Air Force’s medium airlift requirements. The report should identify Afghanistan’s ability to utilize and maintain existing medium lift aircraft in the inventory and the best alternative platform, if necessary, to provide additional support to the Afghanistan Air Force’s current medium airlift capacity. 
(RESCISSIONS)  SEC. 9020. Of the funds appropriated in Department of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense Wide: Coalition Support Fund’’, 2017/2018, $500,000,000; ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense Wide: DSCA Security Cooperation’’, 2017/2018, $250,000,000; ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’, 2017/ 2018, $100,000,000; ‘‘CounterISIL Train and Equip Fund’’, 2017/2018, $80,000,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $25,100,000; and ‘‘CounterISIL Overseas Contingency Operations Transfer Fund’’, XXXX, $1,610,000,000. SEC. 9021. (a) Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a report on the United States strategy to defeat Al Qaeda, the Taliban, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), and their associated forces and cobelligerents. (b) The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An analysis of the adequacy of the existing legal framework to accomplish the strategy described in subsection (a), particularly with respect to the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) and the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (Public Law 107–243; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note). 
(2) An analysis of the budgetary resources necessary to accomplish the strategy described in subsection (a). (c) Not later than 30 days after the date on which the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees the report required by subsection (a), the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense shall testify at any hearing held by any of the appropriate congressional committees on the report and to which the Secretary is invited. (d) In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committees on Foreign Relations, Armed Services and Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Armed Services and Appropriations of the House of Representatives. SEC. 9022. Funds available for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund may be used to provide limited training, equipment, and other assistance that would otherwise be prohibited by 10 U.S.C. 362 to a unit of the security forces of Afghanistan only if the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees, within 30 days of a decision to provide such assistance, that (1) a denial of such assistance would present significant risk to U.S. or coalition forces or significantly undermine United States national security objectives in Afghanistan; and (2) the Secretary has sought a commitment by the Government of Afghanistan to take all necessary corrective steps: Provided, That such certification shall be accompanied by a report describing: (1) the information relating to the gross violation of human rights; (2) the circumstances that necessitated the provision of such assistance; (3) the Afghan security force unit involved; (4) the assistance provided and the assistance withheld; and (5) the corrective steps to be taken by the Government of Afghanistan: Provided further, That every 120 days after the initial report an additional report shall be submitted detailing the status of any corrective steps taken by the Government of Afghanistan: Provided further, That if the Government of Afghanistan has not initiated necessary corrective steps within one year of the certification, the authority under this section to provide assistance to such unit shall no longer apply: Provided further, That the Secretary shall submit a report to such committees detailing the final disposition of the case by the Government of Afghanistan. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION D—ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS —CIVIL The following appropriations shall be expended under the direction of the Secretary of the Army and the supervision of the Chief of Engineers for authorized civil functions of the Department of the Army pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related efforts. 
INVESTIGATIONS  For expenses necessary where authorized by law for the collection and study of basic information pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related needs; for surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of proposed river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, and aquatic ecosystem restoration projects, and related efforts prior to construction; for restudy of authorized projects; and for miscellaneous investigations, and, when authorized by law, surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of projects prior to construction, $123,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary shall initiate six new study starts during fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That the new study starts shall consist of five studies where the majority of the benefits are derived from navigation transportation savings or from flood and storm damage reduction and one study where the majority of benefits are derived from environmental restoration: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not deviate from the new starts proposed in the work plan, once the plan has been submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. CONSTRUCTION  For expenses necessary for the construction of river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects authorized by law; for conducting detailed studies, and plans and specifications, of such projects (including those involving participation by States, local governments, or private groups) authorized or made eligible for selection by law (but such detailed studies, and plans and specifications, shall not constitute a commitment of the Government to construction); $2,085,000,000, to remain available until expended; of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of construction costs for facilities under the Dredged Material Disposal Facilities program shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund as authorized by Public Law 104–303; and of which such sums as are necessary to cover onehalf of the costs of construction, replacement, rehabilitation, and expansion of inland waterways projects shall be derived from the Inland Waterways Trust Fund, except as otherwise specifically provided for in law: Provided, That the Secretary shall initiate five new construction starts during fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That the new construction starts shall consist of four projects where the majority of the benefits are derived from navigation transportation savings or from flood and storm damage reduction and one project where the majority of the benefits are derived from environmental restoration: Pro vided further, That for new construction projects, project cost sharing agreements shall be executed as soon as practicable but no later than September 30, 2018: Provided further, That no allocation for a new start shall be considered final and no work allowance shall be made until the Secretary provides to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an outyear funding scenario demonstrating the affordability of the selected new starts and the impacts on other projects: Provided further, That the Secretary may not deviate from the new starts proposed in the work plan, once the plan has been submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES  For expenses necessary for flood damage reduction projects and related efforts in the Mississippi River alluvial valley below Cape Girardeau, Missouri, as authorized by law, $425,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund: Provided, That the Secretary shall initiate one new study start during fiscal year 2018. 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  For expenses necessary for the operation, maintenance, and care of existing river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects authorized by law; providing security for infrastructure owned or operated by the Corps, including administrative buildings and laboratories; maintaining harbor channels provided by a State, municipality, or other public agency that serve essential navigation needs of general commerce, where authorized by law; surveying and charting northern and northwestern lakes and connecting waters; clearing and straightening channels; and removing obstructions to navigation, $3,630,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for coastal harbors and channels, and for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund; of which such sums as become available from the special account for the Corps of Engineers established by the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965 shall be derived from that account for resource protection, research, interpretation, and maintenance activities related to resource protection in the areas at which outdoor recreation is available; and of which such sums as become available from fees collected under section 217 of Public Law 104–303 shall be used to cover the cost of operation and maintenance of the dredged material disposal facilities for which such fees have been collected: Pro vided, That 1 percent of the total amount of funds provided for each of the programs, projects, or activities funded under this heading shall not be allocated to a field operating activity prior to the beginning of the fourth quarter of the fiscal year and shall be available for use by the Chief of Engineers to fund such emergency activities as the Chief of Engineers determines to be necessary and appropriate, and that the Chief of Engineers shall allocate during the fourth quarter any remaining funds which have not been used for emergency activities proportionally in accordance with the amounts provided for the programs, projects, or activities. REGULATORY PROGRAM  For expenses necessary for administration of laws pertaining to regulation of navigable waters and wetlands, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
PROGRAM  For expenses necessary to clean up contamination from sites in the United States resulting from work performed as part of the Nation’s early atomic energy program, $139,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
FLOOD CONTROL AND COASTAL EMERGENCIES  For expenses necessary to prepare for flood, hurricane, and other natural disasters and support emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to such disasters as authorized by law, $35,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the supervision and general administration of the civil works program in the headquarters of the Corps of Engineers and the offices of the Division Engineers; and for costs of management and operation of the Humphreys Engineer Center Support Activity, the Institute for Water Resources, the United States Army Engineer Research and Development Center, and the United States Army Corps of Engineers Finance Center allocable to the civil works program, $185,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for official reception and representation purposes and only during the current fiscal year: Provided, 
That no part of any other appropriation provided in this title shall be available to fund the civil works activities of the Office of the Chief of Engineers or the civil works executive direction and management activities of the division offices: Provided further, That any Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies appropriation may be used to fund the supervision and general administration of emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to any flood, hurricane, or other natural disaster. 
ARMY FOR CIVIL WORKS  For the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works as authorized by 10 U.S.C. 3016(b)(3), $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not more than 75 percent of such amount may be obligated or expended until the Assistant Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a work plan that allocates at least 95 percent of the additional funding provided under each heading in this title (as designated under such heading in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act)) to specific programs, projects, or activities. GENERAL PROVISIONS—CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 101. (a) None of the funds provided in title I of this Act, or provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in title I of this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2018, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that: (1) creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act, unless prior approval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations; (4) proposes to use funds directed for a specific activity for a different purpose, unless prior approval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations; (5) augments or reduces existing programs, projects, or activities in excess of the amounts contained in paragraphs (6) through (10), unless prior approval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations; (6) INVESTIGATIONS .—For a base level over $100,000, reprogramming of 25 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $150,000 per project, study or activity is allowed: Pro vided, That for a base level less than $100,000, the reprogramming limit is $25,000: Provided further, That up to $25,000 may be reprogrammed into any continuing study or activity that did not receive an appropriation for existing obligations and concomitant administrative expenses; (7) CONSTRUCTION .—For a base level over $2,000,000, reprogramming of 15 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $3,000,000 per project, study or activity is allowed: Pro vided, That for a base level less than $2,000,000, the reprogramming limit is $300,000: Provided further, That up to $3,000,000 may be reprogrammed for settled contractor claims, changed conditions, or real estate deficiency judgments: Provided further, That up to $300,000 may be reprogrammed into any continuing study or activity that did not receive an appropriation for existing obligations and concomitant administrative expenses; (8) OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE .—Unlim ited reprogramming authority is granted for the Corps to be able to respond to emergencies: Provided, That the Chief of Engineers shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations of these emergency actions as soon thereafter as practicable: Provided further, That for a base level over $1,000,000, reprogramming of 15 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $5,000,000 per project, study, or activity is allowed: Provided further, That for a base level less than $1,000,000, the reprogramming limit is $150,000: Provided further, That $150,000 may be reprogrammed into any continuing study or activity that did not receive an appropriation; (9) MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES .— The reprogramming guidelines in paragraphs (6), (7), and (8) shall apply to the Investigations, Construction, and Operation and Maintenance portions of the Mississippi River and Tributaries Account, respectively; and (10) FORMERLY UTILIZED SITES REMEDIAL AC TION PROGRAM .—Reprogramming of up to 15 percent of the base of the receiving project is permitted. (b) DEMINIMUS REPROGRAMMINGS .—In no case should a reprogramming for less than $50,000 be submitted to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. (c) CONTINUING AUTHORITIES PROGRAM .— Subsection (a)(1) shall not apply to any project or activity funded under the continuing authorities program. (d) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for the current fiscal year which shall include: (1) A table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if applicable, and the fiscal year enacted level; and (2) A delineation in the table for each appropriation both by object class and program, project and activity as detailed in the budget appendix for the respective appropriations; and (3) An identification of items of special congressional interest. SEC. 102. The Secretary shall allocate funds made available in this Act solely in accordance with the provisions of this Act and the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act), including the determination and designation of new starts. SEC. 103. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to award or modify any contract that commits funds beyond the amounts appropriated for that program, project, or activity that remain unobligated, except that such amounts may include any funds that have been made available through reprogramming pursuant to section 101. SEC. 104. The Secretary of the Army may transfer to the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Fish and Wildlife Service may accept and expend, up to $5,400,000 of funds provided in this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ to mitigate for fisheries lost due to Corps of Engineers projects. SEC. 105. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for an open lake placement alternative for dredged material, after evaluating the least costly, environmentally acceptable manner for the disposal or management of dredged material originating from Lake Erie or tributaries thereto, unless it is approved under a State water quality certification pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1341): Provided, That until an open lake placement alternative for dredged material is approved under a State water quality certification, the Corps of Engineers shall continue upland placement of such dredged material consistent with the requirements of section 101 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2211). SEC. 106. None of the funds made available in this title may be used for any acquisition of buoy chain that is not consistent with 48 CFR 225.7007, subsections (a)(1) and (a)(2). SEC. 107. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out any water supply reallocation study under the Wolf Creek Dam, Lake Cumberland, Kentucky, project authorized under the Act of July 24, 1946 (60 Stat. 636, ch. 595). SEC. 108. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to require a permit for the discharge of dredged or fill material under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) for the activities identified in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 404(f)(1) of the Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(1)(A), (C)). SEC. 109. Relative to the Rough River Lake Flowage Easement Encroachment Resolution Plan, the Chief of Engineers shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, a report that includes an inventory of habitable structures and improvements built, installed, or established in the flowage easement boundary; whether each such structure or improvement in the inventory was built, installed or established within the flowage easement boundary before or after the surveys conducted by the Corps of Engineers in 2013, 2014, and 2015; and what notice landowners had of the flowage easement boundary prior to those surveys. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR CENTRAL UTAHPROJECT  
CENTRAL UTAH PROJECT COMPLETION ACCOUNT  For carrying out activities authorized by the Central Utah Project Completion Act, $10,500,000, to remain available until expended, of which $898,000 shall be deposited into the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Account for use by the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Commission: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading, $1,450,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for expenses necessary in carrying out related responsibilities of the Secretary of the Interior: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, of the amount made available to the Commission under this Act or any other Act, the Commission may use an amount not to exceed $1,500,000 for administrative expenses. BUREAU OF RECLAMATION  The following appropriations shall be expended to execute authorized functions of the Bureau of Reclamation: 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For management, development, and restoration of water and related natural resources and for related activities, including the operation, maintenance, and rehabilitation of reclamation and other facilities, participation in fulfilling related Federal responsibilities to Native Americans, and related grants to, and cooperative and other agreements with, State and local governments, federally recognized Indian tribes, and others, $1,332,124,000, to remain available until expended, of which $67,693,000 shall be available for transfer to the Upper Colorado River Basin Fund and $5,551,000 shall be available for transfer to the Lower Colorado 
River Basin Development Fund; of which such amounts as may be necessary may be advanced to the Colorado River Dam Fund: Provided, That such transfers may be increased or decreased within the overall appropriation under this heading: Provided further, That of the total appropriated, the amount for program activities that can be financed by the Reclamation Fund or the Bureau of Reclamation special fee account established by 16 U.S.C. 6806 shall be derived from that Fund or account: Provided further, That funds contributed under 43 U.S.C. 395 are available until expended for the purposes for which the funds were contributed: Pro vided further, That funds advanced under 43 U.S.C. 397a shall be credited to this account and are available until expended for the same purposes as the sums appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That of the amounts provided herein, funds may be used for highpriority projects which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps, as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1706: Pro vided further, That in accordance with section 4009(c) of Public Law 114–322 and as recommended by the Secretary in a letter dated November 21, 2017, funding provided for such purpose in fiscal year 2017 shall be made available to the North Valley Regional Recycled Water Program, the Orange County Sanitation District Effluent Reuse Implementation Project—Headworks Segregation, and the Groundwater Reliability Improvement Program (GRIP) Recycled Water Project: Provided further, That in accordance with section 4007 of Public Law 114–322 and as recommended by the Secretary in a letter dated February 23, 2018, funding provided for such purpose in fiscal year 2017 shall be made available to the Shasta Dam and Reservoir Enlargement Project, the NorthofDelta Offstream Storage Investigation/Sites Reservoir Storage Project, the Upper San Joaquin River Basin Storage Investigation, the FriantKern Canal Subsidence Challenges Project, the Boise River Basin Feasibility Study, the Yakima River Basin Water Enhancement Project—Cle Elum Pool Raise, and the Upper Yakima System Storage Feasibility Study. 
CENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT RESTORATION FUND  For carrying out the programs, projects, plans, habitat restoration, improvement, and acquisition provisions of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act, $41,376,000, to be derived from such sums as may be collected in the Central Valley Project Restoration Fund pursuant to sections 3407(d), 3404(c)(3), and 3405(f) of Public Law 102–575, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Bureau of Reclamation is directed to assess and collect the full amount of the additional mitigation and restoration payments authorized by section 3407(d) of Public Law 102–575: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used for the acquisition or leasing of water for in stream purposes if the water is already committed to instream purposes by a court adopted decree or order. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For carrying out activities authorized by the Water Supply, Reliability, and Environmental Improvement Act, consistent with plans to be approved by the Secretary of the Interior, $37,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such amounts as may be necessary to carry out such activities may be transferred to appropriate accounts of other participating Federal agencies to carry out authorized purposes: Provided, That funds appropriated herein may be used for the Federal share of the costs of CALFED Program management: Provided further, That CALFED implementation shall be carried out in a balanced manner with clear performance measures demonstrating concurrent progress in achieving the goals and objectives of the Program. POLICY AND ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for policy, administration, and related functions in the Office of the Commissioner, the Denver office, and offices in the five regions of the Bureau of Reclamation, to remain available until September 30, 2019, $59,000,000, to be derived from the Reclamation Fund and be nonreimbursable as provided in 43 U.S.C. 377: Provided, That no part of any other appropriation in this Act shall be available for activities or functions budgeted as policy and administration expenses. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  Appropriations for the Bureau of Reclamation shall be available for purchase of not to exceed five passenger motor vehicles, which are for replacement only. GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR SEC. 201. (a) None of the funds provided in title II of this Act for Water and Related Resources, or provided by previous or subsequent appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in title II of this Act for Water and Related Resources that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2018, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) initiates or creates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate; (4) restarts or resumes any program, project or activity for which funds are not provided in this Act, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate; (5) transfers funds in excess of the following limits, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: (A) 15 percent for any program, project or activity for which $2,000,000 or more is available at the beginning of the fiscal year; or (B) $400,000 for any program, project or activity for which less than $2,000,000 is available at the beginning of the fiscal year; (6) transfers more than $500,000 from either the Facilities Operation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation category or the Resources Management and Development category to any program, project, or activity in the other category, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate; or (7) transfers, where necessary to discharge legal obligations of the Bureau of Reclamation, more than $5,000,000 to provide adequate funds for settled contractor claims, increased contractor earnings due to accelerated rates of operations, and real estate deficiency judgments, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (b) Subsection (a)(5) shall not apply to any transfer of funds within the Facilities Operation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation category. (c) For purposes of this section, the term transfer means any movement of funds into or out of a program, project, or activity. (d) The Bureau of Reclamation shall submit reports on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing all the funds reprogrammed between programs, projects, activities, or categories of funding. The first quarterly report shall be submitted not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 202. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to determine the final point of discharge for the interceptor drain for the San Luis Unit until development by the Secretary of the Interior and the State of California of a plan, which shall conform to the water quality standards of the State of California as approved by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to minimize any detrimental effect of the San Luis drainage waters. (b) The costs of the Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and the costs of the San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program shall be classified by the Secretary of the Interior as reimbursable or nonreimbursable and collected until fully repaid pursuant to the ‘‘Cleanup Program—Alternative Repayment Plan’’ and the ‘‘SJVDP—Alternative Repayment Plan’’ described in the report entitled ‘‘Repayment Report, Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program, February 1995’’, prepared by the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Reclamation. Any future obligations of funds by the United States relating to, or providing for, drainage service or drainage studies for the San Luis Unit shall be fully reimbursable by San Luis Unit beneficiaries of such service or studies pursuant to Federal reclamation law. SEC. 203. (a) Section 104(c) of the Reclamation States Emergency Drought Relief Act of 1991 (43 U.S.C. 2214(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. (b) Section 301 of the Reclamation States Emergency Drought Relief Act of 1991 (43 U.S.C. 2241) is amended by— (1) striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; and (2) striking ‘‘$90,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$120,000,000’’. SEC. 204. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, during the period from November 1 through April 30, water users may use their diversion structures for the purpose of recharging the Eastern Snake Plain Aquifer, when the Secretary, in consultation with the Advisory Committee and Water District 1 watermaster, determines there is water available in excess of that needed to satisfy existing Minidoka Project storage and hydropower rights and ensure operational flexibility. TITLE III DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY ENERGY PROGRAMS ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND RENEWABLE ENERGY  For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for energy efficiency and renewable energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $2,321,778,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $162,500,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direction. 
ELECTRICITY DELIVERY AND ENERGY  RELIABILITY  For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for electricity delivery and energy reliability activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $248,329,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $28,500,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direction. NUCLEAR ENERGY  For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for nuclear energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $1,205,056,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $80,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direction. FOSSIL ENERGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out fossil energy research and development activities, under the authority of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition of interest, including defeasible and equitable interests in any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition or expansion, and for conducting inquiries, technological investigations and research concerning the extraction, processing, use, and disposal of mineral substances without objectionable social and environmental costs (30 U.S.C. 3, 1602, and 1603), $726,817,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount $60,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direction. NAVAL PETROLEUM AND OILSHALE RESERVES  For Department of Energy expenses necessary to carry out naval petroleum and oil shale reserve activities, $4,900,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not withstanding any other provision of law, unobligated funds remaining from prior years shall be available for all naval petroleum and oil shale reserve activities. STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE  For Department of Energy expenses necessary for Strategic Petroleum Reserve facility development and operations and program management activities pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $252,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That, as authorized by section 404 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–74; 42 U.S.C. 6239 note), the Secretary of Energy shall draw down and sell not to exceed $350,000,000 of crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve in fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That the proceeds from such drawdown and sale shall be deposited into the ‘‘Energy Security and Infrastructure Modernization Fund’’ during fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That such amounts shall remain available until expended for necessary expenses to carry out the Life Extension II project for the Strategic Petroleum Reserve: Provided further, That section 158 of the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 (division D of Public Law 115–56), as amended by the Further Extension of Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 (subdivision 3 of division B of Public Law 115–123), shall no longer apply. SPR PETROLEUM ACCOUNT  For the acquisition, transportation, and injection of petroleum products, and for other necessary expenses pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act of 1975, as amended (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), sections 403 and 404 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (42 U.S.C. 6241, 6239 note), and section 5010 of the 21st Century Cures Act (Public Law 114– 255), $8,400,000, to remain available until expended. NORTHEAST HOMEHEATING OILRESERVE  For Department of Energy expenses necessary for Northeast Home Heating Oil Reserve storage, operation, and management activities pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $6,500,000, to remain available until expended. ENERGY INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION  For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out the activities of the Energy Information Administration, $125,000,000, to remain available until expended. NONDEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for nondefense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $298,400,000, to remain available until expended. URANIUM ENRICHMENT DECONTAMINATION AND  DECOMMISSIONING FUND For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out uranium enrichment facility decontamination and decommissioning, remedial actions, and other activities of title II of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, and title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992, $840,000,000, to be derived from the Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and Decommissioning Fund, to remain available until expended, of which $35,732,000 shall be available in accordance with title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992. SCIENCE  For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for science activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, and purchase of not more than 16 passenger motor vehicles for replacement only, including one ambulance and one bus, $6,259,903,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $183,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direction. ADVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY — ENERGY  For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out the activities authorized by section 5012 of the America COMPETES Act (Public Law 110–69), $353,314,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $29,250,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direction. TITLE 17 INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY LOAN GUARANTEE PROGRAM  Such sums as are derived from amounts received from borrowers pursuant to section 1702(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 under this heading in prior Acts, shall be collected in accordance with section 502(7) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided, That for necessary administrative expenses to carry out this Loan Guarantee program, $33,000,000 is appropriated from fees collected in prior years pursuant to section 1702(h) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 which are not otherwise appropriated, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That if the amount in the previous proviso is not available from such fees, an amount for such purposes is also appropriated from the general fund so as to result in a total amount appropriated for such purpose of no more than $23,000,000: Provided further, That fees collected pursuant to such section 1702(h) for fiscal year 2018 shall be credited as offsetting collections under this heading and shall not be available until appropriated: Provided further, That the Department of Energy shall not subordinate any loan obligation to other financing in violation of section 1702 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 or subordinate any Guaranteed Obligation to any loan or other debt obligations in violation of section 609.10 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations. ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY VEHICLES  MANUFACTURING LOANPROGRAM  For Department of Energy administrative expenses necessary in carrying out the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. TRIBAL ENERGY LOANGUARANTEE PROGRAM  For Department of Energy administrative expenses necessary in carrying out the Tribal Energy Loan Guarantee Program, $1,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. DEPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  For salaries and expenses of the Department of Energy necessary for departmental administration in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), $285,652,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, including the hire of passenger motor vehicles and official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $30,000, plus such additional amounts as necessary to cover increases in the estimated amount of cost of work for others notwithstanding the provisions of the AntiDeficiency Act (31 U.S.C. 1511 et seq.): Provided, That such increases in cost of work are offset by revenue increases of the same or greater amount: Provided further, That moneys received by the Department for miscellaneous revenues estimated to total $96,000,000 in fiscal year 2018 may be retained and used for operating expenses within this account, as authorized by section 201 of Public Law 95–238, notwithstanding the provisions of 31 U.S.C. 3302: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $189,652,000. OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $49,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE ACTIVITIES NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION WEAPONS ACTIVITIES  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other incidental expenses necessary for atomic energy defense weapons activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $10,642,138,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $105,600,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direction. DEFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERATION  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other incidental expenses necessary for defense nuclear nonproliferation activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $2,048,219,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the unobligated balances from prior year appropriations available under this heading, $49,000,000 is hereby rescinded: Provided further, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NAVAL REACTORS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For Department of Energy expenses necessary for naval reactors activities to carry out the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition (by purchase, condemnation, construction, or otherwise) of real property, plant, and capital equipment, facilities, and facility expansion, $1,620,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which, $85,500,000 shall be transferred to ‘‘Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Nuclear Energy’’, for the Advanced Test Reactor: Provided, That of such amount, $47,651,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direction. FEDERAL SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for Federal Salaries and Expenses in the National Nuclear Security Administration, $407,595,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, including official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $12,000. ENVIRONMENTAL AND OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for atomic energy defense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $5,988,048,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $300,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direction. OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses, necessary for atomic energy defense, other defense activities, and classified activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $840,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $284,653,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for program direction. POWER MARKETING ADMINISTRATIONS BONNEVILLE POWER ADMINISTRATION FUND Expenditures from the Bonneville Power Administration Fund, established pursuant to Public Law 93–454, are approved for official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $5,000: Provided, That during fiscal year 2018, no new direct loan obligations may be made. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , SOUTHEASTERN  POWER ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for operation and maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, including transmission wheeling and ancillary services, pursuant to section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the southeastern power area, $6,379,000, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944, up to $6,379,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the Southeastern Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $51,000,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , SOUTHWESTERN POWER ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for operation and maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, for construction and acquisition of transmission lines, substations and appurtenant facilities, and for administrative expenses, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500 in carrying out section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the Southwestern Power Administration, $30,288,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), up to $18,888,000 collected by the Southwestern Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the Southwestern Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $11,400,000: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $40,000,000 collected by the Southwestern Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). CONSTRUCTION , R EHABILITATION , O PERATION  
AND MAINTENANCE , WESTERN AREA POWER  ADMINISTRATION  For carrying out the functions authorized by title III, section 302(a)(1)(E) of the Act of August 4, 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7152), and other related activities including conservation and renewable resources programs as authorized, $223,276,000, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to remain available until expended, of which $221,251,000 shall be derived from the Department of the Interior Reclamation Fund: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), and section 1 of the Interior Department Appropriation Act, 1939 (43 U.S.C. 392a), up to $129,904,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the Western Area Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $93,372,000, of which $91,347,000 is derived from the Reclamation Fund: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $209,000,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 and the Reclamation Project Act of 1939 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). FALCON AND AMISTAD OPERATING AND  MAINTENANCE FUND For operation, maintenance, and emergency costs for the hydroelectric facilities at the Falcon and Amistad Dams, $4,176,000, to remain available until expended, and to be derived from the Falcon and Amistad Operating and Maintenance Fund of the Western Area Power Administration, as provided in section 2 of the Act of June 18, 1954 (68 Stat. 255): Provided, That notwithstanding the provisions of that Act and of 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $3,948,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and related services from the Falcon and Amistad Dams shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, 
to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the hydroelectric facilities of these Dams and associated Western Area Power Administration activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $228,000: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration may accept up to $872,000 in funds contributed by United States power customers of the Falcon and Amistad Dams for deposit into the Falcon and Amistad Operating and Maintenance Fund, and such funds shall be available for the purpose for which contributed in like manner as if said sums had been specifically appropriated for such purpose: Provided further, That any such funds shall be available without further appropriation and without fiscal year limitation for use by the Commissioner of the United States Section of the International Boundary and Water Commission for the sole purpose of operating, maintaining, repairing, rehabilitating, replacing, or upgrading the hydroelectric facilities at these Dams in accordance with agreements reached between the Administrator, Commissioner, and the power customers. FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to carry out the provisions of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $3,000, and the hire of passenger motor vehicles, $367,600,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $367,600,000 of revenues from fees and annual charges, and other services and collections in fiscal year 2018 shall be retained and used for expenses necessary in this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as revenues are received during fiscal year 2018 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0. GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  SEC. 301. (a) No appropriation, funds, or authority made available by this title for the Department of Energy shall be used to initiate or resume any program, project, or activity or to prepare or initiate Requests For Proposals or similar arrangements (including Requests for Quotations, Requests for Information, and Funding Opportunity Announcements) for a program, project, or activity if the program, project, or activity has not been funded by Congress. (b)(1) Unless the Secretary of Energy notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 3 full business days in advance, none of the funds made available in this title may be used to— (A) make a grant allocation or discretionary grant award totaling $1,000,000 or more; (B) make a discretionary contract award or Other Transaction Agreement totaling $1,000,000 or more, including a contract covered by the Federal Acquisition Regulation; (C) issue a letter of intent to make an allocation, award, or Agreement in excess of the limits in subparagraph (A) or (B); or (D) announce publicly the intention to make an allocation, award, or Agreement in excess of the limits in subparagraph (A) or (B). (2) The Secretary of Energy shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress within 15 days of the conclusion of each quarter a report detailing each grant allocation or discretionary grant award totaling less than $1,000,000 provided during the previous quarter. (3) The notification required by paragraph (1) and the report required by paragraph (2) shall include the recipient of the award, the amount of the award, the fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appropriated, the account and program, project, or activity from which the funds are being drawn, the title of the award, and a brief description of the activity for which the award is made. (c) The Department of Energy may not, with respect to any program, project, or activity that uses budget authority made available in this title under the heading ‘‘Department of Energy—Energy Programs’’, enter into a multiyear contract, award a multiyear grant, or enter into a multiyear cooperative agreement unless— (1) the contract, grant, or cooperative agreement is funded for the full period of performance as anticipated at the time of award; or (2) the contract, grant, or cooperative agreement includes a clause conditioning the Federal Government’s obligation on the availability of future year budget authority and the Secretary notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 3 days in advance. (d) Except as provided in subsections (e), (f), and (g), the amounts made available by this title shall be expended as authorized by law for the programs, projects, and activities specified in the ‘‘Final Bill’’ column in the ‘‘Department of Energy’’ table included under the heading ‘‘Title III—Department of Energy’’ in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). (e) The amounts made available by this title may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Department shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed reprogramming that would cause any program, project, or activity funding level to increase or decrease by more than $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, during the time period covered by this Act. (f) None of the funds provided in this title shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates, initiates, or eliminates a program, project, or activity; (2) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds are denied or restricted by this Act; or (3) reduces funds that are directed to be used for a specific program, project, or activity by this Act. (g)(1) The Secretary of Energy may waive any requirement or restriction in this section that applies to the use of funds made available for the Department of Energy if compliance with such requirement or restriction would pose a substantial risk to human health, the environment, welfare, or national security. (2) The Secretary of Energy shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of any waiver under paragraph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 days after the date of the activity to which a requirement or restriction would otherwise have applied. Such notice shall include an explanation of the substantial risk under paragraph (1) that permitted such waiver. (h) The unexpended balances of prior appropriations provided for activities in this Act may be available to the same appropriation accounts for such activities established pursuant to this title. Available balances may be merged with funds in the applicable established accounts and thereafter may be accounted for as one fund for the same time period as originally enacted. SEC. 302. Funds appropriated by this or any other Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2018 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for fiscal year 2018. SEC. 303. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used for the construction of facilities classified as highhazard nuclear facilities under 10 CFR Part 830 unless independent oversight is conducted by the Office of Enterprise Assessments to ensure the project is in compliance with nuclear safety requirements. SEC. 304. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to approve critical decision2 or critical decision3 under Department of Energy Order 413.3B, or any successive departmental guidance, for construction projects where the total project cost exceeds $100,000,000, until a separate independent cost estimate has been developed for the project for that critical decision. SEC. 305. (a) None of the funds made available in this or any prior Act under the heading ‘‘Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation’’ may be made available to enter into new contracts with, or new agreements for Federal assistance to, the Russian Federation. (b) The Secretary of Energy may waive the prohibition in subsection (a) if the Secretary determines that such activity is in the national security interests of the United States. This waiver authority may not be delegated. (c) A waiver under subsection (b) shall not be effective until 15 days after the date on which the Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, in classified form if necessary, a report on the justification for the waiver. SEC. 306. (a) N EWREGIONAL RESERVES .— The Secretary of Energy may not establish any new regional petroleum product reserve unless funding for the proposed regional petroleum product reserve is explicitly requested in advance in an annual budget submission and approved by the Congress in an appropriations Act. (b) The budget request or notification shall include— (1) the justification for the new reserve; (2) a cost estimate for the establishment, operation, and maintenance of the reserve, including funding sources; (3) a detailed plan for operation of the reserve, including the conditions upon which the products may be released; (4) the location of the reserve; and (5) the estimate of the total inventory of the reserve. SEC. 307. The Secretary of Energy may not transfer more than $274,833,000 from the amounts made available under this title to the working capital fund established under section 653 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7263): Provided, That the Secretary may transfer additional amounts to the working capital fund after the Secretary provides notification in advance of any such transfer to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That any such notification shall identify the sources of funds 
by program, project, or activity: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress before adding or removing any activities from the fund. SEC. 308. Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Department of Energy, in consultation with the Office of Management and Budget, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a report that provides a detailed explanation, using specific receipts data and legal authorities, of how each of the Western Area Power Administration, the Southwestern Power Administration, and the Southeastern Power Administration are executing current receipt authority provided in this and prior year appropriations Acts to create carryover of unobligated balances for purchase power and wheeling expenditures. SEC. 309. (a) Funds provided by this Act for Project 99–D–143, Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility, and any funds provided by prior Acts for such Project that remain unobligated, may be made available only for construction and project support activities for such Project. (b) The Secretary of Energy shall not be subject to the requirements of subsection (a) if the Secretary waives the requirements of section 3121(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) in accordance with subsection (b) of such section. (c) If the Secretary waives the requirements of section 3121(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, the Secretary— (1) shall concurrently submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the lifecycle cost estimate used to make the certification under section 3121(b) of such Act; and (2) may not use funds provided for the Project to eliminate such Project until the date that is 30 days after the submission of the lifecycle cost estimate required under paragraph (1). SEC. 310. The unappropriated receipts currently in the Uranium Supply and Enrichment Activities account shall be transferred to and merged with the Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and Decommissioning Fund and shall be available only to the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts. SEC. 311. Notwithstanding section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), upon a determination by the President in this fiscal year that a regional supply shortage of refined petroleum product of significant scope and duration exists, that a severe increase in the price of refined petroleum product will likely result from such shortage, and that a draw down and sale of refined petroleum product would assist directly and significantly in reducing the adverse impact of such shortage, the Secretary of Energy may draw down and sell refined petroleum product from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. Proceeds from a sale under this section shall be deposited into the SPR Petroleum Account established in section 167 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6247), and such amounts shall be available for obligation, without fiscal year limitation, consistent with that section. TITLE IV INDEPENDENT AGENCIES APPALACHIAN REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary to carry out the programs authorized by the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965, and for expenses necessary for the Federal CoChairman and the Alternate on the Appalachian Regional Commission, for payment of the Federal share of the administrative expenses of the Commission, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $155,000,000, to remain available until expended. DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board in carrying out activities authorized by the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended by Public Law 100– 456, section 1441, $31,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. DELTA REGIONAL AUTHORITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Delta Regional Authority and to carry out its activities, as authorized by the Delta Regional Authority Act of 2000, notwithstanding sections 382F(d), 382M, and 382N of said Act, $25,000,000, to remain available until expended. DENALI COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Denali Commission including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment as necessary and other expenses, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended, notwithstanding the limitations contained in section 306(g) of the Denali Commission Act of 1998: Provided, That funds shall be available for construction projects in an amount not to exceed 80 percent of total project cost for distressed communities, as defined by section 307 of the Denali Commission Act of 1998 (division C, title III, Public Law 105–277), as amended by section 701 of appendix D, title VII, Public Law 106– 113 (113 Stat. 1501A–280), and an amount not to exceed 50 percent for nondistressed communities: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law regarding payment of a nonFederal share in connection with a grantinaid program, amounts under this heading shall be available for the payment of such a nonFederal share for programs undertaken to carry out the purposes of the Commission. NORTHERN BORDER REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Northern Border Regional Commission in carrying out activities authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $15,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts shall be available for administrative expenses, notwithstanding section 15751(b) of title 40, United States Code: Pro vided further, That during fiscal year 2018, the duties and authority of the Federal Cochairperson shall be assumed by the Northern Border Regional Commission Program Director if the position of the Federal Cochairperson and Alternate Federal Cochairperson is vacant. SOUTHEAST CRESCENT REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Southeast Crescent Regional Commission in carrying out activities authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $250,000, to remain available until expended. NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary for the Commission in carrying out the purposes of the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 and the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, $909,137,000, including official representation expenses not to exceed $25,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount appropriated herein, not more than $9,500,000 may be made available for salaries, travel, and other support costs for the Office of the Commission, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which, notwithstanding section 201(a)(2)(c) of the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5841(a)(2)(c)), the use and expenditure shall only be approved by a majority vote of the Commission: Provided further, That reve nues from licensing fees, inspection services, and other services and collections estimated at $779,768,032 in fiscal year 2018 shall be retained and used for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, not less than $10,000,000 shall be for activities related to the development of regulatory infrastructure for advanced nuclear technologies, and $16,200,000 shall be for international activities, except that the amounts provided under this proviso shall not be derived from fee revenues, notwithstanding 42 U.S.C. 2214: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2018 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $129,300,892: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be for university research and development in areas relevant to the Commission’s mission, and $5,000,000 shall be for a Nuclear Science and Engineering Grant Program that will support multiyear projects that do not align with programmatic missions but are critical to maintaining the discipline of nuclear science and engineering: Provided further, That $68,076.04 of unobligated balances from the funds transferred to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission from the United States Agency for International Development pursuant to section 632(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 are rescinded: Provided further, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $12,859,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That revenues from licensing fees, inspection services, and other services and collections estimated at $10,555,000 in fiscal year 2018 shall be retained and be available until September 30, 2019, for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2018 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $2,304,000: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $1,131,000 shall be for Inspector General services for the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, which shall not be available from fee revenues. NUCLEAR WASTE TECHNICAL REVIEW BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board, as authorized by Public Law 100–203, section 5051, $3,600,000, to be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund, to remain available until September 30, 2019. GENERAL PROVISIONS—INDEPENDENT AGENCIES SEC. 401. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall comply with the July 5, 2011, version of Chapter VI of its Internal Commission Procedures when responding to Congressional requests for information. 
SEC. 402. (a) The amounts made available by this title for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Commission shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed reprogramming that would cause any program funding level to increase or decrease by more than $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, during the time period covered by this Act. (b)(1) The Nuclear Regulatory Commission may waive the notification requirement in subsection (a) if compliance with such requirement would pose a substantial risk to human health, the environment, welfare, or national security. (2) The Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of any waiver under paragraph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 days after the date of the activity to which a requirement or restriction would otherwise have applied. Such notice shall include an explanation of the substantial risk under paragraph (1) that permitted such waiver and shall provide a detailed report to the Committees of such waiver and changes to funding levels to programs, projects, or activities. (c) Except as provided in subsections (a), (b), and (d), the amounts made available by this title for ‘‘Nuclear Regulatory Commission—Salaries and Expenses’’ shall be expended as directed in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). (d) None of the funds provided for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds are denied or restricted by this Act. (e) The Commission shall provide a monthly report to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, which includes the following for each program, project, or activity, including any prior year appropriations— (1) total budget authority; (2) total unobligated balances; and (3) total unliquidated obligations. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS SEC. 501. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pending before Congress, other than to communicate to Members of Congress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913. SEC. 502. (a) None of the funds made available in title III of this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer authority provided in this Act or any other appropriations Act for any fiscal year, transfer authority referenced in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act, or any authority whereby a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another department, agency, or instrumentality. (b) None of the funds made available for any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may be transferred to accounts funded in title III of this Act, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer authority provided in this Act or any other appropriations Act for any fiscal year, transfer authority referenced in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act), or any authority whereby a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another department, agency, or instrumentality. (c) The head of any relevant department or agency funded in this Act utilizing any transfer authority shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a semiannual report detailing the transfer authorities, except for any authority whereby a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another department, agency, or instrumentality, used in the previous 6 months and in the yearto date. This report shall include the amounts transferred and the purposes for which they were transferred, and shall not replace or modify existing notification requirements for each authority. SEC. 503. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of Executive Order No. 12898 of February 11, 1994 (Federal Actions to Address Environmental Justice in Minority Populations and LowIncome Populations). SEC. 504. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION E—FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY DEPARTMENTAL OFFICES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Departmental Offices including operation and maintenance of the Treasury Building and Freedman’s Bank Building; hire of passenger motor vehicles; maintenance, repairs, and improvements of, and purchase of commercial insurance policies for, real properties leased or owned overseas, when necessary for the performance of official business; executive direction program activities; international affairs and economic policy activities; domestic finance and tax policy activities, including technical assistance to Puerto Rico; and Treasurywide management policies and programs activities, $201,751,000: Provided, That of the amount appropriated under this heading— (1) not to exceed $350,000 is for official reception and representation expenses; (2) not to exceed $258,000 is for unforeseen emergencies of a confidential nature to be allocated and expended under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s certificate; and (3) not to exceed $24,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019, for— (A) the Treasurywide Financial Statement Audit and Internal Control Program; (B) information technology modernization requirements; (C) the audit, oversight, and administration of the Gulf Coast Restoration Trust Fund; (D) the development and implementation of programs within the Office of Critical Infrastructure Protection and Compliance Policy, including entering into cooperative agreements; (E) operations and maintenance of facilities; and (F) international operations. OFFICE OF TERRORISM AND FINANCIAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the necessary expenses of the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence to safeguard the financial system against illicit use and to combat rogue nations, terrorist facilitators, weapons of mass destruction proliferators, money launderers, drug kingpins, and other national security threats, $141,778,000: Provided, That of the amount appropriated under this heading: (1) up to $32,000,000 may be transferred to the Departmental Offices Salaries and Expenses appropriation and shall be available for administrative support to the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence; and (2) up to $5,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019. 
CYBERSECURITY ENHANCEMENT ACCOUNT  For salaries and expenses for enhanced cybersecurity for systems operated by the Department of the Treasury, $24,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Pro vided, That such funds shall supplement and not supplant any other amounts made available to the Treasury offices and bureaus for cybersecurity: Provided further, That the Chief Information Officer of the individual offices and bureaus shall submit a spend plan for each investment to the Treasury Chief Information Officer for approval: Provided further, That the submitted spend plan shall be reviewed and approved by the Treasury Chief Information Officer prior to the obligation of funds under this heading: Provided further, That of the total amount made available under this heading $1,000,000 shall be available for administrative expenses for the Treasury Chief Information Officer to provide oversight of the investments made under this heading: Provided further, That such funds shall supplement and not supplant any other amounts made available to the Treasury Chief Information Officer. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For development and acquisition of automatic data processing equipment, software, and services and for repairs and renovations to buildings owned by the Department of the Treasury, $4,426,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That these funds shall be transferred to accounts and in amounts as necessary to satisfy the requirements of the Department’s offices, bureaus, and other organizations: Provided further, That this transfer authority shall be in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be used to support or supplement ‘‘Internal Revenue Service, Operations Support’’ or ‘‘Internal Revenue Service, Business Systems Modernization’’. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $37,044,000, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; of which not to exceed $100,000 shall be available for unforeseen emergencies of a confidential nature, to be allocated and expended under the direction of the Inspector General of the Treasury; of which up to $2,800,000 to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be for audits and investigations conducted pursuant to section 1608 
of the Resources and Ecosystems Sustainability, Tourist Opportunities, and Revived Economies of the Gulf Coast States Act of 2012 (33 U.S.C. 1321 note); and of which not to exceed $1,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration in carrying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, including purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles (31 U.S.C. 1343(b)); and services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Inspector General for Tax Administration; $169,634,000, of which $5,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019; of which not to exceed $6,000,000 shall be available for official travel expenses; of which not to exceed $500,000 shall be available for unforeseen emergencies of a confidential nature, to be allocated and expended under the direction of the Inspector General for Tax Administration; and of which not to exceed $1,500 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Special Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110– 343), $34,000,000. FINANCIAL CRIMES ENFORCEMENT NETWORK  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and training expenses of nonFederal and foreign government personnel to attend meetings and training concerned with domestic and foreign financial intelligence activities, law enforcement, and financial regulation; services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; not to exceed $10,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and for assistance to Federal law enforcement agencies, with or without reimbursement, $115,003,000, of which not to exceed $34,335,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. TREASURY FORFEITURE FUND 
(RESCISSION)  Of the unobligated balances available under this heading, $702,000,000 are hereby permanently rescinded not later than September 30, 2018. 
(INCLUDING RETURN OF FUNDS)  In addition, of amounts in the Treasury Forfeiture Fund, $38,800,000 from funds paid to the United States Government by BNP Paribas S.A. as part of, or related to, a plea agreement dated June 27, 2014, entered into between the Department of Justice and BNP Paribas S.A., and subject to a consent order entered by the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on May 1, 2015, in United States v. BNPP, No. 14 Cr. 460 (S.D.N.Y.), are hereby returned to the General Fund of the Treasury. BUREAU OF THE FISCAL SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of operations of the Bureau of the Fiscal Service, $338,280,000; of which not to exceed $4,210,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, is for information systems modernization initiatives; and of which $5,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. In addition, $165,000, to be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to reimburse administrative and personnel expenses for financial management of the Fund, as authorized by section 1012 of Public Law 101–380. ALCOHOL AND TOBACCO TAX AND TRADE  BUREAU  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of carrying out section 1111 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, $111,439,000; of which not to exceed $6,000 for official reception and representation expenses; not to exceed $50,000 for cooperative research and development programs for laboratory services; and provision of laboratory assistance to State and local agencies with or without reimbursement: Provided, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be for the costs of accelerating the processing of formula and label applications: Provided further, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be for the costs associated with enforcement of the trade practice provisions of the Federal Alcohol Administration Act (27 U.S.C. 201 et seq.). UNITED STATES MINT 
UNITED STATES MINT PUBLIC ENTERPRISE FUND  Pursuant to section 5136 of title 31, United States Code, the United States Mint is provided funding through the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund for costs associated with the production of circulating coins, numismatic coins, and protective services, including both operating expenses and capital investments: Provided, That the aggregate amount of new liabilities and obligations incurred during fiscal year 2018 under such section 5136 for circulating coinage and protective service capital investments of the United States Mint shall not exceed $30,000,000. COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FINANCIAL  INSTITUTIONS FUNDPROGRAM ACCOUNT  To carry out the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvements Act of 1994 (subtitle A of title I of Public Law 103– 325), including services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the rate for EX–3, $250,000,000. Of the amount appropriated under this heading— (1) not less than $160,000,000, notwithstanding section 108(e) of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(e)) with regard to Small and/ or Emerging Community Development Financial Institutions Assistance awards, is available until September 30, 2019, for financial assistance, technical assistance, training, and outreach under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 108(a)(1), respectively, of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(a)(1)(A) and (B)), of which up to $2,680,000 may be used for the cost of direct loans, and of which up to $3,000,000, notwithstanding subsection (d) of section 108 of Public Law 103– 325 (12 U.S.C. 4707 (d)), may be available to provide financial assistance, technical assistance, training, and outreach to community development financial institutions to expand investments that benefit individuals with disabilities: Provided, That the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $25,000,000; (2) not less than $16,000,000, notwithstanding section 108(e) of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(e)), is available until September 30, 2019, for financial assistance, technical assistance, training, and outreach programs designed to benefit Native American, Native Hawaiian, and Alaska Native communities and provided primarily through qualified community development lender organizations with experience and expertise in community development banking and lending in Indian country, Native American organizations, tribes and tribal organizations, and other suitable providers; (3) not less than $25,000,000 is available until September 30, 2019, for the Bank Enterprise Award program; (4) not less than $22,000,000, notwithstanding subsections (d) and (e) of section 108 of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(d) and (e)), is available until September 30, 2019, for a Healthy Food Financing Initiative to provide financial assistance, technical assistance, training, and outreach to community development financial institutions for the purpose of offering affordable financing and technical assistance to expand the availability of healthy food options in distressed communities; (5) up to $27,000,000 is available until September 30, 2018, for administrative expenses, including administration of CDFI fund programs and the New Markets Tax Credit Program, of which not less than $1,000,000 is for development of tools to better assess and inform CDFI investment performance, and up to $300,000 is for administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program; and (6) during fiscal year 2018, none of the funds available under this heading are available for the cost, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of commitments to guarantee bonds and notes under section 114A of the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4713a): Provided, That commitments to guarantee bonds and notes under such section 114A shall not exceed $500,000,000: Provided further, That such section 114A shall remain in effect until December 31, 2018: Provided further, That of the funds awarded under this heading, not less than 10 percent shall be used for awards that support investments that serve populations living in persistent poverty counties: Pro vided further, That for the purposes of this section, the term ‘‘persistent poverty counties’’ means any county that has had 20 percent or more of its population living in poverty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1990 and 2000 decennial censuses and the 2011–2015 5year data series available from the American Community Survey of the Census Bureau. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE  
TAXPAYER SERVICES  For necessary expenses of the Internal Revenue Service to provide taxpayer services, including prefiling assistance and education, filing and account services, taxpayer advocacy services, and other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Commissioner, $2,506,554,000, of which not less than $9,890,000 shall be for the Tax Counseling for the Elderly Program, of which not less than $12,000,000 shall be available for lowincome taxpayer clinic grants, and of which not less than $15,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be available for a Community Volunteer Income Tax Assistance matching grants program for tax return preparation assistance, of which not less than $206,000,000 shall be available for operating expenses of the Taxpayer Advocate Service: Provided, That of the amounts made available for the Taxpayer Advocate Service, not less than $5,500,000 shall be for identity theft casework. 
ENFORCEMENT  For necessary expenses for tax enforcement activities of the Internal Revenue 
Service to determine and collect owed taxes, to provide legal and litigation support, to conduct criminal investigations, to enforce criminal statutes related to violations of internal revenue laws and other financial crimes, to purchase and hire passenger motor vehicles (31 U.S.C. 1343(b)), and to provide other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Commissioner, $4,860,000,000, of which not to exceed $50,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019, and of which not less than $60,257,000 shall be for the Interagency Crime and Drug Enforcement program. 
OPERATIONS SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Internal Revenue Service to support taxpayer services and enforcement programs, including rent payments; facilities services; printing; postage; physical security; headquarters and other IRSwide administration activities; research and statistics of income; telecommunications; information technology development, enhancement, operations, maintenance, and security; the hire of passenger motor vehicles (31 U.S.C. 1343(b)); the operations of the Internal Revenue Service Oversight Board; and other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Commissioner; $3,634,000,000, of which not to exceed $50,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019; of which not to exceed $10,000,000 shall remain available until expended for acquisition of equipment and construction, repair and renovation of facilities; of which not to exceed $1,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, for research; of which not to exceed $20,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided, That not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter, the Internal Revenue Service shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the Comptroller General of the United States detailing the cost and schedule performance for its major information technology investments, including the purpose and lifecycle stages of the investments; the reasons for any cost and schedule variances; the risks of such investments and strategies the Internal Revenue Service is using to mitigate such risks; and the expected developmental milestones to be achieved and costs to be incurred in the next quarter: Provided further, That the Internal Revenue Service shall include, in its budget justification for fiscal year 2019, a summary of cost and schedule performance information for its major information technology systems. 
BUSINESS SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION  For necessary expenses of the Internal Revenue Service’s business systems modernization program, $110,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, for the capital asset acquisition of information technology systems, including management and related contractual costs of said acquisitions, including related Internal Revenue Service labor costs, and contractual costs associated with operations authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Provided, That not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter, the Internal Revenue Service shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the Comptroller General of the United States detailing the cost and schedule performance for major information technology investments, including the purposes and lifecycle stages of the investments; the reasons for any cost and schedule variances; the risks of such investments and the strategies the Internal Revenue Service is using to mitigate such risks; and the expected developmental milestones to be achieved and costs to be incurred in the next quarter. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —INTERNAL  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  SEC. 101. Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available in this Act to the Internal Revenue Service may be transferred to any other Internal Revenue Service appropriation upon the advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations. SEC. 102. The Internal Revenue Service shall maintain an employee training program, which shall include the following topics: taxpayers’ rights, dealing courteously with taxpayers, crosscultural relations, ethics, and the impartial application of tax law. SEC. 103. The Internal Revenue Service shall institute and enforce policies and procedures that will safeguard the confidentiality of taxpayer information and protect taxpayers against identity theft. SEC. 104. Funds made available by this or any other Act to the Internal Revenue Service shall be available for improved facilities and increased staffing to provide sufficient and effective 1–800 help line service for taxpayers. The Commissioner shall continue to make improvements to the Internal Revenue Service 1–800 help line service a priority and allocate resources necessary to enhance the response time to taxpayer communications, particularly with regard to victims of taxrelated crimes. SEC. 105. None of the funds made available to the Internal Revenue Service by this Act may be used to make a video unless the ServiceWide Video Editorial Board determines in advance that making the video is appropriate, taking into account the cost, topic, tone, and purpose of the video. SEC. 106. The Internal Revenue Service shall issue a notice of confirmation of any address change relating to an employer making employment tax payments, and such notice shall be sent to both the employer’s former and new address and an officer or employee of the Internal Revenue Service shall give special consideration to an offerincompromise from a taxpayer who has been the victim of fraud by a third party payroll tax preparer. SEC. 107. None of the funds made available under this Act may be used by the Internal Revenue Service to target citizens of the United States for exercising any right guaranteed under the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. SEC. 108. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Internal Revenue Service to target groups for regulatory scrutiny based on their ideological beliefs. SEC. 109. None of funds made available by this Act to the Internal Revenue Service shall be obligated or expended on conferences that do not adhere to the procedures, verification processes, documentation requirements, and policies issued by the Chief Financial Officer, Human Capital Office, and AgencyWide Shared Services as a result of the recommendations in the report published on May 31, 2013, by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration entitled ‘‘Review of the August 2010 Small Business/SelfEmployed Division’s Conference in Anaheim, California’’ (Reference Number 2013–10–037). SEC. 110. None of the funds made available in this Act to the Internal Revenue Service may be obligated or expended— (1) to make a payment to any employee under a bonus, award, or recognition program; or (2) under any hiring or personnel selection process with respect to rehiring a former employee, unless such program or process takes into account the conduct and Federal tax compliance of such employee or former employee. SEC. 111. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to confidentiality and disclosure of returns and return information). SEC. 112. Except to the extent provided in section 6014, 6020, or 6201(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, no funds in this or any other Act shall be available to the Secretary of the Treasury to provide to any person a proposed final return or statement for use by such person to satisfy a filing or reporting requirement under such Code. SEC. 113. In addition to the amounts otherwise made available in this Act for the Internal Revenue Service, $320,000,000, to be available until September 30, 2019, shall be transferred by the Commissioner to the ‘‘Taxpayer Services’’, ‘‘Enforcement’’, or ‘‘Operations Support’’ accounts of the Internal Revenue Service for an additional amount to be used solely for carrying out Public Law 115–97: Provided, That such funds shall not be available until the Commissioner submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a spending plan for such funds. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  SEC. 114. Appropriations to the Department of the Treasury in this Act shall be available for uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901), including maintenance, repairs, and cleaning; purchase of insurance for official motor vehicles operated in foreign countries; purchase of motor vehicles without regard to the general purchase price limitations for vehicles purchased and used overseas for the current fiscal year; entering into contracts with the Department of State for the furnishing of health and medical services to employees and their dependents serving in foreign countries; and services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. SEC. 115. Not to exceed 2 percent of any appropriations in this title made available under the headings ‘‘Departmental Offices— Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’, ‘‘Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program’’, ‘‘Financial Crimes Enforcement Network’’, ‘‘Bureau of the Fiscal Service’’, and ‘‘Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau’’ may be transferred between such appropriations upon the advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That no transfer under this section may increase or decrease any such appropriation by more than 2 percent. SEC. 116. Not to exceed 2 percent of any appropriation made available in this Act to the Internal Revenue Service may be transferred to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration’s appropriation upon the advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That no transfer may increase or decrease any such appropriation by more than 2 percent. SEC. 117. None of the funds appropriated in this Act or otherwise available to the Department of the Treasury or the Bureau of Engraving and Printing may be used to redesign the $1 Federal Reserve note. SEC. 118. The Secretary of the Treasury may transfer funds from the ‘‘Bureau of the Fiscal ServiceSalaries and Expenses’’ to the Debt Collection Fund as necessary to cover the costs of debt collection: Provided, That such amounts shall be reimbursed to such salaries and expenses account from debt collections received in the Debt Collection Fund. 
SEC. 119. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used by the United States Mint to construct or operate any museum without the explicit approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the House Committee on Financial Services, and the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. SEC. 120. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act or source to the Department of the Treasury, the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, and the United States Mint, individually or collectively, may be used to consolidate any or all functions of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing and the United States Mint without the explicit approval of the House Committee on Financial Services; the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. SEC. 121. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for the Department of the Treasury’s intelligence or intelligence related activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 414) during fiscal year 2018 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. SEC. 122. Not to exceed $5,000 shall be made available from the Bureau of Engraving and Printing’s Industrial Revolving Fund for necessary official reception and representation expenses. SEC. 123. The Secretary of the Treasury shall submit a Capital Investment Plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than 30 days following the submission of the annual budget submitted by the President: Provided, That such Capital Investment Plan shall include capital investment spending from all accounts within the Department of the Treasury, including but not limited to the Departmentwide Systems and Capital Investment Programs account, Treasury Franchise Fund account, and the Treasury Forfeiture Fund account: Provided further, That such Capital Investment Plan shall include expenditures occurring in previous fiscal years for each capital investment project that has not been fully completed. SEC. 124. Within 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit an itemized report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the amount of total funds charged to each office by the Franchise Fund including the amount charged for each service provided by the Franchise Fund to each office, a detailed description of the services, a detailed explanation of how each charge for each service is calculated, and a description of the role customers have in governing in the Franchise Fund. SEC. 125. During fiscal year 2018— (1) none of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used by the Department of the Treasury, including the Internal Revenue Service, to issue, revise, or finalize any regulation, revenue ruling, or other guidance not limited to a particular taxpayer relating to the standard which is used to determine whether an organization is operated exclusively for the promotion of social welfare for purposes of section 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (including the proposed regulations published at 78 Fed. Reg. 71535 (November 29, 2013)); and (2) the standard and definitions as in effect on January 1, 2010, which are used to make such determinations shall apply after the date of the enactment of this Act for purposes of determining status under section 501(c)(4) of such Code of organizations created on, before, or after such date. SEC. 126. (a) Not later than 60 days after the end of each quarter, the Office of Financial Stability and the Office of Financial Research shall submit reports on their activities to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (b) The reports required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) the obligations made during the previous quarter by object class, office, and activity; (2) the estimated obligations for the remainder of the fiscal year by object class, office, and activity; (3) the number of fulltime equivalents within each office during the previous quarter; (4) the estimated number of fulltime equivalents within each office for the remainder of the fiscal year; and (5) actions taken to achieve the goals, objectives, and performance measures of each office. (c) At the request of any such Committees specified in subsection (a), the Office of Financial Stability and the Office of Financial Research shall make officials available to testify on the contents of the reports required under subsection (a). SEC. 127. Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of section 402(c) of the Helping Families Save their Homes Act of 2009, in utilizing funds made available by paragraph (1) of section 402(c) of such Act, the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program shall prioritize the performance of audits or investigations of any program that is funded in whole or in part by funds appropriated under the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, to the extent that such priority is consistent with other aspects of the mission of the Special Inspector General. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of the Treasury Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE II EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT AND FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT THEWHITE HOUSE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the White House as authorized by law, including not to exceed $3,850,000 for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 105; subsistence expenses as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 105, which shall be expended and accounted for as provided in that section; hire of passenger motor vehicles, and travel (not to exceed $100,000 to be expended and accounted for as provided by 3 U.S.C. 103); and not to exceed $19,000 for official reception and representation expenses, to be available for allocation within the Executive Office of the President; and for necessary expenses of the Office of Policy Development, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 107, $55,000,000. EXECUTIVE RESIDENCE AT THE WHITE HOUSE  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Executive Residence at the White House, $12,917,000, to be expended and accounted for as provided by 3 U.S.C. 105, 109, 110, and 112–114. 
REIMBURSABLE EXPENSES  For the reimbursable expenses of the Executive Residence at the White House, such sums as may be necessary: Provided, That all reimbursable operating expenses of the Executive Residence shall be made in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph: Pro vided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, such amount for reimbursable operating expenses shall be the exclusive authority of the Executive Residence to incur obligations and to receive offsetting collections, for such expenses: Pro vided further, That the Executive Residence shall require each person sponsoring a reimbursable political event to pay in advance an amount equal to the estimated cost of the event, and all such advance payments shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall require the national committee of the political party of the President to maintain on deposit $25,000, to be separately accounted for and available for expenses relating to reimbursable political events sponsored by such committee during such fiscal year: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall ensure that a written notice of any amount owed for a reimbursable operating expense under this paragraph is submitted to the person owing such amount within 60 days after such expense is incurred, and that such amount is collected within 30 days after the submission of such notice: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall charge interest and assess penalties and other charges on any such amount that is not reimbursed within such 30 days, in accordance with the interest and penalty provisions applicable to an outstanding debt on a United States Government claim under 31 U.S.C. 3717: Provided further, That each such amount that is reimbursed, and any accompanying interest and charges, shall be deposited in the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall prepare and submit to the Committees on Appropriations, by not later than 90 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Act, a report setting forth the reimbursable operating expenses of the Executive Residence during the preceding fiscal year, including the total amount of such expenses, the amount of such total that consists of reimbursable official and ceremonial events, the amount of such total that consists of reimbursable political events, and the portion of each such amount that has been reimbursed as of the date of the report: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall maintain a system for the tracking of expenses related to reimbursable events within the Executive Residence that includes a standard for the classification of any such expense as political or nonpolitical: Provided further, That no provision of this paragraph may be construed to exempt the Executive Residence from any other applicable requirement of subchapter I or II of chapter 37 of title 31, United States Code. WHITE HOUSE REPAIR AND RESTORATION  For the repair, alteration, and improvement of the Executive Residence at the White House pursuant to 3 U.S.C. 105(d), $750,000, to remain available until expended, for required maintenance, resolution of safety and health issues, and continued preventative maintenance. COUNCIL OF ECONOMIC ADVISERS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Council of Economic Advisers in carrying out its functions under the Employment Act of 1946 (15 U.S.C. 1021 et seq.), $4,187,000. NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL AND HOMELAND  SECURITY COUNCIL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the National Security Council and the Homeland Security 
Council, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $11,800,000. OFFICE OF ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Administration, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 107, and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $100,000,000, of which not to exceed $12,800,000 shall remain available until expended for continued modernization of information resources within the Executive Office of the President. OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Management and Budget, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, to carry out the provisions of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, and to prepare and submit the budget of the United States Government, in accordance with section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, $101,000,000, of which not to exceed $3,000 shall be available for official representation expenses: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Office of Management and Budget may be used for the purpose of reviewing any agricultural marketing orders or any activities or regulations under the provisions of the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937 (7 U.S.C. 601 et seq.): Provided further, That none of the funds made available for the Office of Management and Budget by this Act may be expended for the altering of the transcript of actual testimony of witnesses, except for testimony of officials of the Office of Management and Budget, before the Committees on Appropriations or their subcommittees: Provided further, That of the funds made available for the Office of Management and Budget by this Act, no less than three fulltime equivalent senior staff position shall be dedicated solely to the Office of the Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this or prior Acts shall be used, directly or indirectly, by the Office of Management and Budget, for evaluating or determining if water resource project or study reports submitted by the Chief of Engineers acting through the Secretary of the Army are in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and requirements relevant to the Civil Works water resource planning process: Provided further, That the Office of Management and Budget shall have not more than 60 days in which to perform budgetary policy reviews of water resource matters on which the Chief of Engineers has reported: Provided further, That the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall notify the appropriate authorizing and appropriating committees when the 60day review is initiated: Provided further, That if water resource reports have not been transmitted to the appropriate authorizing and appropriating committees within 15 days after the end of the Office of Management and Budget review period based on the notification from the Director, Congress shall assume Office of Management and Budget concurrence with the report and act accordingly. OFFICE OF NATIONAL DRUGCONTROL POLICY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of National Drug Control Policy; for research activities pursuant to the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469); not to exceed $10,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and for participation in joint projects or in the provision of services on matters of mutual interest with nonprofit, research, or public organizations or agencies, with or without reimbursement, $18,400,000: Provided, That the Office is authorized to accept, hold, administer, and utilize gifts, both real and personal, public and private, without fiscal year limitation, for the purpose of aiding or facilitating the work of the Office. FEDERAL DRUG CONTROL PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of National Drug Control Policy’s High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program, $280,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for drug control activities consistent with the approved strategy for each of the designated High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas (‘‘HIDTAs’’), of which not less than 51 percent shall be transferred to State and local entities for drug control activities and shall be obligated not later than 120 days after enactment of this Act: Provided, That up to 49 percent may be transferred to Federal agencies and departments in amounts determined by the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, of which up to $2,700,000 may be used for auditing services and associated activities: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the requirements of Public Law 106–58, any unexpended funds obligated prior to fiscal year 2016 may be used for any other approved activities of that HIDTA, subject to reprogramming requirements: Provided further, That each HIDTA designated as of September 30, 2017, shall be funded at not less than the fiscal year 2017 base level, unless the Director submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate justification for changes to those levels based on clearly articulated priorities and published Office of National Drug Control Policy performance measures of effectiveness: Provided further, That the Director shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the initial allocation of fiscal year 2018 funding among HIDTAs not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, and shall notify the Committees of planned uses of discretionary HIDTA funding, as determined in consultation with the HIDTA Directors, not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds so transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein and upon notification to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For other drug control activities authorized by the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469), $117,093,000, to remain available until expended, which shall be available as follows: $99,000,000 for the DrugFree Communities Program, of which $2,000,000 shall be made available as directed by section 4 of Public Law 107–82, as amended by Public Law 109–469 (21 U.S.C. 1521 note); $2,000,000 for drug court training and technical assistance; $9,500,000 for antidoping activities; $2,343,000 for the United States membership dues to the World AntiDoping Agency; and $1,250,000 shall be made available as directed by section 1105 of Public Law 109–469; and $3,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for activities authorized by section 103 of Public Law 114–198: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading may be transferred to other Federal departments and agencies to carry out such activities. UNANTICIPATED NEEDS  For expenses necessary to enable the President to meet unanticipated needs, in furtherance of the national interest, security, or defense which may arise at home or abroad during the current fiscal year, as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 108, $798,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY OVERSIGHT AND  REFORM  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for the furtherance of integrated, efficient, secure, and effective uses of information technology in the Federal Government, $19,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Director of the Office of Management and Budget may transfer these funds to one or more other agencies to carry out projects to meet these purposes. SPECIAL ASSISTANCE TO THE PRESIDENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to enable the Vice President to provide assistance to the President in connection with specially assigned functions; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 106, including subsistence expenses as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 106, which shall be expended and accounted for as provided in that section; and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $4,288,000. OFFICIAL RESIDENCE OF THE VICEPRESIDENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the care, operation, refurnishing, improvement, and to the extent not otherwise provided for, heating and lighting, including electric power and fixtures, of the official residence of the Vice President; the hire of passenger motor vehicles; and not to exceed $90,000 pursuant to 3 U.S.C. 106(b)(2), $302,000: Provided, That advances, repayments, or transfers from this appropriation may be made to any department or agency for expenses of carrying out such activities. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT AND FUNDS APPRO PRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 201. From funds made available in this Act under the headings ‘‘The White House’’, ‘‘Executive Residence at the White House’’, ‘‘White House Repair and Restoration’’, ‘‘Council of Economic Advisers’’, ‘‘National Security Council and Homeland Security Council’’, ‘‘Office of Administration’’, ‘‘Special Assistance to the President’’, and ‘‘Official Residence of the Vice President’’, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (or such other officer as the President may designate in writing), may, with advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, transfer not to exceed 10 percent of any such appropriation to any other such appropriation, to be merged with and available for the same time and for the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided, That the amount of an appropriation shall not be increased by more than 50 percent by such transfers: Provided further, That no amount shall be transferred from ‘‘Special Assistance to the President’’ or ‘‘Official Residence of the Vice President’’ without the approval of the Vice President. SEC. 202. Within 90 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the costs of implementing the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111– 203). Such report shall include— 
(1) the estimated mandatory and discretionary obligations of funds through fiscal year 2019, by Federal agency and by fiscal year, including— (A) the estimated obligations by cost inputs such as rent, information technology, contracts, and personnel; (B) the methodology and data sources used to calculate such estimated obligations; and (C) the specific section of such Act that requires the obligation of funds; and (2) the estimated receipts through fiscal year 2019 from assessments, user fees, and other fees by the Federal agency making the collections, by fiscal year, including— (A) the methodology and data sources used to calculate such estimated collections; and (B) the specific section of such Act that authorizes the collection of funds. SEC. 203. (a) During fiscal year 2018, any Executive order or Presidential memorandum issued or revoked by the President shall be accompanied by a written statement from the Director of the Office of Management and Budget on the budgetary impact, including costs, benefits, and revenues, of such order or memorandum. (b) Any such statement shall include— (1) a narrative summary of the budgetary impact of such order or memorandum on the Federal Government; (2) the impact on mandatory and discretionary obligations and outlays as the result of such order or memorandum, listed by Federal agency, for each year in the 5fiscal year period beginning in fiscal year 2018; and (3) the impact on revenues of the Federal Government as the result of such order or memorandum over the 5fiscalyear period beginning in fiscal year 2018. (c) If an Executive order or Presidential memorandum is issued during fiscal year 2018 due to a national emergency, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget may issue the statement required by subsection (a) not later than 15 days after the date that such order or memorandum is issued. (d) The requirement for cost estimates for Presidential memoranda shall only apply for Presidential memoranda estimated to have a regulatory cost in excess of $100,000,000. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Executive Office of the President Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE III THE JUDICIARY SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the operation of the Supreme Court, as required by law, excluding care of the building and grounds, including hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343 and 1344; not to exceed $10,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and for miscellaneous expenses, to be expended as the Chief Justice may approve, $82,028,000, of which $1,500,000 shall remain available until expended. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief justice and associate justices of the court. 
CARE OF THE BUILDING AND GROUNDS  For such expenditures as may be necessary to enable the Architect of the Capitol to carry out the duties imposed upon the Architect by 40 U.S.C. 6111 and 6112, $16,153,000, to remain available until expended. UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE  FEDERAL CIRCUIT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries of officers and employees, and for necessary expenses of the court, as authorized by law, $31,291,000. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief judge and judges of the court. UNITED STATES COURT OF INTERNATIONAL  TRADE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries of officers and employees of the court, services, and necessary expenses of the court, as authorized by law, $18,889,000. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief judge and judges of the court. COURTS OF APPEALS , DISTRICT COURTS , AND OTHER JUDICIAL SERVICES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the salaries of judges of the United States Court of Federal Claims, magistrate judges, and all other officers and employees of the Federal Judiciary not otherwise specifically provided for, necessary expenses of the courts, and the purchase, rental, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for Probation and Pretrial Services Office staff, as authorized by law, $5,099,061,000 (including the purchase of firearms and ammunition); of which not to exceed $27,817,000 shall remain available until expended for space alteration projects and for furniture and furnishings related to new space alteration and construction projects. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of circuit and district judges (including judges of the territorial courts of the United States), bankruptcy judges, and justices and judges retired from office or from regular active service. In addition, for expenses of the United States Court of Federal Claims associated with processing cases under the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–660), not to exceed $8,230,000, to be appropriated from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund. 
DEFENDER SERVICES  For the operation of Federal Defender organizations; the compensation and reimbursement of expenses of attorneys appointed to represent persons under 18 U.S.C. 3006A and 3599, and for the compensation and reimbursement of expenses of persons furnishing investigative, expert, and other services for such representations as authorized by law; the compensation (in accordance with the maximums under 18 U.S.C. 3006A) and reimbursement of expenses of attorneys appointed to assist the court in criminal cases where the defendant has waived representation by counsel; the compensation and reimbursement of expenses of attorneys appointed to represent jurors in civil actions for the protection of their employment, as authorized by 28 U.S.C. 1875(d)(1); the compensation and reimbursement of expenses of attorneys appointed under 18 U.S.C. 983(b)(1) in connection with certain judicial civil forfeiture proceedings; the compensation and reimbursement of travel expenses of guardians ad litem appointed under 18 U.S.C. 4100(b); and for necessary training and general administrative expenses, $1,078,713,000 to remain available until expended. 
FEES OF JURORS AND COMMISSIONERS  For fees and expenses of jurors as authorized by 28 U.S.C. 1871 and 1876; compensation of jury commissioners as authorized by 28 U.S.C. 1863; and compensation of commissioners appointed in condemnation cases pursuant to rule 71.1(h) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure (28 U.S.C. Appendix Rule 71.1(h)), $50,944,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the compensation of land commissioners shall not exceed the daily equivalent of the highest rate payable under 5 U.S.C. 5332. COURT SECURITY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, incident to the provision of protective guard services for United States courthouses and other facilities housing Federal court operations, and the procurement, installation, and maintenance of security systems and equipment for United States courthouses and other facilities housing Federal court operations, including building ingress egress control, inspection of mail and packages, directed security patrols, perimeter security, basic security services provided by the Federal Protective Service, and other similar activities as authorized by section 1010 of the Judicial Improvement and Access to Justice Act (Public Law 100–702), $586,999,000, of which not to exceed $20,000,000 shall remain available until expended, to be expended directly or transferred to the United States Marshals Service, which shall be responsible for administering the Judicial Facility Security Program consistent with standards or guidelines agreed to by the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts and the Attorney General. ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE OF THE UNITED  STATES COURTS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts as authorized by law, including travel as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1345, hire of a passenger motor vehicle as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343(b), advertising and rent in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, $90,423,000, of which not to exceed $8,500 is authorized for official reception and representation expenses. FEDERAL JUDICIAL CENTER  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Judicial Center, as authorized by Public Law 90–219, $29,265,000; of which $1,800,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2019, to provide education and training to Federal court personnel; and of which not to exceed $1,500 is authorized for official reception and representation expenses. UNITED STATES SENTENCING COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the salaries and expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of chapter 58 of title 28, United States Code, $18,699,000, of which not to exceed $1,000 is authorized for official reception and representation expenses. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —THEJUDICIARY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 301. Appropriations and authorizations made in this title which are available for salaries and expenses shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. SEC. 302. Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Judiciary in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except ‘‘Courts of Appeals, District Courts, and Other Judicial Services, Defender Services’’ and ‘‘Courts of Appeals, District Courts, and Other Judicial Services, Fees of Jurors and Commissioners’’, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under sections 604 and 608 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in section 608. SEC. 303. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the salaries and expenses appropriation for ‘‘Courts of Appeals, District 
Courts, and Other Judicial Services’’ shall be available for official reception and representation expenses of the Judicial Conference of the United States: Provided, That such available funds shall not exceed $11,000 and shall be administered by the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts in the capacity as Secretary of the Judicial Conference. SEC. 304. Section 3315(a) of title 40, United States Code, shall be applied by substituting ‘‘Federal’’ for ‘‘executive’’ each place it appears. SEC. 305. In accordance with 28 U.S.C. 561– 569, and notwithstanding any other provision of law, the United States Marshals Service shall provide, for such courthouses as its Director may designate in consultation with the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts, for purposes of a pilot program, the security services that 40 U.S.C. 1315 authorizes the Department of Homeland Security to provide, except for the services specified in 40 U.S.C. 1315(b)(2)(E). For buildingspecific security services at these courthouses, the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall reimburse the United States Marshals Service rather than the Department of Homeland Security. SEC. 306. (a) Section 203(c) of the Judicial Improvements Act of 1990 (Public Law 101– 650; 28 U.S.C. 133 note), is amended in the matter following paragraph 12— (1) in the second sentence (relating to the District of Kansas), by striking ‘‘26 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘27 years and 6 months’’; and (2) in the sixth sentence (relating to the District of Hawaii), by striking ‘‘21 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘24 years and 6 months’’. (b) Section 406 of the Transportation, Treasury, Housing and Urban Development, the Judiciary, the District of Columbia, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–115; 119 Stat. 2470; 28 U.S.C. 133 note) is amended in the second sentence (relating to the eastern District of Missouri) by striking ‘‘24 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘25 years and 6 months’’. (c) Section 312(c)(2) of the 21st Century Department of Justice Appropriations Authorization Act (Public Law 107–273; 28 U.S.C. 133 note), is amended— (1) in the first sentence by striking ‘‘15 years’’ and inserting ‘‘16 years’’; (2) in the second sentence (relating to the central District of California), by striking ‘‘14 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘15 years and 6 months’’; and (3) in the third sentence (relating to the western district of North Carolina), by striking ‘‘13 years’’ and inserting ‘‘14 years’’. SEC. 307. (a) Section 1871(b) of title 28, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘$40’’ and inserting ‘‘$50’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made in subsection (a) shall take effect 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Judiciary Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE IV DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FEDERAL FUNDS  
SUPPORT  For a Federal payment to the District of Columbia, to be deposited into a dedicated account, for a nationwide program to be administered by the Mayor, for District of Columbia resident tuition support, $40,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such funds, including any interest accrued thereon, may be used on behalf of eligible District of Columbia residents to pay an amount based upon the difference between inState and outofState tuition at public institutions of higher education, or to pay up to $2,500 each year at eligible private institutions of higher education: Provided further, That the awarding of such funds may be prioritized on the basis of a resident’s academic merit, the income and need of eligible students and such other factors as may be authorized: Provided further, That the District of Columbia government shall maintain a dedicated account for the Resident Tuition Support Program that shall consist of the Federal funds appropriated to the Program in this Act and any subsequent appropriations, any unobligated balances from prior fiscal years, and any interest earned in this or any fiscal year: Provided further, That the account shall be under the control of the District of Columbia Chief Financial Officer, who shall use those funds solely for the purposes of carrying out the Resident Tuition Support Program: Provided further, That the Office of the Chief Financial Officer shall provide a quarterly financial report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for these funds showing, by object class, the expenditures made and the purpose therefor. FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR EMERGENCY PLANNING  
AND SECURITY COSTS IN THE DISTRICT OF CO LUMBIA  For a Federal payment of necessary expenses, as determined by the Mayor of the District of Columbia in written consultation with the elected county or city officials of surrounding jurisdictions, $13,000,000, to remain available until expended, for the costs of providing public safety at events related to the presence of the National Capital in the District of Columbia, including support requested by the Director of the United States Secret Service in carrying out protective duties under the direction of the Secretary of Homeland Security, and for the costs of providing support to respond to immediate and specific terrorist threats or attacks in the District of Columbia or surrounding jurisdictions. 
COLUMBIA COURTS  For salaries and expenses for the District of Columbia Courts, $265,400,000 to be allocated as follows: for the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, $14,000,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and representation expenses; for the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, $121,000,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and representation expenses; for the District of Columbia Court System, $71,500,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and representation expenses; and $58,900,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for capital improvements for District of Columbia courthouse facilities: Provided, That funds made available for capital improvements shall be expended consistent with the District of Columbia Courts master plan study and facilities condition assessment: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for salaries and expenses of other Federal agencies: Provided further, That 30 days after providing written notice to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the District of Columbia Courts may reallocate not more than $6,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading among the items and entities funded under this heading: Provided further, That the Joint Committee on Judicial Administration in the District of Columbia may, by regulation, establish a program substantially similar to the program set forth in subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 5, United States Code, for employees of the District of Columbia Courts. FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR DEFENDER SERVICES IN  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For payments authorized under section 11– 2604 and section 11–2605, D.C. Official Code (relating to representation provided under the District of Columbia Criminal Justice Act), payments for counsel appointed in proceedings in the Family Court of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia under chapter 23 of title 16, D.C. Official Code, or pursuant to contractual agreements to provide guardian ad litem representation, training, technical assistance, and such other services as are necessary to improve the quality of guardian ad litem representation, payments for counsel appointed in adoption proceedings under chapter 3 of title 16, D.C. Official Code, and payments authorized under section 21–2060, D.C. Official Code (relating to services provided under the District of Columbia Guardianship, Protective Proceedings, and Durable Power of Attorney Act of 1986), $49,890,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not more than $20,000,000 in unobligated funds provided in this account may be transferred to and merged with funds made available under the heading ‘‘Federal Payment to the District of Columbia Courts,’’ to be available for the same period and purposes as funds made available under that heading for capital improvements to District of Columbia courthouse facilities: Provided, That funds provided under this heading shall be administered by the Joint Committee on Judicial Administration in the District of Columbia: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, this appropriation shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for expenses of other Federal agencies. 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  For salaries and expenses, including the transfer and hire of motor vehicles, of the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, as authorized by the National Capital Revitalization and SelfGovernment Improvement Act of 1997, $244,298,000, of which not to exceed $2,000 is for official reception and representation expenses related to Community Supervision and Pretrial Services Agency programs, of which not to exceed $25,000 is for dues and assessments relating to the implementation of the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency Interstate Supervision Act of 2002; of which $180,840,000 shall be for necessary expenses of Community Supervision and Sex Offender Registration, to include expenses relating to the supervision of adults subject to protection orders or the provision of services for or related to such persons; and of which $63,458,000 shall be available to the Pretrial Services Agency: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for salaries and expenses of other Federal agencies: Provided further, That amounts under this heading may be used for programmatic incentives for defendants to successfully complete their terms of supervision. 
COLUMBIA PUBLIC DEFENDER SERVICE  For salaries and expenses, including the transfer and hire of motor vehicles, of the District of Columbia Public Defender Service, as authorized by the National Capital Revitalization and SelfGovernment Improvement Act of 1997, $41,829,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for salaries and expenses of Federal agencies. 
COORDINATING COUNCIL  For a Federal payment to the Criminal Justice Coordinating Council, $2,000,000, to remain available until expended, to support initiatives related to the coordination of Federal and local criminal justice resources in the District of Columbia. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR JUDICIAL COMMISSIONS  For a Federal payment, to remain available until September 30, 2019, to the Commission on Judicial Disabilities and Tenure, $295,000, and for the Judicial Nomination Commission, $270,000. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT  For a Federal payment for a school improvement program in the District of Columbia, $45,000,000, to remain available until expended, for payments authorized under the Scholarship for Opportunity and Results Act (division C of Public Law 112–10): Provided, That, to the extent that funds are available for opportunity scholarships and following the priorities included in section 3006 of such Act, the Secretary of Education shall make scholarships available to students eligible under section 3013(3) of such Act (Public Law 112–10; 125 Stat. 211) including students who were not offered a scholarship during any previous school year: Provided further, That within funds provided for opportunity scholarships $3,200,000 shall be for the activities specified in sections 3007(b) through 3007(d) and 3009 of the Act. 
COLUMBIA NATIONAL GUARD  For a Federal payment to the District of Columbia National Guard, $435,000, to remain available until expended for the Major General David F. Wherley, Jr. District of Columbia National Guard Retention and College Access Program. 
TREATMENT OF HIV /AIDS For a Federal payment to the District of Columbia for the testing of individuals for, and the treatment of individuals with, human immunodeficiency virus and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome in the District of Columbia, $5,000,000. DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FUNDS  Local funds are appropriated for the District of Columbia for the current fiscal year out of the General Fund of the District of Columbia (‘‘General Fund’’) for programs and activities set forth under the heading ‘‘
PART A —SUMMARY OF EXPENSES ’’ and at the rate set forth under such heading, as included in D.C. Bill 22–242, as amended as of the date of enactment of this Act: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, except as provided in section 450A of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (section 1–204.50a, D.C. Official Code), sections 816 and 817 of the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2009 (secs. 47–369.01 and 47–369.02, D.C. Official Code), and provisions of this Act, the total amount appropriated in this Act for operating expenses for the District of Columbia for fiscal year 2018 under this heading shall not exceed the estimates included in D.C. Bill 22–242, as amended as of the date of enactment of this Act or the sum of the total revenues of the District of Columbia for such fiscal year: Provided further, That the amount appropriated may be increased by proceeds of one time transactions, which are expended for emergency or unanticipated operating or capital needs: Provided further, That such increases shall be approved by enactment of local District law and shall comply with all reserve requirements contained in the District of Columbia Home Rule Act: Provided further, That the Chief Financial Officer of the District of Columbia shall take such steps as are necessary to assure that the District of Columbia meets these requirements, including the apportioning by the Chief Financial Officer of the appropriations and funds made available to the District during fiscal year 2018, except that the Chief Financial Officer may not reprogram for operating expenses any funds derived from bonds, notes, or other obligations issued for capital projects. FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE DISTRICT OF  
COLUMBIA WATER AND SEWER AUTHORITY  For a Federal payment to the District of Columbia Water and Sewer Authority, $14,000,000, to remain available until expended, to continue implementation of the Combined Sewer Overflow LongTerm Plan: Provided, That the District of Columbia Water and Sewer Authority provides a 100 percent match for this payment. This title may be cited as the ‘‘District of Columbia Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE V INDEPENDENT AGENCIES ADMINISTRATIVE CONFERENCE OF THE UNITED  STATES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Administrative Conference of the United States, authorized by 5 U.S.C. 591 et seq., $3,100,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which not to exceed $1,000 is for official reception and representation expenses. CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the maximum rate payable under 5 U.S.C. 5376, purchase of nominal awards to recognize nonFederal officials’ contributions to Commission activities, and not to exceed $8,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $126,000,000, of which $1,100,000 shall remain available until expended to carry out the program, including administrative costs, required by section 1405 of the Virginia Graeme Baker Pool and Spa Safety Act (Public Law 110–140; 15 U.S.C. 8004). 
PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION  SEC. 501. During fiscal year 2018, none of the amounts made available by this Act may be used to finalize or implement the Safety Standard for Recreational OffHighway Vehicles published by the Consumer Product Safety Commission in the Federal Register on November 19, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 68964) until after— (1) the National Academy of Sciences, in consultation with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the Department of Defense, completes a study to determine— (A) the technical validity of the lateral stability and vehicle handling requirements proposed by such standard for purposes of reducing the risk of Recreational OffHighway Vehicle (referred to in this section as ‘‘ROV’’) rollovers in the offroad environment, including the repeatability and reproducibility of testing for compliance with such requirements; (B) the number of ROV rollovers that would be prevented if the proposed requirements were adopted; (C) whether there is a technical basis for the proposal to provide information on a pointofsale hangtag about a ROV’s rollover resistance on a progressive scale; and (D) the effect on the utility of ROVs used by the United States military if the proposed requirements were adopted; and (2) a report containing the results of the study completed under paragraph (1) is delivered to— (A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives; (C) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. ELECTION ASSISTANCE COMMISSION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–252), $10,100,000, of which $1,500,000 shall be transferred to the National Institute of Standards and Technology for election reform activities authorized under the Help America Vote Act of 2002. 
ELECTION REFORM PROGRAM  Notwithstanding section 104(c)(2)(B) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20904(c)(2)(B)), $380,000,000 is provided to the Election Assistance Commission for necessary expenses to make payments to States for activities to improve the administration of elections for Federal office, including to enhance election technology and make election security improvements, as authorized by sections 101, 103, and 104 of such Act: Pro vided, That each reference to the ‘‘Administrator of General Services’’ or the ‘‘Administrator’’ in sections 101 and 103 shall be deemed to refer to the ‘‘Election Assistance Commission’’: Provided further, That each reference to ‘‘$5,000,000’’ in section 103 shall be deemed to refer to ‘‘$3,000,000’’ and each reference to ‘‘$1,000,000’’ in section 103 shall be deemed to refer to ‘‘$600,000’’: Provided further, That not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Election Assistance Commission shall make the payments to states under this heading: Provided further, That not later than two years after receiving a payment under this heading, a state shall make available funds for such activities in an amount equal to 5 percent of the total amount of the payment made to the State under this heading. FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Communications Commission, as authorized by law, including uniforms and allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; not to exceed $4,000 for official reception and representation expenses; purchase and hire of motor vehicles; special counsel fees; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $322,035,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That $322,035,000 of offsetting collections shall be assessed and collected pursuant to section 9 of title I of the Communications Act of 1934, shall be retained and used for necessary expenses and shall remain available until expended: Pro vided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such offsetting 
collections are received during fiscal year 2018 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at $0: Provided further, That any offsetting collections received in excess of $322,035,000 in fiscal year 2018 shall not be available for obligation: Provided further, That remaining offsetting collections from prior years collected in excess of the amount specified for collection in each such year and otherwise becoming available on October 1, 2017, shall not be available for obligation: Provided further, That, notwithstanding 47 U.S.C. 309(j)(8)(B), proceeds from the use of a competitive bidding system that may be retained and made available for obligation shall not exceed $111,150,000 for fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That, of the amount appropriated under this heading, not less than $11,020,000 shall be for the salaries and expenses of the Office of Inspector General. 
COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION  SEC. 510. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by the Federal Communications Commission to modify, amend, or change its rules or regulations for universal service support payments to implement the February 27, 2004 recommendations of the FederalState Joint Board on Universal Service regarding single connection or primary line restrictions on universal service support payments. SEC. 511. Section 6403 of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 (47 U.S.C. 1452) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) RESERVE SOURCE FOR PAYMENT OF RELOCATION COSTS.— ‘‘(1) FUNDING .—There are hereby authorized to be appropriated, and appropriated, to the TV Broadcaster Relocation Fund established by subsection (d), out of any monies in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated— ‘‘(A) for fiscal year 2018, $600,000,000, to remain available, notwithstanding subsection (d)(4), until not later than July 3, 2023, pursuant to this subsection; and ‘‘(B) for fiscal year 2019, $400,000,000, to remain available, notwithstanding subsection (d)(4), until not later than July 3, 2023, pursuant to this subsection. ‘‘(2) AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—If the Commission makes the certification described in subparagraph (B), amounts made available to the TV Broadcaster Relocation Fund by paragraph (1) shall be available to the Commission to make— ‘‘(i) reimbursements pursuant to subsection (b)(4)(A)(i) or (b)(4)(A)(ii), including not more than $350,000,000 for this purpose from funds made available by paragraph (1)(A); ‘‘(ii) payments required by subsection (k), including not more than $150,000,000 for this purpose from funds made available by paragraph (1)(A); ‘‘(iii) payments required by subsection (l), including not more than $50,000,000 for this purpose from funds made available by paragraph (1)(A); and ‘‘(iv) payments solely for the purposes of consumer education relating to the reorganization of broadcast television spectrum under subsection (b), including $50,000,000 for this purpose from funds made available by paragraph (1)(A). ‘‘(B) CERTIFICATION .—The certification described in this subparagraph is a certification from the Commission to the Secretary of the Treasury that the funds available prior to the date of enactment of this subsection in the TV Broadcaster Relocation Fund are likely to be insufficient to reimburse reasonably incurred costs described in subsection (b)(4)(A)(i) or (b)(4)(A)(ii). ‘‘(C) AVAILABILITY FOR PAYMENTS AFTER  
APRIL 13 , 2020.— ‘‘(i) FOR PAYMENTS TO BROADCAST TELE VISION LICENSEES AND MVPDS .—Notwith standing subsection (b)(4)(D), the Commission may make payments pursuant to subsection (b)(4)(A)(i) or (b)(4)(A)(ii) from amounts made available to the TV Broadcaster Relocation Fund by paragraph (1) after April 13, 2020, if, before making any such payments after such date, the Commission submits to Congress a certification that such payments are necessary to reimburse reasonably incurred costs described in such subsection. ‘‘(ii) FOR PAYMENTS TO TELEVISION TRANS LATOR STATIONS AND LOW POWER TELEVISION  
STATIONS .—Amounts made available to the TV Broadcaster Relocation Fund by paragraph (1) shall not be available to the Commission to make payments required by subsection (k) after April 13, 2020, unless, before making any such payments after such date, the Commission submits to Congress a certification that such payments are necessary to reimburse costs reasonably incurred by a television translator station or low power television station (as such terms are defined in subsection (k)) on or after January 1, 2017, in order for such station to relocate its television service from one channel to another channel or otherwise modify its facility as a result of the reorganization of broadcast television spectrum under subsection (b). ‘‘(iii) FOR PAYMENTS TO FM BROADCAST STA TIONS .—Amounts made available to the TV Broadcaster Relocation Fund by paragraph (1) shall not be available to the Commission to make payments required by subsection (l) after April 13, 2020, unless, before making any such payments after such date, the Commission submits to Congress a certification that such payments are necessary to reimburse costs reasonably incurred by an FM broadcast station (as defined in subsection (l)) for facilities necessary for such station to reasonably minimize disruption of service as a result of the reorganization of broadcast television spectrum under subsection (b). ‘‘(3) UNUSED FUNDS RESCINDED AND DEPOS ITED INTO THE GENERAL FUND OF THE TREAS URY.— ‘‘(A) RESCISSION AND DEPOSIT .—If any unobligated amounts made available to the TV Broadcaster Relocation Fund by paragraph (1) remain in the Fund after the date described in subparagraph (B), such amounts shall be rescinded and deposited into the general fund of the Treasury, where such amounts shall be dedicated for the sole purpose of deficit reduction. ‘‘(B) DATE DESCRIBED .—The date described in this subparagraph is the earlier of— ‘‘(i) the date of a certification by the Commission under subparagraph (C) that all reimbursements pursuant to subsections (b)(4)(A)(i) and (b)(4)(A)(ii) have been made and that all reimbursements pursuant to subsections (k) and (l) have been made; or ‘‘(ii) July 3, 2023. ‘‘(C) CERTIFICATION .—If all reimbursements pursuant to subsections (b)(4)(A)(i) and (b)(4)(A)(ii) and all reimbursements pursuant to subsections (k) and (l) have been made before July 3, 2023, the Commission shall submit to the Secretary of the Treasury a certification that all such reimbursements have been made. ‘‘(4) ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—The amount of auction proceeds that the salaries and expenses account of the Commission is required to retain under section 309(j)(8)(B) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 309(j)(8)(B)), including from the proceeds of the forward auction under this section, shall be sufficient to cover the administrative costs incurred by the Commission in making any reimbursements out of the TV Broadcaster Relocation Fund from amounts made available to that Fund by paragraph (1). ‘‘(k) PAYMENT OF RELOCATION COSTS OF  TELEVISION TRANSLATOR STATIONS AND LOW POWER TELEVISION STATIONS .— ‘‘(1) PAYMENT REQUIRED .—From amounts made available under subsection (j)(2), the Commission shall reimburse costs reasonably incurred by a television translator station or low power television station on or after January 1, 2017, in order for such station to relocate its television service from one channel to another channel or otherwise modify its facility as a result of the reorganization of broadcast television spectrum under subsection (b). Only stations that are eligible to file and do file an application in the Commission’s Special Displacement Window are eligible to seek reimbursement under this paragraph. ‘‘(2) LIMITATION .—The Commission may not make reimbursements under paragraph (1) for lost revenues. ‘‘(3) DUPLICATIVE PAYMENTS PROHIBITED .— In the case of a low power television station that has been accorded primary status as a Class A television licensee under section 73.6001(a) of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations— ‘‘(A) if the licensee of such station has received reimbursement with respect to such station under subsection (b)(4)(A)(i) (including from amounts made available under subsection (j)(2)(A)(i)), or from any other source, such station may not receive reimbursement under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) if such station has received reimbursement under paragraph (1), the licensee of such station may not receive reimbursement with respect to such station under subsection (b)(4)(A)(i). ‘‘(4) ADDITIONAL LIMITATION .—The Commission may not make reimbursement under paragraph (1) for costs incurred to resolve mutually exclusive applications, including costs incurred in any auction of available channels. ‘‘(5) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) LOW POWER TELEVISION STATION .—The term ‘low power television station’ means a low power TV station (as defined in section 74.701 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations) that was licensed and transmitting for at least 9 of the 12 months prior to April 13, 2017. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the operation of analog and digital companion facilities may be combined. ‘‘(B) TELEVISION TRANSLATOR STATION .— The term ‘television translator station’ means a television broadcast translator station (as defined in section 74.701 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations) that was licensed and transmitting for at least 9 of the 12 months prior to April 13, 2017. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the operation of analog and digital companion facilities may be combined. ‘‘(l) PAYMENT OF RELOCATION COSTS OF FM BROADCAST STATIONS .— ‘‘(1) PAYMENT REQUIRED .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—From amounts made available under subsection (j)(2), the Commission shall reimburse costs reasonably incurred by an FM broadcast station for facilities necessary for such station to reasonably minimize disruption of service as a result of the reorganization of broadcast television spectrum under subsection (b). ‘‘(B) LIMITATION .—The Commission may not make reimbursements under subparagraph (A) for lost revenues. ‘‘(C) DUPLICATIVE PAYMENTS PROHIBITED .— If an FM broadcast station has received a payment for interim facilities from the licensee of a television broadcast station that was reimbursed for such payment under subsection (b)(4)(A)(i) (including from amounts made available under subsection (j)(2)(A)(i)), 
or from any other source, such FM broadcast station may not receive any reimbursements under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) FM BROADCAST STATION DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘FM broadcast station’ has the meaning given such term in section 73.310 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, and includes an FM translator, which has the meaning given the term ‘FM translator’ in section 74.1201 of such title. ‘‘(m) RULEMAKING .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Commission shall complete a rulemaking to implement subsections (k) and (l). ‘‘(2) MATTERS FOR INCLUSION .—The rulemaking completed under paragraph (1) shall include the development of lists of reasonable eligible costs to be reimbursed by the Commission pursuant to subsections (k) and (l), and procedures for the submission and review of cost estimates and other materials related to those costs consistent with the regulations developed by the Commission pursuant to subsection (b)(4). ‘‘(n) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) Nothing in subsections (j) through (m) shall alter the final transition phase completion date established by the Commission for full power and Class A television stations.’’. FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION  
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $39,136,000, to be derived from the Deposit Insurance Fund or, only when appropriate, the FSLIC Resolution Fund. FEDERAL ELECTION COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971, $71,250,000, of which not to exceed $5,000 shall be available for reception and representation expenses. FEDERAL LABOR RELATIONS AUTHORITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Federal Labor Relations Authority, pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, and the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, including services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, and including hire of experts and consultants, hire of passenger motor vehicles, and including official reception and representation expenses (not to exceed $1,500) and rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, $26,200,000: Provided, That public members of the Federal Service Impasses Panel may be paid travel expenses and per diem in lieu of subsistence as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5703) for persons employed intermittently in the Government service, and compensation as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Provided further, That, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, funds received from fees charged to nonFederal participants at labormanagement relations conferences shall be credited to and merged with this account, to be available without further appropriation for the costs of carrying out these conferences. FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Trade Commission, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and not to exceed $2,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $306,317,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not to exceed $300,000 shall be available for use to contract with a person or persons for collection services in accordance with the terms of 31 U.S.C. 3718: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $126,000,000 of offsetting collections derived from fees collected for premerger notification filings under the HartScottRodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (15 U.S.C. 18a), regardless of the year of collection, shall be retained and used for necessary expenses in this appropriation: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $16,000,000 in offsetting collections derived from fees sufficient to implement and enforce the Telemarketing Sales Rule, promulgated under the Telemarketing and Consumer Fraud and Abuse Prevention Act (15 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.), shall be credited to this account, and be retained and used for necessary expenses in this appropriation: Pro vided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2018, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $164,317,000: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Federal Trade Commission may be used to implement subsection (e)(2)(B) of section 43 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831t). GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  Amounts in the Fund, including revenues and collections deposited into the Fund, shall be available for necessary expenses of real property management and related activities not otherwise provided for, including operation, maintenance, and protection of federally owned and leased buildings; rental of buildings in the District of Columbia; restoration of leased premises; moving governmental agencies (including space adjustments and telecommunications relocation expenses) in connection with the assignment, allocation, and transfer of space; contractual services incident to cleaning or servicing buildings, and moving; repair and alteration of federally owned buildings, including grounds, approaches, and appurtenances; care and safeguarding of sites; maintenance, preservation, demolition, and equipment; acquisition of buildings and sites by purchase, condemnation, or as otherwise authorized by law; acquisition of options to purchase buildings and sites; conversion and extension of federally owned buildings; preliminary planning and design of projects by contract or otherwise; construction of new buildings (including equipment for such buildings); and payment of principal, interest, and any other obligations for public buildings acquired by installment purchase and purchase contract; in the aggregate amount of $9,073,938,000, of which— (1) $692,069,000 shall remain available until expended for construction and acquisition (including funds for sites and expenses, and associated design and construction services) as follows: (A) $132,979,000 shall be for the Alexandria Bay, New York, Land Port of Entry; (B) $121,848,000 shall be for the San Diego, California, Otay Mesa Land Port of Entry; (C) $137,242,000 shall be for the Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, United States Courthouse, as requested by the Federal Judiciary; (D) $110,000,000 shall be for the Huntsville, Alabama, United States Courthouse, as requested by the Federal Judiciary; (E) $190,000,000 shall be for the Fort Lauderdale, Florida, United States Courthouse, as requested by the Federal Judiciary: Provided, That each of the foregoing limits of costs on new construction and acquisition projects may be exceeded to the extent that savings are effected in other such projects, but not to exceed 10 percent of the amounts included in a transmitted prospectus, if required, unless advance approval is obtained from the Committees on Appropriations of a greater amount; (2) $666,335,000 shall remain available until expended for repairs and alterations, including associated design and construction services, of which— (A) $289,245,000 is for Major Repairs and Alterations; (B) $312,090,000 is for Basic Repairs and Alterations; and (C) $65,000,000 is for Special Emphasis Programs, of which— (i) $25,000,000 is for Fire and Life Safety; (ii) $20,000,000 is for Judiciary Capital Security; and (iii) $20,000,000 is for Consolidation Activities: Provided, That consolidation projects result in reduced annual rent paid by the tenant agency: Provided further, That no consolidation project exceed $10,000,000 in costs: Provided further, That consolidation projects are approved by each of the committees specified in section 3307(a) of title 40, United States Code: Provided further, That preference is given to consolidation projects that achieve a utilization rate of 130 usable square feet or less per person for office space: Provided further, That the obligation of funds under this paragraph for consolidation activities may not be made until 10 days after a proposed spending plan and explanation for each project to be undertaken, including estimated savings, has been submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That funds made available in this or any previous Act in the Federal Buildings Fund for Repairs and Alterations shall, for prospectus projects, be limited to the amount identified for each project, except each project in this or any previous Act may be increased by an amount not to exceed 10 percent unless advance approval is obtained from the Committees on Appropriations of a greater amount: Provided further, That addi tional projects for which prospectuses have been fully approved may be funded under this category only if advance approval is obtained from the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That the amounts provided in this or any prior Act for ‘‘Repairs and Alterations’’ may be used to fund costs associated with implementing security improvements to buildings necessary to meet the minimum standards for security in accordance with current law and in compliance with the reprogramming guidelines of the appropriate Committees of the House and Senate: Provided further, That the difference between the funds appropriated and expended on any projects in this or any prior Act, under the heading ‘‘Repairs and Alterations’’, may be transferred to Basic Repairs and Alterations or used to fund authorized increases in prospectus projects: Provided further, That the amount provided in this or any prior Act for Basic Repairs and Alterations may be used to pay claims against the Government arising from any projects under the heading ‘‘Repairs and Alterations’’ or used to fund authorized increases in prospectus projects; (3) $5,493,768,000 for rental of space to remain available until expended; and (4) $2,221,766,000 for building operations to remain available until expended, of which $1,146,089,000 is for building services, and 
$1,075,677,000 is for salaries and expenses: Pro vided, That not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available under this paragraph for building operations may be transferred between and merged with such appropriations upon notification to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 5 percent by any such transfers: Provided further, That section 521 of this title shall not apply with respect to funds made available under this heading for building operations: Provided further, That the total amount of funds made available from this Fund to the General Services Administration shall not be available for expenses of any construction, repair, alteration and acquisition project for which a prospectus, if required by 40 U.S.C. 3307(a), has not been approved, except that necessary funds may be expended for each project for required expenses for the development of a proposed prospectus: Provided further, That funds available in the Federal Buildings Fund may be expended for emergency repairs when advance approval is obtained from the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That amounts necessary to provide reimbursable special services to other agencies under 40 U.S.C. 592(b)(2) and amounts to provide such reimbursable fencing, lighting, guard booths, and other facilities on private or other property not in Government ownership or control as may be appropriate to enable the United States Secret Service to perform its protective functions pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 3056, shall be available from such revenues and collections: Provided further, That revenues and collections and any other sums accruing to this Fund during fiscal year 2018, excluding reimbursements under 40 U.S.C. 592(b)(2), in excess of the aggregate new obligational authority authorized for Real Property Activities of the Federal Buildings Fund in this Act shall remain in the Fund and shall not be available for expenditure except as authorized in appropriations Acts. 
GOVERNMENT WIDE POLICY  For expenses authorized by law, not otherwise provided for, for Governmentwide policy and evaluation activities associated with the management of real and personal property assets and certain administrative services; Governmentwide policy support responsibilities relating to acquisition, travel, motor vehicles, information technology management, and related technology activities; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; $53,499,000. 
OPERATING EXPENSES  For expenses authorized by law, not otherwise provided for, for Governmentwide activities associated with utilization and donation of surplus personal property; disposal of real property; agencywide policy direction, management, and communications; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; $45,645,000, of which $24,357,000 is for Real and Personal Property Management and Disposal; $21,288,000 is for the Office of the Administrator, of which not to exceed $7,500 is for official reception and representation expenses. 
CIVILIAN BOARD OF CONTRACT APPEALS  For expenses authorized by law, not otherwise provided for, for the activities associated with the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals, $8,795,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General and service authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $65,000,000: Provided, That not to exceed $50,000 shall be available for payment for information and detection of fraud against the Government, including payment for recovery of stolen Government property: Provided further, That not to exceed $2,500 shall be available for awards to employees of other Federal agencies and private citizens in recognition of efforts and initiatives resulting in enhanced Office of Inspector General effectiveness. ALLOWANCES AND OFFICE STAFF FOR FORMER  
PRESIDENTS  For carrying out the provisions of the Act of August 25, 1958 (3 U.S.C. 102 note), and Public Law 95–138, $4,754,000. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of Products and Programs, including services authorized by 40 U.S.C. 323 and 44 U.S.C. 3604; and for necessary expenses in support of interagency projects that enable the Federal Government to enhance its ability to conduct activities electronically, through the development and implementation of innovative uses of information technology; $50,000,000, to be deposited into the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided, That the previous amount may be transferred to Federal agencies to carry out the purpose of the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided further, That the appropriations, revenues, reimbursements, and collections deposited into the Fund shall be available until expended for necessary expenses of Federal Citizen Services and other activities that enable the Federal Government to enhance its ability to conduct activities electronically in the aggregate amount not to exceed $100,000,000: Provided further, That appropriations, revenues, reimbursements, and collections accruing to this Fund during fiscal year 2018 in excess of such amount shall remain in the Fund and shall not be available for expenditure except as authorized in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That any appropriations provided to the Electronic Government Fund that remain unobligated may be transferred to the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided further, That the transfer authorities provided herein shall be in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. 
TECHNOLOGY MODERNIZATION FUND  For the Technology Modernization Fund, $100,000,000, to remain available until expended, for technologyrelated modernization activities. ASSET PROCEEDS AND SPACE MANAGEMENT  FUND For carrying out the purposes of the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–287), $5,000,000, to be deposited into the Asset Proceeds and Space Management Fund, to remain available until expended. 
ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEW IMPROVEMENT FUND  For necessary expenses of the Environmental Review Improvement Fund established pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 4370m8(d), $1,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 520. Funds available to the General Services Administration shall be available for the hire of passenger motor vehicles. SEC. 521. Funds in the Federal Buildings Fund made available for fiscal year 2018 for Federal Buildings Fund activities may be transferred between such activities only to the extent necessary to meet program requirements: Provided, That any proposed transfers shall be approved in advance by the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. SEC. 522. Except as otherwise provided in this title, funds made available by this Act shall be used to transmit a fiscal year 2019 request for United States Courthouse construction only if the request: (1) meets the design guide standards for construction as established and approved by the General Services Administration, the Judicial Conference of the United States, and the Office of Management and Budget; (2) reflects the priorities of the Judicial Conference of the United States as set out in its approved Courthouse Project Priorities plan; and (3) includes a standardized courtroom utilization study of each facility to be constructed, replaced, or expanded. SEC. 523. None of the funds provided in this Act may be used to increase the amount of occupiable square feet, provide cleaning services, security enhancements, or any other service usually provided through the Federal Buildings Fund, to any agency that does not pay the rate per square foot assessment for space and services as determined by the General Services Administration in consideration of the Public Buildings Amendments Act of 1972 (Public Law 92–313). SEC. 524. From funds made available under the heading Federal Buildings Fund, Limitations on Availability of Revenue, claims against the Government of less than $250,000 arising from direct construction projects and acquisition of buildings may be liquidated from savings effected in other construction projects with prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. SEC. 525. In any case in which the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate adopt a resolution granting lease authority pursuant to a prospectus transmitted to Congress by the Administrator of the General Services Administration under 40 U.S.C. 3307, the Administrator shall ensure that the delineated area of procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus for all lease agreements, except that, if the Administrator determines that the delineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to each of such committees and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate prior to exercising any lease authority provided in the resolution. SEC. 526. With respect to each project funded under the heading ‘‘Major Repairs and Alterations’’ or ‘‘Judiciary Capital Security Program’’, and with respect to EGovernment projects funded under the heading ‘‘Federal Citizen Services Fund’’, the Administrator of General Services shall submit a spending plan and explanation for each project to be undertaken to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 527. Section 16 of the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–287) is amended— (1) by inserting the following at the end of subparagraph (a)(1): ‘‘The Account shall be under the custody and control of the Chairperson of the Board and deposits in the Account shall remain available until expended.’’; (2) by striking subparagraph (b)(1) and inserting in lieu thereof the following: ‘‘(1) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States an account to be known as the ‘Public Buildings Reform Board—Asset Proceeds and Space Management Fund’ (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Fund’). The Fund shall be 
under the custody and control of the Administrator of General Services and deposits in the Fund shall remain available until expended.’’. HARRY S TRUMAN SCHOLARSHIP FOUNDATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For payment to the Harry S Truman Scholarship Foundation Trust Fund, established by section 10 of Public Law 93–642, $1,000,000, to remain available until expended. MERIT SYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Merit Systems Protection Board pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, and the Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989 (5 U.S.C. 5509 note), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, hire of passenger motor vehicles, direct procurement of survey printing, and not to exceed $2,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $44,490,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, and in addition not to exceed $2,345,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for administrative expenses to adjudicate retirement appeals to be transferred from the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund in amounts determined by the Merit Systems Protection Board. MORRIS K. U DALL AND STEWART L. U DALL  FOUNDATION  
MORRIS K . UDALL AND STEWART L . UDALL  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For payment to the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Trust Fund, pursuant to the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act (20 U.S.C. 5601 et seq.), $1,975,000, to remain available until expended, of which, notwithstanding sections 8 and 9 of such Act: (1) up to $50,000 shall be used to conduct financial audits pursuant to the Accountability of Tax Dollars Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–289); and (2) up to $1,000,000 shall be available to carry out the activities authorized by section 6(7) of Public Law 102– 259 and section 817(a) of Public Law 106–568 (20 U.S.C. 5604(7)): Provided, That of the total amount made available under this heading $200,000 shall be transferred to the Office of Inspector General of the Department of the Interior, to remain available until expended, for audits and investigations of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation, consistent with the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). 
ENVIRONMENTAL DISPUTE RESOLUTION FUND  For payment to the Environmental Dispute Resolution Fund to carry out activities authorized in the Environmental Policy and Conflict Resolution Act of 1998, $3,366,000, to remain available until expended. NATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS  ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses in connection with the administration of the National Archives and Records Administration and archived Federal records and related activities, as provided by law, and for expenses necessary for the review and declassification of documents, the activities of the Public Interest Declassification Board, the operations and maintenance of the electronic records archives, the hire of passenger motor vehicles, and for uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901), including maintenance, repairs, and cleaning, $384,911,000, of which $7,500,000 shall remain available until expended for the repair, alteration, and improvement of an additional leased facility to provide adequate storage for holdings of the House of Representatives and the Senate. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Reform Act of 2008, Public Law 110–409, 122 Stat. 4302–16 (2008), and the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), and for the hire of passenger motor vehicles, $4,801,000. 
REPAIRS AND RESTORATION  For the repair, alteration, and improvement of archives facilities, and to provide adequate storage for holdings, $7,500,000, to remain available until expended. 
GRANTS PROGRAM  For necessary expenses for allocations and grants for historical publications and records as authorized by 44 U.S.C. 2504, $6,000,000, to remain available until expended. NATIONAL CREDIT UNION ADMINISTRATION  
FUND  For the Community Development Revolving Loan Fund program as authorized by 42 U.S.C. 9812, 9822 and 9910, $2,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for technical assistance to lowincome designated credit unions. OFFICE OF GOVERNMENT ETHICS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Office of Government Ethics pursuant to the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, the Ethics Reform Act of 1989, and the Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act of 2012, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, hire of passenger motor vehicles, and not to exceed $1,500 for official reception and representation expenses, $16,439,000. OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF TRUST FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978 and the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; medical examinations performed for veterans by private physicians on a fee basis; rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere; hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $2,500 for official reception and representation expenses; advances for reimbursements to applicable funds of OPM and the Federal Bureau of Investigation for expenses incurred under Executive Order No. 10422 of January 9, 1953, as amended; and payment of per diem and/or subsistence allowances to employees where Voting Rights Act activities require an employee to remain overnight at his or her post of duty, $129,341,000: Provided, That of the total amount made available under this heading, not to exceed $21,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019, for information technology infrastructure modernization and Trust Fund Federal Financial System migration or modernization, and shall be in addition to funds otherwise made available for such purposes upon submitting to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and House of Representatives the plan of expenditure as required by the ‘‘Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017’’: Provided further, That the amount made available by the previous proviso may not be obligated until the Director of the Office of Personnel Management submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives within 90 days of enactment a plan for expenditure of such amount, prepared in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, the Administrator of the United States Digital Service, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, that— (1) identifies the full scope and cost of the IT systems remediation and stabilization project; (2) meets the capital planning and investment control review requirements established by the Office of Management and Budget, including Circular A–11, part 7; (3) includes a Major IT Business Case under the requirements established by the Office of Management and Budget Exhibit 300; (4) complies with the acquisition rules, requirements, guidelines, and systems acquisition management practices of the Government; (5) complies with all Office of Management and Budget, Department of Homeland Security and National Institute of Standards and Technology requirements related to securing the agency’s information system as described in 44 U.S.C. 3554; and (6) is reviewed and commented upon within 60 days of plan development by the Inspector General of the Office of Personnel Management, and such comments are submitted to the Director of the Office of Personnel Management before the date of such submission: Provided further, That of the total amount made available under this heading, $584,000 may be made available for strengthening the capacity and capabilities of the acquisition workforce (as defined by the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act, as amended (41 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.)), including the recruitment, hiring, training, and retention of such workforce and information technology in support of acquisition workforce effectiveness or for management solutions to improve acquisition management; and in addition $131,414,000 for administrative expenses, to be transferred from the appropriate trust funds of OPM without regard to other statutes, including direct procurement of printed materials, for the retirement and insurance programs: Provided further, That the provisions of this appropriation shall not affect the authority to use applicable trust funds as provided by sections 8348(a)(1)(B), 8958(f)(2)(A), 8988(f)(2)(A), and 9004(f)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code: Provided further, That no part of this appropriation shall be available for salaries and expenses of the Legal Examining Unit of OPM established pursuant to Executive Order No. 9358 of July 1, 1943, or any successor unit of like purpose: Provided further, That the President’s Commission on White House Fellows, established by Executive Order No. 11183 of October 3, 1964, may, during fiscal year 2018, accept donations of money, property, and personal services: Pro vided further, That such donations, including those from prior years, may be used for the development of publicity materials to provide information about the White House Fellows, except that no such donations shall be accepted for travel or reimbursement of travel expenses, or for the salaries of employees of such Commission. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF TRUST FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, hire of passenger motor vehicles, 
$5,000,000, and in addition, not to exceed $25,000,000 for administrative expenses to audit, investigate, and provide other oversight of the Office of Personnel Management’s retirement and insurance programs, to be transferred from the appropriate trust funds of the Office of Personnel Management, as determined by the Inspector General: Provided, That the Inspector General is authorized to rent conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere. OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Office of Special Counsel pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–454), the Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989 (Public Law 101–12) as amended by Public Law 107–304, the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–199), and the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–353), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, payment of fees and expenses for witnesses, rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, and hire of passenger motor vehicles; $26,535,000. POSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Postal Regulatory Commission in carrying out the provisions of the Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act (Public Law 109–435), $15,200,000, to be derived by transfer from the Postal Service Fund and expended as authorized by section 603(a) of such Act. PRIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, as authorized by section 1061 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), $8,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. PUBLIC BUILDINGS REFORM BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the Public Buildings Reform Board in carrying out the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–287), $5,000,000, to remain available until expended. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Securities and Exchange Commission, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, the rental of space (to include multiple year leases) in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, and not to exceed $3,500 for official reception and representation expenses, $1,652,000,000, to remain available until expended; of which funding for information technology initiatives shall be increased over the fiscal year 2017 level by not less than $45,000,000; of which not less than $14,748,358 shall be for the Office of Inspector General; of which not to exceed $75,000 shall be available for a permanent secretariat for the International Organization of Securities Commissions; and of which not to exceed $100,000 shall be available for expenses for consultations and meetings hosted by the Commission with foreign governmental and other regulatory officials, members of their delegations and staffs to exchange views concerning securities matters, such expenses to include necessary logistic and administrative expenses and the expenses of Commission staff and foreign invitees in attendance including: (1) incidental expenses such as meals; (2) travel and transportation; and (3) related lodging or subsistence; and of which not less than $68,950,000 shall be for the Division of Economic and Risk Analysis. In addition to the foregoing appropriation, for costs associated with relocation under a replacement lease for the Commission’s headquarters facilities, not to exceed $244,507,052, to remain available until expended: Provided, That for purposes of calculating the fee rate under section 31(j) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee(j)) for fiscal year 2018, all amounts appropriated under this heading shall be deemed to be the regular appropriation to the Commission for fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That fees and charges authorized by section 31 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee) shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections: Provided further, That not to exceed $1,652,000,000 of such offsetting collections shall be available until expended for necessary expenses of this account and not to exceed $244,507,052 of such offsetting collections shall be available until expended for costs under this heading associated with relocation under a replacement lease for the Commission’s headquarters facilities: Provided further, That the total amount appropriated under this heading from the general fund for fiscal year 2018 shall be reduced as such offsetting fees are received so as to result in a final total fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That if any amount of the appropriation for costs associated with relocation under a replacement lease for the Commission’s headquarters facilities is subsequently deobligated by the Commission, such amount that was derived from the general fund shall be returned to the general fund, and such amounts that were derived from fees or assessments collected for such purpose shall be paid to each national securities exchange and national securities association, respectively, in proportion to any fees or assessments paid by such national securities exchange or national securities association under section 31 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee) in fiscal year 2018. SELECTIVE SERVICE SYSTEM  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Selective Service System, including expenses of attendance at meetings and of training for uniformed personnel assigned to the Selective Service System, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 4101–4118 for civilian employees; hire of passenger motor vehicles; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and not to exceed $750 for official reception and representation expenses; $22,900,000: Provided, That during the current fiscal year, the President may exempt this appropriation from the provisions of 31 U.S.C. 1341, whenever the President deems such action to be necessary in the interest of national defense: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated by this Act may be expended for or in connection with the induction of any person into the Armed Forces of the United States. SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, of the Small Business Administration, including hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by sections 1343 and 1344 of title 31, United States Code, and not to exceed $3,500 for official reception and representation expenses, $268,500,000, of which not less than $12,000,000 shall be available for examinations, reviews, and other lender oversight activities: Provided, That the Administrator is authorized to charge fees to cover the cost of publications developed by the Small Business Administration, and certain loan program activities, including fees authorized by section 5(b) of the Small Business Act: Provided further, That, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, revenues received from all such activities shall be credited to this account, to remain available until expended, for carrying out these purposes without further appropriations: Provided further, That the Small Business Administration may accept gifts in an amount not to exceed $4,000,000 and may cosponsor activities, each in accordance with section 132(a) of division K of Public Law 108–447, during fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That $6,100,000 shall be available for the Loan Modernization and Accounting System, to be available until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That $3,000,000 shall be for the Federal and State Technology Partnership Program under section 34 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657d). ENTREPRENEURIAL DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses of programs supporting entrepreneurial and small business development, $247,100,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That $130,000,000 shall be available to fund grants for performance in fiscal year 2018 or fiscal year 2019 as authorized by section 21 of the Small Business Act: Provided further, That $31,000,000 shall be for marketing, management, and technical assistance under section 7(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(4)) by intermediaries that make microloans under the microloan program: Provided further, That $18,000,000 shall be available for grants to States to carry out export programs that assist small business concerns authorized under section 22(l) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 649(l)). 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $19,900,000. 
OFFICE OF ADVOCACY  For necessary expenses of the Office of Advocacy in carrying out the provisions of title II of Public Law 94–305 (15 U.S.C. 634a et seq.) and the Regulatory Flexibility Act of 1980 (5 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), $9,120,000, to remain available until expended. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the cost of direct loans, $3,438,172, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That subject to section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, during fiscal year 2018 commitments to guarantee loans under section 503 of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 shall not exceed $7,500,000,000: Provided further, That dur ing fiscal year 2018 commitments for general business loans authorized under section 7(a) of the Small Business Act shall not exceed $29,000,000,000 for a combination of amortizing term loans and the aggregated maximum line of credit provided by revolving loans: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2018 commitments for loans authorized under subparagraph (C) of section 502(7) of The Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 696(7)) shall not exceed $7,500,000,000: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2018 commitments to guarantee loans for debentures under section 303(b) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 shall not exceed $4,000,000,000: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2018, guarantees of trust certificates authorized by section 
5(g) of the Small Business Act shall not exceed a principal amount of $12,000,000,000. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $152,782,000, which may be transferred to and merged with the appropriations for Salaries and Expenses. 
FUNDS)  SEC. 530. Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Small Business Administration in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this paragraph shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 608 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. SEC. 531. Of the unobligated balances available for the Immediate Disaster Assistance Program authorized by section 42 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S. C. 657n) and the Expedited Disaster Assistance Loan Program authorized by section 12085 of Public Law 110–246, $2,600,000 are hereby permanently cancelled: Provided, That no amounts may be cancelled from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. SEC. 532. Section 7(m)(4)(E) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(4)(E)) is amended by striking ‘‘25 percent’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘50 percent’’. UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE  
PAYMENT TO THE POSTAL SERVICE FUND  For payment to the Postal Service Fund for revenue forgone on free and reduced rate mail, pursuant to subsections (c) and (d) of section 2401 of title 39, United States Code, $58,118,000: Provided, That mail for overseas voting and mail for the blind shall continue to be free: Provided further, That 6day delivery and rural delivery of mail shall continue at not less than the 1983 level: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Postal Service by this Act shall be used to implement any rule, regulation, or policy of charging any officer or employee of any State or local child support enforcement agency, or any individual participating in a State or local program of child support enforcement, a fee for information requested or provided concerning an address of a postal customer: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this Act shall be used to consolidate or close small rural and other small post offices. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $245,000,000, to be derived by transfer from the Postal Service Fund and expended as authorized by section 603(b)(3) of the Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act (Public Law 109–435). UNITED STATES TAXCOURT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, including contract reporting and other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $50,739,887, of which $500,000 shall remain available until expended: Pro vided, That travel expenses of the judges shall be paid upon the written certificate of the judge. TITLE VI GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS ACT SEC. 601. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for the planning or execution of any program to pay the expenses of, or otherwise compensate, nonFederal parties intervening in regulatory or adjudicatory proceedings funded in this Act. SEC. 602. None of the funds appropriated in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, nor may any be transferred to other appropriations, unless expressly so provided herein. SEC. 603. The expenditure of any appropriation under this Act for any consulting service through procurement contract pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3109, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under existing law, or under existing Executive order issued pursuant to existing law. SEC. 604. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriations Act. SEC. 605. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be available for any activity or for paying the salary of any Government employee where funding an activity or paying a salary to a Government employee would result in a decision, determination, rule, regulation, or policy that would prohibit the enforcement of section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307). SEC. 606. No funds appropriated pursuant to this Act may be expended by an entity unless the entity agrees that in expending the assistance the entity will comply with chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. SEC. 607. No funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act shall be made available to any person or entity that has been convicted of violating chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. SEC. 608. Except as otherwise provided in this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2018, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees and available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that: (1) creates a new program; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by the Congress; (4) proposes to use funds directed for a specific activity by the Committee on Appropriations of either the House of Representatives or the Senate for a different purpose; (5) augments existing programs, projects, or activities in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; (6) reduces existing programs, projects, or activities by $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or (7) creates or reorganizes offices, programs, or activities unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That prior to any significant reorganization or restructuring of offices, programs, or activities, each agency or entity funded in this Act shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each agency funded by this Act shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for the current fiscal year: Provided further, That at a minimum the report shall include: (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appropriation both by object class and program, project, and activity as detailed in the budget appendix for the respective appropriation; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest: Provided further, That the amount appropriated or limited for salaries and expenses for an agency shall be reduced by $100,000 per day for each day after the required date that the report has not been submitted to the Congress. SEC. 609. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2018 from appropriations made available for salaries and expenses for fiscal year 2018 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for each such account for the purposes authorized: Provided, That a request shall be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for approval prior to the expenditure of such funds: Provided further, That these requests shall be made in compliance with reprogramming guidelines. SEC. 610. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Executive Office of the President to request— (1) any official background investigation report on any individual from the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or (2) a determination with respect to the treatment of an organization as described in section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code from the Department of the Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply— (1) in the case of an official background investigation report, if such individual has given express written consent for such request not more than 6 months prior to the date of such request and during the same presidential administration; or (2) if such request is required due to extraordinary circumstances involving national security. SEC. 611. The cost accounting standards promulgated under chapter 15 of title 41, United States Code shall not apply with respect to a contract under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program established under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. SEC. 612. For the purpose of resolving litigation and implementing any settlement agreements regarding the nonforeign area costofliving allowance program, the Office of Personnel Management may accept and utilize (without regard to any restriction on unanticipated travel expenses imposed in an Appropriations Act) funds made available to the Office of Personnel Management pursuant to court approval. SEC. 613. No funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to pay for an abortion, or the administrative expenses in connection with any health plan under the Federal employees health benefits program which provides any benefits or coverage for abortions. SEC. 614. The provision of section 613 shall not apply where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term, or the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest. 
SEC. 615. In order to promote Government access to commercial information technology, the restriction on purchasing nondomestic articles, materials, and supplies set forth in chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code (popularly known as the Buy American Act), shall not apply to the acquisition by the Federal Government of information technology (as defined in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code), that is a commercial item (as defined in section 103 of title 41, United States Code). SEC. 616. Notwithstanding section 1353 of title 31, United States Code, no officer or employee of any regulatory agency or commission funded by this Act may accept on behalf of that agency, nor may such agency or commission accept, payment or reimbursement from a nonFederal entity for travel, subsistence, or related expenses for the purpose of enabling an officer or employee to attend and participate in any meeting or similar function relating to the official duties of the officer or employee when the entity offering payment or reimbursement is a person or entity subject to regulation by such agency or commission, or represents a person or entity subject to regulation by such agency or commission, unless the person or entity is an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code. SEC. 617. Notwithstanding section 708 of this Act, funds made available to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the Securities and Exchange Commission by this or any other Act may be used for the interagency funding and sponsorship of a joint advisory committee to advise on emerging regulatory issues. SEC. 618. (a)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an Executive agency covered by this Act otherwise authorized to enter into contracts for either leases or the construction or alteration of real property for office, meeting, storage, or other space must consult with the General Services Administration before issuing a solicitation for offers of new leases or construction contracts, and in the case of succeeding leases, before entering into negotiations with the current lessor. (2) Any such agency with authority to enter into an emergency lease may do so during any period declared by the President to require emergency leasing authority with respect to such agency. (b) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘Executive agency covered by this Act’’ means any Executive agency provided funds by this Act, but does not include the General Services Administration or the United States Postal Service. SEC. 619. (a) There are appropriated for the following activities the amounts required under current law: (1) Compensation of the President (3 U.S.C. 102). (2) Payments to— (A) the Judicial Officers’ Retirement Fund (28 U.S.C. 377(o)); (B) the Judicial Survivors’ Annuities Fund (28 U.S.C. 376(c)); and (C) the United States Court of Federal Claims Judges’ Retirement Fund (28 U.S.C. 178(l)). (3) Payment of Government contributions— (A) with respect to the health benefits of retired employees, as authorized by chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code, and the Retired Federal Employees Health Benefits Act (74 Stat. 849); and (B) with respect to the life insurance benefits for employees retiring after December 31, 1989 (5 U.S.C. ch. 87). (4) Payment to finance the unfunded liability of new and increased annuity benefits under the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund (5 U.S.C. 8348). (5) Payment of annuities authorized to be paid from the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund by statutory provisions other than subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, United States Code. (b) Nothing in this section may be construed to exempt any amount appropriated by this section from any otherwise applicable limitation on the use of funds contained in this Act. SEC. 620. In addition to amounts made available in prior fiscal years, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (Board) shall have authority to obligate funds for the scholarship program established by section 109(c)(2) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–204) in an amount not to exceed $1,000,000 of funds collected by the Board between January 1, 2017 and December 31, 2017, including accrued interest, as a result of the assessment of monetary penalties. Funds available for obligation in fiscal year 2018 shall remain available until expended. SEC. 621. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Federal Trade Commission to complete the draft report entitled ‘‘Interagency Working Group on Food Marketed to Children: Preliminary Proposed Nutrition Principles to Guide Industry Self Regulatory Efforts’’ unless the Interagency Working Group on Food Marketed to Children complies with Executive Order No. 13563. SEC. 622. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay the salaries and expenses for the following positions: (1) Director, White House Office of Health Reform. (2) Assistant to the President for Energy and Climate Change. (3) Senior Advisor to the Secretary of the Treasury assigned to the Presidential Task Force on the Auto Industry and Senior Counselor for Manufacturing Policy. (4) White House Director of Urban Affairs. SEC. 623. None of the funds in this Act may be used for the Director of the Office of Personnel Management to award a contract, enter an extension of, or exercise an option on a contract to a contractor conducting the final quality review processes for background investigation fieldwork services or background investigation support services that, as of the date of the award of the contract, are being conducted by that contractor. SEC. 624. (a) The head of each executive branch agency funded by this Act shall ensure that the Chief Information Officer of the agency has the authority to participate in decisions regarding the budget planning process related to information technology. (b) Amounts appropriated for any executive branch agency funded by this Act that are available for information technology shall be allocated within the agency, consistent with the provisions of appropriations Acts and budget guidelines and recommendations from the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in such manner as specified by, or approved by, the Chief Information Officer of the agency in consultation with the Chief Financial Officer of the agency and budget officials. SEC. 625. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of chapter 29, 31, or 33 of title 44, United States Code. SEC. 626. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by a governmental entity to require the disclosure by a provider of electronic communication service to the public or remote computing service of the contents of a wire or electronic communication that is in electronic storage with the provider (as such terms are defined in sections 2510 and 2711 of title 18, United States Code) in a manner that violates the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. SEC. 627. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by the Federal Communications Commission to modify, amend, or change the rules or regulations of the Commission for universal service highcost support for competitive eligible telecommunications carriers in a way that is inconsistent with paragraph (e)(5) or (e)(6) of section 54.307 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on July 15, 2015: Provided, That this section shall not prohibit the Commission from considering, developing, or adopting other support mechanisms as an alternative to Mobility Fund Phase II. SEC. 628. No funds provided in this Act shall be used to deny an Inspector General funded under this Act timely access to any records, documents, or other materials available to the department or agency over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978, or to prevent or impede that Inspector General’s access to such records, documents, or other materials, under any provision of law, except a provision of law that expressly refers to the Inspector General and expressly limits the Inspector General’s right of access. A department or agency covered by this section shall provide its Inspector General with access to all such records, documents, and other materials in a timely manner. Each Inspector General shall ensure compliance with statutory limitations on disclosure relevant to the information provided by the establishment over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978. Each Inspector General covered by this section shall report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 5 calendar days any failures to comply with this requirement. SEC. 629. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, adjudication activities, or other law enforcement or victim assistancerelated activity. SEC. 630. Section 633(a) of title VI of division E of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (1); (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2). SEC. 631. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used by the Securities and Exchange Commission to finalize, issue, or implement any rule, regulation, or order regarding the disclosure of political contributions, contributions to tax exempt organizations, or dues paid to trade associations. SEC. 632. (a) The United States courthouse located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Thad Cochran United States Courthouse’’. (b) Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the United States courthouse referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Thad Cochran United States Courthouse’’. 
TITLE VII GENERAL PROVISIONS—GOVERNMENT WIDE DEPARTMENTS , AGENCIES , ANDCORPORATIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 701. No department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States receiving appropriated funds under this or any other Act for fiscal year 2018 shall obligate or expend any such funds, unless such department, agency, or instrumentality has in place, and will continue to administer in good faith, a written policy designed to ensure that all of its workplaces are free from the illegal use, possession, or distribution of controlled substances (as defined in the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802)) by the officers and employees of such department, agency, or instrumentality. SEC. 702. Unless otherwise specifically provided, the maximum amount allowable during the current fiscal year in accordance with subsection 1343(c) of title 31, United States Code, for the purchase of any passenger motor vehicle (exclusive of buses, ambulances, law enforcement vehicles, protective vehicles, and undercover surveillance vehicles), is hereby fixed at $19,947 except station wagons for which the maximum shall be $19,997: Provided, That these limits may be exceeded by not to exceed $7,250 for police type vehicles: Provided further, That the limits set forth in this section may not be exceeded by more than 5 percent for electric or hybrid vehicles purchased for demonstration under the provisions of the Electric and Hybrid Vehicle Research, Development, and Demonstration Act of 1976: Provided further, That the limits set forth in this section may be exceeded by the incremental cost of clean alternative fuels vehicles acquired pursuant to Public Law 101–549 over the cost of comparable conventionally fueled vehicles: Pro vided further, That the limits set forth in this section shall not apply to any vehicle that is a commercial item and which operates on alternative fuel, including but not limited to electric, plugin hybrid electric, and hydrogen fuel cell vehicles. SEC. 703. Appropriations of the executive departments and independent establishments for the current fiscal year available for expenses of travel, or for the expenses of the activity concerned, are hereby made available for quarters allowances and costofliving allowances, in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 5922–5924. SEC. 704. Unless otherwise specified in law during the current fiscal year, no part of any appropriation contained in this or any other Act shall be used to pay the compensation of any officer or employee of the Government of the United States (including any agency the majority of the stock of which is owned by the Government of the United States) whose post of duty is in the continental United States unless such person: (1) is a citizen of the United States; (2) is a person who is lawfully admitted for permanent residence and is seeking citizenship as outlined in 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)(B); (3) is a person who is admitted as a refugee under 8 U.S.C. 1157 or is granted asylum under 8 U.S.C. 1158 and has filed a declaration of intention to become a lawful permanent resident and then a citizen when eligible; or (4) is a person who owes allegiance to the United States: Provided, That for purposes of this section, affidavits signed by any such person shall be considered prima facie evidence that the requirements of this section with respect to his or her status are being complied with: Provided further, That for purposes of subsections (2) and (3) such affidavits shall be submitted prior to employment and updated thereafter as necessary: Provided further, That any person making a false affidavit shall be guilty of a felony, and upon conviction, shall be fined no more than $4,000 or imprisoned for not more than 1 year, or both: Provided further, That the above penal clause shall be in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other provisions of existing law: Provided further, That any payment made to any officer or employee contrary to the provisions of this section shall be recoverable in action by the Federal Government: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to any person who is an officer or employee of the Government of the United States on the date of enactment of this Act, or to international broadcasters employed by the Broadcasting Board of Governors, or to temporary employment of translators, or to temporary employment in the field service (not to exceed 60 days) as a result of emergencies: Provided further, That this section does not apply to the employment as Wildland firefighters for not more than 120 days of nonresident aliens employed by the Department of the Interior or the USDA Forest Service pursuant to an agreement with another country. SEC. 705. Appropriations available to any department or agency during the current fiscal year for necessary expenses, including maintenance or operating expenses, shall also be available for payment to the General Services Administration for charges for space and services and those expenses of renovation and alteration of buildings and facilities which constitute public improvements performed in accordance with the Public Buildings Act of 1959 (73 Stat. 479), the Public Buildings Amendments of 1972 (86 Stat. 216), or other applicable law. SEC. 706. In addition to funds provided in this or any other Act, all Federal agencies are authorized to receive and use funds resulting from the sale of materials, including Federal records disposed of pursuant to a records schedule recovered through recycling or waste prevention programs. Such funds shall be available until expended for the following purposes: (1) Acquisition, waste reduction and prevention, and recycling programs as described in Executive Order No. 13693 (March 19, 2015), including any such programs adopted prior to the effective date of the Executive order. (2) Other Federal agency environmental management programs, including, but not limited to, the development and implementation of hazardous waste management and pollution prevention programs. (3) Other employee programs as authorized by law or as deemed appropriate by the head of the Federal agency. SEC. 707. Funds made available by this or any other Act for administrative expenses in the current fiscal year of the corporations and agencies subject to chapter 91 of title 31, United States Code, shall be available, in addition to objects for which such funds are otherwise available, for rent in the District of Columbia; services in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 3109; and the objects specified under this head, all the provisions of which shall be applicable to the expenditure of such funds unless otherwise specified in the Act by which they are made available: Provided, That in the event any functions budgeted as administrative expenses are subsequently transferred to or paid from other funds, the limitations on administrative expenses shall be correspondingly reduced. SEC. 708. No part of any appropriation contained in this or any other Act shall be available for interagency financing of boards (except Federal Executive Boards), commissions, councils, committees, or similar groups (whether or not they are interagency entities) which do not have a prior and specific statutory approval to receive financial support from more than one agency or instrumentality. SEC. 709. None of the funds made available pursuant to the provisions of this or any other Act shall be used to implement, administer, or enforce any regulation which has been disapproved pursuant to a joint resolution duly adopted in accordance with the applicable law of the United States. SEC. 710. During the period in which the head of any department or agency, or any other officer or civilian employee of the Federal Government appointed by the President of the United States, holds office, no funds may be obligated or expended in excess of $5,000 to furnish or redecorate the office of such department head, agency head, officer, or employee, or to purchase furniture or make improvements for any such office, unless advance notice of such furnishing or redecoration is transmitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. For the purposes of this section, the term ‘‘office’’ shall include the entire suite of offices assigned to the individual, as well as any other space used primarily by the individual or the use of which is directly controlled by the individual. SEC. 711. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346, or section 708 of this Act, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act shall be available for the interagency funding of national security and emergency preparedness telecommunications initiatives which benefit multiple Federal departments, agencies, or entities, as provided by Executive Order No. 13618 (July 6, 2012). SEC. 712. (a) None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be obligated or expended by any department, agency, or other instrumentality of the Federal Government to pay the salaries or expenses of any individual appointed to a position of a confidential or policydetermining character that is excepted from the competitive service under section 3302 of title 5, United States Code, (pursuant to schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations) unless the head of the applicable department, agency, or other instrumentality employing such schedule C individual certifies to the Director of the Office of Personnel Management that the schedule C position occupied by the individual was not created solely or primarily in order to detail the individual to the White House. (b) The provisions of this section shall not apply to Federal employees or members of the armed forces detailed to or from an element of the intelligence community (as that term is defined under section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))). SEC. 713. No part of any appropriation contained in this or any other Act shall be available for the payment of the salary of any officer or employee of the Federal Government, who— (1) prohibits or prevents, or attempts or threatens to prohibit or prevent, any other officer or employee of the Federal Government from having any direct oral or written communication or contact with any Member, committee, or subcommittee of the Congress in connection with any matter pertaining to the employment of such other officer or employee or pertaining to the department or agency of such other officer or employee in any way, irrespective of whether such communication or contact is at the initiative of such other officer or employee or in response to the request or inquiry of such Member, committee, or subcommittee; or (2) removes, suspends from duty without pay, demotes, reduces in rank, seniority, status, pay, or performance or efficiency rating, denies promotion to, relocates, reassigns, transfers, disciplines, or discriminates in regard to any employment right, entitlement, 
or benefit, or any term or condition of employment of, any other officer or employee of the Federal Government, or attempts or threatens to commit any of the foregoing actions with respect to such other officer or employee, by reason of any communication or contact of such other officer or employee with any Member, committee, or subcommittee of the Congress as described in paragraph (1). SEC. 714. (a) None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be obligated or expended for any employee training that— (1) does not meet identified needs for knowledge, skills, and abilities bearing directly upon the performance of official duties; (2) contains elements likely to induce high levels of emotional response or psychological stress in some participants; (3) does not require prior employee notification of the content and methods to be used in the training and written end of course evaluation; (4) contains any methods or content associated with religious or quasireligious belief systems or ‘‘new age’’ belief systems as defined in Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Notice N–915.022, dated September 2, 1988; or (5) is offensive to, or designed to change, participants’ personal values or lifestyle outside the workplace. (b) Nothing in this section shall prohibit, restrict, or otherwise preclude an agency from conducting training bearing directly upon the performance of official duties. SEC. 715. No part of any funds appropriated in this or any other Act shall be used by an agency of the executive branch, other than for normal and recognized executivelegislative relationships, for publicity or propaganda purposes, and for the preparation, distribution or use of any kit, pamphlet, booklet, publication, radio, television, or film presentation designed to support or defeat legislation pending before the Congress, except in presentation to the Congress itself. SEC. 716. None of the funds appropriated by this or any other Act may be used by an agency to provide a Federal employee’s home address to any labor organization except when the employee has authorized such disclosure or when such disclosure has been ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction. SEC. 717. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to provide any nonpublic information such as mailing, telephone or electronic mailing lists to any person or any organization outside of the Federal Government without the approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. SEC. 718. No part of any appropriation contained in this or any other Act shall be used directly or indirectly, including by private contractor, for publicity or propaganda purposes within the United States not heretofore authorized by Congress. SEC. 719. (a) In this section, the term ‘‘agency’’— (1) means an Executive agency, as defined under 5 U.S.C. 105; and (2) includes a military department, as defined under section 102 of such title, the United States Postal Service, and the Postal Regulatory Commission. (b) Unless authorized in accordance with law or regulations to use such time for other purposes, an employee of an agency shall use official time in an honest effort to perform official duties. An employee not under a leave system, including a Presidential appointee exempted under 5 U.S.C. 6301(2), has an obligation to expend an honest effort and a reasonable proportion of such employee’s time in the performance of official duties. SEC. 720. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346 and section 708 of this Act, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act to any department or agency, which is a member of the Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board (FASAB), shall be available to finance an appropriate share of FASAB administrative costs. SEC. 721. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346 and section 708 of this Act, the head of each Executive department and agency is hereby authorized to transfer to or reimburse ‘‘General Services Administration, Government wide Policy’’ with the approval of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act, including rebates from charge card and other contracts: Provided, That these funds shall be administered by the Administrator of General Services to support Governmentwide and other multiagency financial, information technology, procurement, and other management innovations, initiatives, and activities, including improving coordination and reducing duplication, as approved by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the appropriate interagency and multiagency groups designated by the Director (including the President’s Management Council for overall management improvement initiatives, the Chief Financial Officers Council for financial management initiatives, the Chief Information Officers Council for information technology initiatives, the Chief Human Capital Officers Council for human capital initiatives, the Chief Acquisition Officers Council for procurement initiatives, and the Performance Improvement Council for performance improvement initiatives): Provided further, That the total funds transferred or reimbursed shall not exceed $15,000,000 to improve coordination, reduce duplication, and for other activities related to Federal Government Priority Goals established by 31 U.S.C. 1120, and not to exceed $17,000,000 for GovernmentWide innovations, initiatives, and activities: Provided further, That the funds transferred to or for reimbursement of ‘‘General Services Administration, Government wide Policy’’ during fiscal year 2018 shall remain available for obligation through September 30, 2019: Provided further, That such transfers or reimbursements may only be made after 15 days following notification of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. SEC. 722. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a woman may breastfeed her child at any location in a Federal building or on Federal property, if the woman and her child are otherwise authorized to be present at the location. SEC. 723. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346, or section 708 of this Act, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act shall be available for the interagency funding of specific projects, workshops, studies, and similar efforts to carry out the purposes of the National Science and Technology Council (authorized by Executive Order No. 12881), which benefit multiple Federal departments, agencies, or entities: Provided, That the Office of Management and Budget shall provide a report describing the budget of and resources connected with the National Science and Technology Council to the Committees on Appropriations, the House Committee on Science and Technology, and the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation 90 days after enactment of this Act. SEC. 724. Any request for proposals, solicitation, grant application, form, notification, press release, or other publications involving the distribution of Federal funds shall comply with any relevant requirements in part 200 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations: Provided, That this section shall apply to direct payments, formula funds, and grants received by a State receiving Federal funds. SEC. 725. (a) P ROHIBITION OF FEDERAL AGENCYMONITORING OF INDIVIDUALS ’ INTERNET  USE.—None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used by any Federal agency— (1) to collect, review, or create any aggregation of data, derived from any means, that includes any personally identifiable information relating to an individual’s access to or use of any Federal Government Internet site of the agency; or (2) to enter into any agreement with a third party (including another government agency) to collect, review, or obtain any aggregation of data, derived from any means, that includes any personally identifiable information relating to an individual’s access to or use of any nongovernmental Internet site. (b) EXCEPTIONS .—The limitations established in subsection (a) shall not apply to— (1) any record of aggregate data that does not identify particular persons; (2) any voluntary submission of personally identifiable information; (3) any action taken for law enforcement, regulatory, or supervisory purposes, in accordance with applicable law; or (4) any action described in subsection (a)(1) that is a system security action taken by the operator of an Internet site and is necessarily incident to providing the Internet site services or to protecting the rights or property of the provider of the Internet site. (c) DEFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section: (1) The term ‘‘regulatory’’ means agency actions to implement, interpret or enforce authorities provided in law. (2) The term ‘‘supervisory’’ means examinations of the agency’s supervised institutions, including assessing safety and soundness, overall financial condition, management practices and policies and compliance with applicable standards as provided in law. SEC. 726. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to enter into or renew a contract which includes a provision providing prescription drug coverage, except where the contract also includes a provision for contraceptive coverage. (b) Nothing in this section shall apply to a contract with— (1) any of the following religious plans: (A) Personal Care’s HMO; and (B) OSF HealthPlans, Inc.; and (2) any existing or future plan, if the carrier for the plan objects to such coverage on the basis of religious beliefs. (c) In implementing this section, any plan that enters into or renews a contract under this section may not subject any individual to discrimination on the basis that the individual refuses to prescribe or otherwise provide for contraceptives because such activities would be contrary to the individual’s religious beliefs or moral convictions. (d) Nothing in this section shall be construed to require coverage of abortion or abortionrelated services. SEC. 727. The United States is committed to ensuring the health of its Olympic, Pan American, and Paralympic athletes, and supports the strict adherence to antidoping in sport through testing, adjudication, education, and research as performed by nationally recognized oversight authorities. SEC. 728. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated for official travel to Federal departments and agencies may be used by such departments and agencies, if consistent with Office of Management 
and Budget Circular A–126 regarding official travel for Government personnel, to participate in the fractional aircraft ownership pilot program. SEC. 729. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds appropriated or made available under this or any other appropriations Act may be used to implement or enforce restrictions or limitations on the Coast Guard Congressional Fellowship Program, or to implement the proposed regulations of the Office of Personnel Management to add sections 300.311 through 300.316 to part 300 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations, published in the Federal Register, volume 68, number 174, on September 9, 2003 (relating to the detail of executive branch employees to the legislative branch). SEC. 730. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no executive branch agency shall purchase, construct, or lease any additional facilities, except within or contiguous to existing locations, to be used for the purpose of conducting Federal law enforcement training without the advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, except that the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center is authorized to obtain the temporary use of additional facilities by lease, contract, or other agreement for training which cannot be accommodated in existing Center facilities. SEC. 731. Unless otherwise authorized by existing law, none of the funds provided in this or any other Act may be used by an executive branch agency to produce any prepackaged news story intended for broadcast or distribution in the United States, unless the story includes a clear notification within the text or audio of the prepackaged news story that the prepackaged news story was prepared or funded by that executive branch agency. SEC. 732. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of section 552a of title 5, United States Code (popularly known as the Privacy Act), and regulations implementing that section. SEC. 733. (a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used for any Federal Government contract with any foreign incorporated entity which is treated as an inverted domestic corporation under section 835(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 395(b)) or any subsidiary of such an entity. (b) WAIVERS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Any Secretary shall waive subsection (a) with respect to any Federal Government contract under the authority of such Secretary if the Secretary determines that the waiver is required in the interest of national security. (2) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Any Secretary issuing a waiver under paragraph (1) shall report such issuance to Congress. (c) EXCEPTION .—This section shall not apply to any Federal Government contract entered into before the date of the enactment of this Act, or to any task order issued pursuant to such contract. SEC. 734. During fiscal year 2018, for each employee who— (1) retires under section 8336(d)(2) or 8414(b)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code; or (2) retires under any other provision of subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 of such title 5 and receives a payment as an incentive to separate, the separating agency shall remit to the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund an amount equal to the Office of Personnel Management’s average unit cost of processing a retirement claim for the preceding fiscal year. Such amounts shall be available until expended to the Office of Personnel Management and shall be deemed to be an administrative expense under section 8348(a)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code. SEC. 735. (a) None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to recommend or require any entity submitting an offer for a Federal contract to disclose any of the following information as a condition of submitting the offer: (1) Any payment consisting of a contribution, expenditure, independent expenditure, or disbursement for an electioneering communication that is made by the entity, its officers or directors, or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries to a candidate for election for Federal office or to a political committee, or that is otherwise made with respect to any election for Federal office. (2) Any disbursement of funds (other than a payment described in paragraph (1)) made by the entity, its officers or directors, or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries to any person with the intent or the reasonable expectation that the person will use the funds to make a payment described in paragraph (1). (b) In this section, each of the terms ‘‘contribution’’, ‘‘expenditure’’, ‘‘independent expenditure’’, ‘‘electioneering communication’’, ‘‘candidate’’, ‘‘election’’, and ‘‘Federal office’’ has the meaning given such term in the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30101 et seq.). SEC. 736. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pay for the painting of a portrait of an officer or employee of the Federal government, including the President, the Vice President, a member of Congress (including a Delegate or a Resident Commissioner to Congress), the head of an executive branch agency (as defined in section 133 of title 41, United States Code), or the head of an office of the legislative branch. SEC. 737. (a)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, and except as otherwise provided in this section, no part of any of the funds appropriated for fiscal year 2018, by this or any other Act, may be used to pay any prevailing rate employee described in section 5342(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code— (A) during the period from the date of expiration of the limitation imposed by the comparable section for the previous fiscal years until the normal effective date of the applicable wage survey adjustment that is to take effect in fiscal year 2018, in an amount that exceeds the rate payable for the applicable grade and step of the applicable wage schedule in accordance with such section; and (B) during the period consisting of the remainder of fiscal year 2018, in an amount that exceeds, as a result of a wage survey adjustment, the rate payable under subparagraph (A) by more than the sum of— (i) the percentage adjustment taking effect in fiscal year 2018 under section 5303 of title 5, United States Code, in the rates of pay under the General Schedule; and (ii) the difference between the overall average percentage of the localitybased comparability payments taking effect in fiscal year 2018 under section 5304 of such title (whether by adjustment or otherwise), and the overall average percentage of such payments which was effective in the previous fiscal year under such section. (2) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no prevailing rate employee described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of section 5342(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code, and no employee covered by section 5348 of such title, may be paid during the periods for which paragraph (1) is in effect at a rate that exceeds the rates that would be payable under paragraph (1) were paragraph (1) applicable to such employee. (3) For the purposes of this subsection, the rates payable to an employee who is covered by this subsection and who is paid from a schedule not in existence on September 30, 2017, shall be determined under regulations prescribed by the Office of Personnel Management. (4) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, rates of premium pay for employees subject to this subsection may not be changed from the rates in effect on September 30, 2017, except to the extent determined by the Office of Personnel Management to be consistent with the purpose of this subsection. (5) This subsection shall apply with respect to pay for service performed after September 30, 2017. (6) For the purpose of administering any provision of law (including any rule or regulation that provides premium pay, retirement, life insurance, or any other employee benefit) that requires any deduction or contribution, or that imposes any requirement or limitation on the basis of a rate of salary or basic pay, the rate of salary or basic pay payable after the application of this subsection shall be treated as the rate of salary or basic pay. (7) Nothing in this subsection shall be considered to permit or require the payment to any employee covered by this subsection at a rate in excess of the rate that would be payable were this subsection not in effect. (8) The Office of Personnel Management may provide for exceptions to the limitations imposed by this subsection if the Office determines that such exceptions are necessary to ensure the recruitment or retention of qualified employees. (b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), the adjustment in rates of basic pay for the statutory pay systems that take place in fiscal year 2018 under sections 5344 and 5348 of title 5, United States Code, shall be— (1) not less than the percentage received by employees in the same location whose rates of basic pay are adjusted pursuant to the statutory pay systems under sections 5303 and 5304 of title 5, United States Code: Pro vided, That prevailing rate employees at locations where there are no employees whose pay is increased pursuant to sections 5303 and 5304 of title 5, United States Code, and prevailing rate employees described in section 5343(a)(5) of title 5, United States Code, shall be considered to be located in the pay locality designated as ‘‘Rest of United States’’ pursuant to section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, for purposes of this subsection; and (2) effective as of the first day of the first applicable pay period beginning after September 30, 2017. SEC. 738. (a) The Vice President may not receive a pay raise in calendar year 2018, notwithstanding the rate adjustment made under section 104 of title 3, United States Code, or any other provision of law. (b) An employee serving in an Executive Schedule position, or in a position for which the rate of pay is fixed by statute at an Executive Schedule rate, may not receive a pay rate increase in calendar year 2018, notwithstanding schedule adjustments made under section 5318 of title 5, United States Code, or any other provision of law, except as provided in subsection (g), (h), or (i). This subsection applies only to employees who are holding a position under a political appointment. (c) A chief of mission or ambassador at large may not receive a pay rate increase in calendar year 2018, notwithstanding section 401 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (Public Law 96–465) or any other provision of law, except as provided in subsection (g), (h), or (i). (d) Notwithstanding sections 5382 and 5383 of title 5, United States Code, a pay rate increase may not be received in calendar year 2018 (except as provided in subsection (g), (h), or (i)) by— 
(1) a noncareer appointee in the Senior Executive Service paid a rate of basic pay at or above level IV of the Executive Schedule; or (2) a limited term appointee or limited emergency appointee in the Senior Executive Service serving under a political appointment and paid a rate of basic pay at or above level IV of the Executive Schedule. (e) Any employee paid a rate of basic pay (including any localitybased payments under section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, or similar authority) at or above level IV of the Executive Schedule who serves under a political appointment may not receive a pay rate increase in calendar year 2018, notwithstanding any other provision of law, except as provided in subsection (g), (h), or (i). This subsection does not apply to employees in the General Schedule pay system or the Foreign Service pay system, or to employees appointed under section 3161 of title 5, United States Code, or to employees in another pay system whose position would be classified at GS–15 or below if chapter 51 of title 5, United States Code, applied to them. (f) Nothing in subsections (b) through (e) shall prevent employees who do not serve under a political appointment from receiving pay increases as otherwise provided under applicable law. (g) A career appointee in the Senior Executive Service who receives a Presidential appointment and who makes an election to retain Senior Executive Service basic pay entitlements under section 3392 of title 5, United States Code, is not subject to this section. (h) A member of the Senior Foreign Service who receives a Presidential appointment to any position in the executive branch and who makes an election to retain Senior Foreign Service pay entitlements under section 302(b) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (Public Law 96–465) is not subject to this section. (i) Notwithstanding subsections (b) through (e), an employee in a covered position may receive a pay rate increase upon an authorized movement to a different covered position with higherlevel duties and a pre established higher level or range of pay, except that any such increase must be based on the rates of pay and applicable pay limitations in effect on December 31, 2013. (j) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for an individual who is newly appointed to a covered position during the period of time subject to this section, the initial pay rate shall be based on the rates of pay and applicable pay limitations in effect on December 31, 2013. (k) If an employee affected by subsections (b) through (e) is subject to a biweekly pay period that begins in calendar year 2018 but ends in calendar year 2019, the bar on the employee’s receipt of pay rate increases shall apply through the end of that pay period. SEC. 739. (a) The head of any Executive branch department, agency, board, commission, or office funded by this or any other appropriations Act shall submit annual reports to the Inspector General or senior ethics official for any entity without an Inspector General, regarding the costs and contracting procedures related to each conference held by any such department, agency, board, commission, or office during fiscal year 2018 for which the cost to the United States Government was more than $100,000. (b) Each report submitted shall include, for each conference described in subsection (a) held during the applicable period— (1) a description of its purpose; (2) the number of participants attending; (3) a detailed statement of the costs to the United States Government, including— (A) the cost of any food or beverages; (B) the cost of any audiovisual services; (C) the cost of employee or contractor travel to and from the conference; and (D) a discussion of the methodology used to determine which costs relate to the conference; and (4) a description of the contracting procedures used including— (A) whether contracts were awarded on a competitive basis; and (B) a discussion of any cost comparison conducted by the departmental component or office in evaluating potential contractors for the conference. (c) Within 15 days after the end of a quarter, the head of any such department, agency, board, commission, or office shall notify the Inspector General or senior ethics official for any entity without an Inspector General, of the date, location, and number of employees attending a conference held by any Executive branch department, agency, board, commission, or office funded by this or any other appropriations Act during fiscal year 2018 for which the cost to the United States Government was more than $20,000. (d) A grant or contract funded by amounts appropriated by this or any other appropriations Act may not be used for the purpose of defraying the costs of a conference described in subsection (c) that is not directly and programmatically related to the purpose for which the grant or contract was awarded, such as a conference held in connection with planning, training, assessment, review, or other routine purposes related to a project funded by the grant or contract. (e) None of the funds made available in this or any other appropriations Act may be used for travel and conference activities that are not in compliance with Office of Management and Budget Memorandum M–12–12 dated May 11, 2012 or any subsequent revisions to that memorandum. SEC. 740. None of the funds made available in this or any other appropriations Act may be used to increase, eliminate, or reduce funding for a program, project, or activity as proposed in the President’s budget request for a fiscal year until such proposed change is subsequently enacted in an appropriation Act, or unless such change is made pursuant to the reprogramming or transfer provisions of this or any other appropriations Act. SEC. 741. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, enforce, or apply the rule entitled ‘‘Competitive Area’’ published by the Office of Personnel Management in the Federal Register on April 15, 2008 (73 Fed. Reg. 20180 et seq.). SEC. 742. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used to begin or announce a study or publicprivate competition regarding the conversion to contractor performance of any function performed by Federal employees pursuant to Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 or any other administrative regulation, directive, or policy. SEC. 743. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be available for a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement with an entity that requires employees or contractors of such entity seeking to report fraud, waste, or abuse to sign internal confidentiality agreements or statements prohibiting or otherwise restricting such employees or contractors from lawfully reporting such waste, fraud, or abuse to a designated investigative or law enforcement representative of a Federal department or agency authorized to receive such information. (b) The limitation in subsection (a) shall not contravene requirements applicable to Standard Form 312, Form 4414, or any other form issued by a Federal department or agency governing the nondisclosure of classified information. SEC. 744. (a) No funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to implement or enforce the agreements in Standard Forms 312 and 4414 of the Government or any other nondisclosure policy, form, or agreement if such policy, form, or agreement does not contain the following provisions: ‘‘These provisions are consistent with and do not supersede, conflict with, or otherwise alter the employee obligations, rights, or liabilities created by existing statute or Executive order relating to (1) classified information, (2) communications to Congress, (3) the reporting to an Inspector General of a violation of any law, rule, or regulation, or mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health or safety, or (4) any other whistleblower protection. The definitions, requirements, obligations, rights, sanctions, and liabilities created by controlling Executive orders and statutory provisions are incorporated into this agreement and are controlling.’’: Provided, That notwithstanding the preceding provision of this section, a nondisclosure policy form or agreement that is to be executed by a person connected with the conduct of an intelligence or intelligencerelated activity, other than an employee or officer of the United States Government, may contain provisions appropriate to the particular activity for which such document is to be used. Such form or agreement shall, at a minimum, require that the person will not disclose any classified information received in the course of such activity unless specifically authorized to do so by the United States Government. Such nondisclosure forms shall also make it clear that they do not bar disclosures to Congress, or to an authorized official of an executive agency or the Department of Justice, that are essential to reporting a substantial violation of law. (b) A nondisclosure agreement may continue to be implemented and enforced notwithstanding subsection (a) if it complies with the requirements for such agreement that were in effect when the agreement was entered into. (c) No funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to implement or enforce any agreement entered into during fiscal year 2014 which does not contain substantially similar language to that required in subsection (a). SEC. 745. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, where the awarding agency is aware of the unpaid tax liability, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government. SEC. 746. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that was convicted of a felony criminal violation under any Federal law within the preceding 24 months, where the awarding agency is aware of the conviction, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government. 
SEC. 747. (a) During fiscal year 2018, on the date on which a request is made for a transfer of funds in accordance with section 1017 of Public Law 111–203, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate of such request. (b) Any notification required by this section shall be made available on the Bureau’s public Web site. SEC. 748. If, for fiscal year 2018, new budget authority provided in appropriations Acts exceeds the discretionary spending limit for any category set forth in section 251(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 due to estimating differences with the Congressional Budget Office, an adjustment to the discretionary spending limit in such category for fiscal year 2018 shall be made by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget in the amount of the excess but the total of all such adjustments shall not exceed 0.2 percent of the sum of the adjusted discretionary spending limits for all categories for that fiscal year. SEC. 749. Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in any title other than title IV or VIII shall not apply to such title IV or VIII. TITLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS—DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  SEC. 801. There are appropriated from the applicable funds of the District of Columbia such sums as may be necessary for making refunds and for the payment of legal settlements or judgments that have been entered against the District of Columbia government. SEC. 802. None of the Federal funds provided in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes or implementation of any policy including boycott designed to support or defeat legislation pending before Congress or any State legislature. SEC. 803. (a) None of the Federal funds provided under this Act to the agencies funded by this Act, both Federal and District government agencies, that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2018, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditures for an agency through a reprogramming of funds which— (1) creates new programs; (2) eliminates a program, project, or responsibility center; (3) establishes or changes allocations specifically denied, limited or increased under this Act; (4) increases funds or personnel by any means for any program, project, or responsibility center for which funds have been denied or restricted; (5) reestablishes any program or project previously deferred through reprogramming; (6) augments any existing program, project, or responsibility center through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $3,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or (7) increases by 20 percent or more personnel assigned to a specific program, project or responsibility center, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (b) The District of Columbia government is authorized to approve and execute reprogramming and transfer requests of local funds under this title through November 7, 2018. SEC. 804. None of the Federal funds provided in this Act may be used by the District of Columbia to provide for salaries, expenses, or other costs associated with the offices of United States Senator or United States Representative under section 4(d) of the District of Columbia Statehood Constitutional Convention Initiatives of 1979 (D.C. Law 3–171; D.C. Official Code, sec. 1–123). SEC. 805. Except as otherwise provided in this section, none of the funds made available by this Act or by any other Act may be used to provide any officer or employee of the District of Columbia with an official vehicle unless the officer or employee uses the vehicle only in the performance of the officer’s or employee’s official duties. For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘official duties’’ does not include travel between the officer’s or employee’s residence and workplace, except in the case of— (1) an officer or employee of the Metropolitan Police Department who resides in the District of Columbia or is otherwise designated by the Chief of the Department; (2) at the discretion of the Fire Chief, an officer or employee of the District of Columbia Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (3) at the discretion of the Director of the Department of Corrections, an officer or employee of the District of Columbia Department of Corrections who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (4) at the discretion of the Chief Medical Examiner, an officer or employee of the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (5) at the discretion of the Director of the Homeland Security and Emergency Management Agency, an officer or employee of the Homeland Security and Emergency Management Agency who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (6) the Mayor of the District of Columbia; and (7) the Chairman of the Council of the District of Columbia. SEC. 806. (a) None of the Federal funds contained in this Act may be used by the District of Columbia Attorney General or any other officer or entity of the District government to provide assistance for any petition drive or civil action which seeks to require Congress to provide for voting representation in Congress for the District of Columbia. (b) Nothing in this section bars the District of Columbia Attorney General from reviewing or commenting on briefs in private lawsuits, or from consulting with officials of the District government regarding such lawsuits. SEC. 807. None of the Federal funds contained in this Act may be used to distribute any needle or syringe for the purpose of preventing the spread of blood borne pathogens in any location that has been determined by the local public health or local law enforcement authorities to be inappropriate for such distribution. SEC. 808. Nothing in this Act may be construed to prevent the Council or Mayor of the District of Columbia from addressing the issue of the provision of contraceptive coverage by health insurance plans, but it is the intent of Congress that any legislation enacted on such issue should include a ‘‘conscience clause’’ which provides exceptions for religious beliefs and moral convictions. SEC. 809. (a) None of the Federal funds contained in this Act may be used to enact or carry out any law, rule, or regulation to legalize or otherwise reduce penalties associated with the possession, use, or distribution of any schedule I substance under the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) or any tetrahydrocannabinols derivative. (b) No funds available for obligation or expenditure by the District of Columbia government under any authority may be used to enact any law, rule, or regulation to legalize or otherwise reduce penalties associated with the possession, use, or distribution of any schedule I substance under the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) or any tetrahydrocannabinols derivative for recreational purposes. SEC. 810. No funds available for obligation or expenditure by the District of Columbia government under any authority shall be expended for any abortion except where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term or where the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest. SEC. 811. (a) No later than 30 calendar days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Financial Officer for the District of Columbia shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress, the Mayor, and the Council of the District of Columbia, a revised appropriated funds operating budget in the format of the budget that the District of Columbia government submitted pursuant to section 442 of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (D.C. Official Code, sec. 1–204.42), for all agencies of the District of Columbia government for fiscal year 2018 that is in the total amount of the approved appropriation and that realigns all budgeted data for personal services and otherthanpersonal services, respectively, with anticipated actual expenditures. (b) This section shall apply only to an agency for which the Chief Financial Officer for the District of Columbia certifies that a reallocation is required to address unanticipated changes in program requirements. SEC. 812. No later than 30 calendar days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Financial Officer for the District of Columbia shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress, the Mayor, and the Council for the District of Columbia, a revised appropriated funds operating budget for the District of Columbia Public Schools that aligns schools budgets to actual enrollment. The revised appropriated funds budget shall be in the format of the budget that the District of Columbia government submitted pursuant to section 442 of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (D.C. Official Code, sec. 1–204.42). SEC. 813. (a) Amounts appropriated in this Act as operating funds may be transferred to the District of Columbia’s enterprise and capital funds and such amounts, once transferred, shall retain appropriation authority consistent with the provisions of this Act. (b) The District of Columbia government is authorized to reprogram or transfer for operating expenses any local funds transferred or reprogrammed in this or the four prior fiscal years from operating funds to capital funds, and such amounts, once transferred or reprogrammed, shall retain appropriation authority consistent with the provisions of this Act. (c) The District of Columbia government may not transfer or reprogram for operating expenses any funds derived from bonds, notes, or other obligations issued for capital projects. SEC. 814. None of the Federal funds appropriated in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, nor may any be transferred to other appropriations, unless expressly so provided herein. 
SEC. 815. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law or under this Act, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2018 from appropriations of Federal funds made available for salaries and expenses for fiscal year 2018 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for each such account for the purposes authorized: Provided, That a request shall be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for approval prior to the expenditure of such funds: Provided further, That these requests shall be made in compliance with reprogramming guidelines outlined in section 803 of this Act. SEC. 816. (a)(1) During fiscal year 2019, during a period in which neither a District of Columbia continuing resolution or a regular District of Columbia appropriation bill is in effect, local funds are appropriated in the amount provided for any project or activity for which local funds are provided in the Act referred to in paragraph (2) (subject to any modifications enacted by the District of Columbia as of the beginning of the period during which this subsection is in effect) at the rate set forth by such Act. (2) The Act referred to in this paragraph is the Act of the Council of the District of Columbia pursuant to which a proposed budget is approved for fiscal year 2019 which (subject to the requirements of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act) will constitute the local portion of the annual budget for the District of Columbia government for fiscal year 2019 for purposes of section 446 of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (sec. 1–204.46, D.C. Official Code). (b) Appropriations made by subsection (a) shall cease to be available— (1) during any period in which a District of Columbia continuing resolution for fiscal year 2019 is in effect; or (2) upon the enactment into law of the regular District of Columbia appropriation bill for fiscal year 2019. (c) An appropriation made by subsection (a) is provided under the authority and conditions as provided under this Act and shall be available to the extent and in the manner that would be provided by this Act. (d) An appropriation made by subsection (a) shall cover all obligations or expenditures incurred for such project or activity during the portion of fiscal year 2019 for which this section applies to such project or activity. (e) This section shall not apply to a project or activity during any period of fiscal year 2019 if any other provision of law (other than an authorization of appropriations)— (1) makes an appropriation, makes funds available, or grants authority for such project or activity to continue for such period; or (2) specifically provides that no appropriation shall be made, no funds shall be made available, or no authority shall be granted for such project or activity to continue for such period. (f) Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect obligations of the government of the District of Columbia mandated by other law. SEC. 817. Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this title or in title IV shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this title or of title IV. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION F—DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT, OPERATIONS, INTELLIGENCE, AND OVERSIGHT OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY AND EXECUTIVE  MANAGEMENT  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Secretary and for executive management for operations and support, $139,602,000: Provided, That not to exceed $30,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Pro vided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, $2,000,000 shall be withheld from obligation until the Secretary complies with section 107 of this Act. MANAGEMENT DIRECTORATE  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Management Directorate for operations and support, $710,297,000, of which $227,516,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not to exceed $2,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of the Management Directorate for procurement, construction, and improvements, $29,569,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses of the Management Directorate for research and development, $2,545,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. INTELLIGENCE , ANALYSIS , ANDOPERATIONS  COORDINATION  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Office of Intelligence and Analysis and the Office of Operations Coordination for operations and support, $245,905,000, of which $77,915,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not to exceed $3,825 shall be for official reception and representation expenses and not to exceed $2,000,000 is available for facility needs associated with secure space at fusion centers, including improvements to buildings. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General for operations and support, $168,000,000: Provided, That not to exceed $300,000 may be used for certain confidential operational expenses, including the payment of informants, to be expended at the direction of the Inspector General. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  SEC. 101. Hereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, at the time the President’s budget proposal is submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Future Years Homeland Security Program, as authorized by section 874 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 454). SEC. 102. Not later than 30 days after the last day of each month, the Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a monthly budget and staffing report that includes total obligations of the Department for that month and for the fiscal year at the appropriation and program, project, and activity levels, by the source year of the appropriation. SEC. 103. (a) Notwithstanding section 518 of division F of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit a report not later than October 15, 2018, to the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security listing all grants and contracts awarded by any means other than full and open competition during fiscal years 2017 and 2018. (b) The Inspector General shall review the report required by subsection (a) to assess departmental compliance with applicable laws and regulations and report the results of that review to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than February 15, 2019. SEC. 104. The Secretary of Homeland Security shall require that all contracts of the Department of Homeland Security that provide award fees link such fees to successful acquisition outcomes, which shall be specified in terms of cost, schedule, and performance. SEC. 105. The Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives of any proposed transfers of funds available under section 9703(g)(4)(B) of title 31, United States Code (as added by Public Law 102–393) from the Department of the Treasury Forfeiture Fund to any agency within the Department of Homeland Security: Provided, That none of the funds identified for such a transfer may be obligated until the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified of the proposed transfers. SEC. 106. All official costs associated with the use of Government aircraft by Department of Homeland Security personnel to support official travel of the Secretary and the Deputy Secretary shall be paid from amounts made available for the Office of the Secretary. SEC. 107. (a) Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committees on the Judiciary of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, a report for fiscal year 2017 on visa overstay data by country as required by section 1376 of title 8, United States Code: Provided, That the report on visa overstay data shall also include— (1) overstays from all nonimmigrant visa categories under the immigration laws, delineated by each of the classes and subclasses of such categories; and (2) numbers as well as rates of overstays for each class and subclass of such nonimmigrant categories on a percountry basis. (b) The Secretary of Homeland Security shall publish on the Department’s website the metrics developed to measure the effectiveness of security between the ports of entry, including the methodology and data supporting the resulting measures. TITLE II SECURITY, ENFORCEMENT, AND INVESTIGATIONS U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of U.S. Customs and Border Protection for operations and support, including the transportation of unaccompanied minor aliens; the provision of air and marine support to Federal, State, 
and local agencies in the enforcement or administration of laws enforced by the Department of Homeland Security; at the discretion of the Secretary of Homeland Security, the provision of such support to Federal, State, and local agencies in other law enforcement and emergency humanitarian efforts; the purchase and lease of up to 7,500 (6,500 for replacement only) policetype vehicles; the purchase, maintenance, or operation of marine vessels, aircraft, and unmanned aerial systems; and contracting with individuals for personal services abroad; $11,485,164,000; of which $3,274,000 shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund for administrative expenses related to the collection of the Harbor Maintenance Fee pursuant to section 9505(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 9505(c)(3)) and notwithstanding section 1511(e)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 551(e)(1)); of which $681,441,500 shall be available until September 30, 2019; and of which such sums as become available in the Customs User Fee Account, except sums subject to section 13031(f)(3) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(3)), shall be derived from that account: Provided, That not to exceed $34,425 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That not to exceed $15,000,000 may be transferred to the Bureau of Indian Affairs for the maintenance and repair of roads on Native American reservations, as required by the Border Patrol: Provided further, That not to exceed $150,000 shall be available for payment for rental space in connection with preclearance operations: Provided further, That not to exceed $1,000,000 shall be for awards of compensation to informants, to be accounted for solely under the certificate of the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of U.S. Customs and Border Protection for procurement, construction, and improvements, including procurements to buy marine vessels, aircraft, and unmanned aerial systems, $2,281,357,000, of which $846,343,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, and of which $1,435,014,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022. U.S. IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS  ENFORCEMENT  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for operations and support, including the purchase and lease of up to 3,790 (2,350 for replacement only) policetype vehicles; overseas vetted units; and maintenance, minor construction, and minor leasehold improvements at owned and leased facilities; $6,993,975,000; of which $6,000,000 shall remain available until expended for efforts to enforce laws against forced child labor; of which $33,700,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019; of which not less than $15,000,000 shall be available for investigation of intellectual property rights violations, including operation of the National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center; of which not less than $9,000,000 shall be available for facilities repair and maintenance projects; of which not less than $84,000,000 shall be available for vehicle fleet recapitalization; and of which not less than $4,110,337,000 shall be for enforcement, detention, and removal operations, including transportation of unaccompanied minor aliens: Provided, That not to exceed $11,475 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That not to exceed $10,000,000 shall be available until expended for conducting special operations under section 3131 of the Customs Enforcement Act of 1986 (19 U.S.C. 2081): Pro vided further, That not to exceed $2,000,000 shall be for awards of compensation to informants, to be accounted for solely under the certificate of the Secretary of Homeland Security: Provided further, That not to exceed $11,216,000 shall be available to fund or reimburse other Federal agencies for the costs associated with the care, maintenance, and repatriation of smuggled aliens unlawfully present in the United States: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be withheld from obligation until the Secretary of Homeland Security submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives the report required under section 212 of this Act. PROCUREMENT , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for procurement, construction, and improvements, $81,899,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020; of which not less than $29,000,000 shall be available for facilities repair and maintenance projects. TRANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Transportation Security Administration for operations and support, $7,207,851,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not to exceed $7,650 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Pro vided further, That security service fees authorized under section 44940 of title 49, United States Code, shall be credited to this appropriation as offsetting collections and shall be available only for aviation security: Provided further, That the sum appropriated under this heading from the general fund shall be reduced on a dollarfordollar basis as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2018 so as to result in a final fiscal year appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $4,737,851,000. 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of the Transportation Security Administration for procurement, construction, and improvements, $167,314,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses of the Transportation Security Administration for research and development, $20,190,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. COAST GUARD  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the operations and maintenance of the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for; purchase or lease of not to exceed 25 passenger motor vehicles, which shall be for replacement only; purchase or lease of small boats for contingent and emergent requirements (at a unit cost of not more than $700,000) and repairs and servicelife replacements, not to exceed a total of $31,000,000; purchase or lease of boats necessary for overseas deployments and activities; payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377 (42 U.S.C. 402 note; 96 Stat. 1920); and recreation and welfare; $7,373,313,000; of which $503,000,000 shall be for defenserelated activities, of which $163,000,000 is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress; and of which $24,500,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5)): Provided, That not to exceed $23,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That $25,000,000 shall be withheld from obligation for Coast Guard Headquarters Directorates until a futureyears capital investment plan for fiscal years 2019 through 2023 is submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives pursuant to section 220 of this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE AND  
RESTORATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the environmental compliance and restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 19 of title 14, United States Code, $13,397,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022. 
RESERVE TRAINING  For necessary expenses of the Coast Guard Reserve; operations and maintenance of the Coast Guard Reserve Program; personnel and training costs; and equipment and services; $114,875,000. 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of the Coast Guard for acquisition, construction, renovation, and improvement of aids to navigation, shore facilities (including facilities at Department of Defense installations used by the Coast Guard), vessels, and aircraft, including equipment related thereto, $2,694,745,000; of which $20,000,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5)); and of which $2,573,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2022, of which $95,000,000 shall be immediately available and allotted to contract for long lead time materials for the eleventh National Security Cutter notwithstanding the availability of funds for production or postproduction costs. 
EVALUATION  For necessary expenses of the Coast Guard for research, development, test, and evaluation; and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment; $29,141,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which $500,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5)): Provided, That there may be credited to and used for the purposes of this appropriation funds received from State and local governments, other public authorities, private sources, and foreign countries for expenses incurred for research, development, testing, and evaluation. 
RETIRED PAY  For retired pay, including the payment of obligations otherwise chargeable to lapsed appropriations for this purpose, payments under the Retired Serviceman’s Family Protection and Survivor Benefits Plans, payment for career status bonuses, payment of continuation pay under section 356 of title 37, United States Code, concurrent receipts, combatrelated special compensation, and payments for medical care of retired personnel and their dependents under chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, $1,676,117,000, to remain available until expended. UNITED STATES SECRET SERVICE  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the United States Secret Service for operations and support, including purchase of not to exceed 652 
vehicles for policetype use for replacement only; hire of passenger motor vehicles; purchase of motorcycles made in the United States; hire of aircraft; rental of buildings in the District of Columbia; fencing, lighting, guard booths, and other facilities on private or other property not in Government ownership or control, as may be necessary to perform protective functions; conduct of and participation in firearms matches; presentation of awards; conduct of behavioral research in support of protective intelligence and operations; payment in advance for commercial accommodations as may be necessary to perform protective functions; and payment, without regard to section 5702 of title 5, United States Code, of subsistence expenses of employees who are on protective missions, whether at or away from their duty stations; $1,915,794,000; of which $39,692,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019, of which $6,000,000 shall be for a grant for activities related to investigations of missing and exploited children; and of which $9,866,000 shall be for premium pay in excess of the annual equivalent of the limitation on the rate of pay contained in section 5547(a) of title 5, United States Code, pursuant to section 2 of the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016 (5 U.S.C. 5547 note), as amended by the Secret Service Recruitment and Retention Act of 2018: Pro vided, That not to exceed $19,125 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That not to exceed $100,000 shall be to provide technical assistance and equipment to foreign law enforcement organizations in counterfeit investigations. 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of the United States Secret Service for procurement, construction, and improvements, $90,480,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses of the United States Secret Service for research and development, $250,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  SEC. 201. (a) For fiscal year 2018, the overtime limitation prescribed in section 5(c)(1) of the Act of February 13, 1911 (19 U.S.C. 267(c)(1)) shall be $45,000; and notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to compensate any employee of U.S. Customs and Border Protection for overtime, from whatever source, in an amount that exceeds such limitation, except in individual cases determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the designee of the Secretary, to be necessary for national security purposes, to prevent excessive costs, or in cases of immigration emergencies. (b) None of the funds made available by this Act for the following accounts shall be available to compensate any employee for overtime in an annual amount in excess of $45,000: (1) ‘‘U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support’’, except that the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the designee of the Secretary, may waive such amount as necessary for national security purposes and in cases of immigration emergencies. (2) ‘‘United States Secret Service—Operations and Support’’, except that the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the designee of the Secretary, may waive such amount as necessary for national security purposes. SEC. 202. Funding made available under the heading ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Operations and Support’’ and ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Procurement, Construction, and Improvements’’ shall be available for customs expenses when necessary to maintain operations and prevent adverse personnel actions in Puerto Rico in addition to funding provided by 48 U.S.C. 740. SEC. 203. Hereafter, no U.S. Customs and Border Protection aircraft or other related equipment, with the exception of aircraft that are one of a kind and have been identified as excess to U.S. Customs and Border Protection requirements and aircraft that have been damaged beyond repair, shall be transferred to any other Federal agency, department, or office outside of the Department of Homeland Security without prior notice to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives. SEC. 204. As authorized by section 601(b) of the United StatesColombia Trade Promotion Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112–42), fees collected from passengers arriving from Canada, Mexico, or an adjacent island pursuant to section 13031(a)(5) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(a)(5)) shall be available until expended. SEC. 205. For an additional amount for ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Operations and Support’’, $31,000,000, to remain available until expended, to be reduced by amounts collected and credited to this appropriation in fiscal year 2018 from amounts authorized to be collected by section 286(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(i)), section 10412 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8311), and section 817 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–25), or other such authorizing language: Provided, That to the extent that amounts realized from such collections exceed $31,000,000, those amounts in excess of $31,000,000 shall be credited to this appropriation, to remain available until expended. SEC. 206. None of the funds made available in this Act for U.S. Customs and Border Protection may be used to prevent an individual not in the business of importing a prescription drug (within the meaning of section 801(g) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act) from importing a prescription drug from Canada that complies with the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act: Pro vided, That this section shall apply only to individuals transporting on their person a personaluse quantity of the prescription drug, not to exceed a 90day supply: Provided further, That the prescription drug may not be— (1) a controlled substance, as defined in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802); or (2) a biological product, as defined in section 351 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262). SEC. 207. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds provided in this or any other Act shall be used to approve a waiver of the navigation and vessel inspection laws pursuant to section 501(b) of title 46, United States Code, for the transportation of crude oil distributed from and to the Strategic Petroleum Reserve until the Secretary of Homeland Security, after consultation with the Secretaries of the Departments of Energy and Transportation and representatives from the United States flag maritime industry, takes adequate measures to ensure the use of United States flag vessels: Provided, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives within 2 business days of any request for waivers of navigation and vesselinspection laws pursuant to section 501(b) of title 46, United States Code, with respect to such transportation, and the disposition of such requests. SEC. 208. (a) Beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall not— (1) establish, collect, or otherwise impose any new border crossing fee on individuals crossing the Southern border or the Northern border at a land port of entry; or (2) conduct any study relating to the imposition of a border crossing fee. (b) In this section, the term ‘‘border crossing fee’’ means a fee that every pedestrian, cyclist, and driver and passenger of a private motor vehicle is required to pay for the privilege of crossing the Southern border or the Northern border at a land port of entry. SEC. 209. Without regard to the limitation as to time and condition of section 503(d) of this Act, the Secretary may reprogram within and transfer funds to ‘‘U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support’’ as necessary to ensure the detention of aliens prioritized for removal. SEC. 210. None of the funds provided under the heading ‘‘U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support’’ may be used to continue a delegation of law enforcement authority authorized under section 287(g) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(g)) if the Department of Homeland Security Inspector General determines that the terms of the agreement governing the delegation of authority have been materially violated. SEC. 211. None of the funds provided under the heading ‘‘U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support’’ may be used to continue any contract for the provision of detention services if the two most recent overall performance evaluations received by the contracted facility are less than ‘‘adequate’’ or the equivalent median score in any subsequent performance evaluation system. SEC. 212. The Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives that (a) identifies any instance during fiscal year 2017 or 2018 in which payments have been made by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, or employees of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement have erroneously entered into financial obligations, for activities in violation of subpart D of part 550 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations; (b) includes specific actions the Office of the Chief Financial Officer and the Office of the Principal Legal Advisor will take to improve agencywide understanding of such subpart D; and (c) includes a certification by the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement that the Office of the Chief Financial Officer and the Office of the Principal Legal Advisor have developed a plan and implemented training necessary for strengthening internal controls necessary to avoid violations of such subpart D. SEC. 213. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for employees of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and their dependents eligible for Payments During Evacuation in accordance with title 5, Code of Federal Regulations, part 550, from August 23, 2017, through December 1, 2017, as a result of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, the requirement of section 550.405(b)(2) of such title to reduce subsistence expenses to 60 percent of the applicable rate shall not apply. (b) The Secretary of Homeland Security may authorize reimbursement for lodging, meals, and incidental expenses for such employees and their dependents using the actual expense method set forth in subpart D 
of part 301–11 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations, subject to the cap of 300 percent of the applicable maximum per diem rate, as provided in such section. SEC. 214. Members of the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate, including the leadership; the heads of Federal agencies and commissions, including the Secretary, Deputy Secretary, Under Secretaries, and Assistant Secretaries of the Department of Homeland Security; the United States Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General, Assistant Attorneys General, and the United States Attorneys; and senior members of the Executive Office of the President, including the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall not be exempt from Federal passenger and baggage screening. SEC. 215. Any award by the Transportation Security Administration to deploy explosives detection systems shall be based on risk, the airport’s current reliance on other screening solutions, lobby congestion resulting in increased security concerns, high injury rates, airport readiness, and increased cost effectiveness. SEC. 216. Notwithstanding section 44923 of title 49, United States Code, for fiscal year 2018, any funds in the Aviation Security Capital Fund established by section 44923(h) of title 49, United States Code, may be used for the procurement and installation of explosives detection systems or for the issuance of other transaction agreements for the purpose of funding projects described in section 44923(a) of such title. SEC. 217. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration to implement, administer, or enforce, in abrogation of the responsibility described in section 44903(n)(1) of title 49, United States Code, any requirement that airport operators provide airportfinanced staffing to monitor exit points from the sterile area of any airport at which the Transportation Security Administration provided such monitoring as of December 1, 2013. SEC. 218. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Operating Expenses’’ shall be for expenses incurred for recreational vessels under section 12114 of title 46, United States Code, except to the extent fees are collected from owners of yachts and credited to the appropriation made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Operating Expenses’’: Provided, That to the extent such fees are insufficient to pay expenses of recreational vessel documentation under such section 12114, and there is a backlog of recreational vessel applications, personnel performing nonrecreational vessel documentation functions under subchapter II of chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, may perform documentation under section 12114. SEC. 219. Without regard to the limitation as to time and condition of section 503(d) of this Act, after June 30, up to $10,000,000 may be reprogrammed to or from the Military Pay and Allowances funding category within ‘‘Coast Guard—Operating Expenses’’ in accordance with subsection (a) of section 503 of this Act. SEC. 220. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a futureyears capital investment plan as described in the second proviso under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Acquisition, Construction, and Improvements’’ in the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 114–4), which shall be subject to the requirements in the third and fourth provisos under such heading. SEC. 221. None of the funds in this Act shall be used to reduce the Coast Guard’s Operations Systems Center mission or its governmentemployed or contract staff levels. SEC. 222. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to conduct, or to implement the results of, a competition under Office of Management and Budget Circular A– 76 for activities performed with respect to the Coast Guard National Vessel Documentation Center. SEC. 223. Funds made available in this Act may be used to alter operations within the Civil Engineering Program of the Coast Guard nationwide, including civil engineering units, facilities design and construction centers, maintenance and logistics commands, and the Coast Guard Academy, except that none of the funds provided in this Act may be used to reduce operations within any civil engineering unit unless specifically authorized by a statute enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 224. Funds made available for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard— Operating Expenses’’ may be allocated by program, project, and activity, notwithstanding section 503 of this Act. SEC. 225. Section 423 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after subsection (c) the following: ‘‘(d) In addition to amounts computed pursuant to subsections (a) through (c) of this section, a full TSP member (as defined in section 8440e(a) of title 5) of the Coast Guard is entitled to continuation pay pursuant to section 356 of title 37.’’. SEC. 226. The United States Secret Service is authorized to obligate funds in anticipation of reimbursements from Federal agencies and entities, as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code, for personnel receiving training sponsored by the James J. Rowley Training Center, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budgetary resources available under the heading ‘‘United States Secret Service—Operations and Support’’ at the end of the fiscal year. SEC. 227. None of the funds made available to the United States Secret Service by this Act or by previous appropriations Acts may be made available for the protection of the head of a Federal agency other than the Secretary of Homeland Security: Provided, That the Director of the United States Secret Service may enter into agreements to provide such protection on a fully reimbursable basis. SEC. 228. For purposes of section 503(a)(3) of this Act, up to $15,000,000 may be reprogrammed within ‘‘United States Secret Service—Operations and Support’’. SEC. 229. Funding made available in this Act for ‘‘United States Secret Service—Operations and Support’’ is available for travel of United States Secret Service employees on protective missions without regard to the limitations on such expenditures in this or any other Act if the Director of the United States Secret Service or a designee notifies the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives 10 or more days in advance, or as early as practicable, prior to such expenditures. SEC. 230. (a) Of the amount made available in this Act under ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Procurement, Construction, and Improvements’’, $1,571,000,000 shall be available only as follows: (1) $251,000,000 for approximately 14 miles of secondary fencing, all of which provides for crossbarrier visual situational awareness, along the southwest border in the San Diego Sector; (2) $445,000,000 for 25 miles of primary pedestrian levee fencing along the southwest border in the Rio Grande Valley Sector; (3) $196,000,000 for primary pedestrian fencing along the southwest border in the Rio Grande Valley Sector; (4) $445,000,000 for replacement of existing primary pedestrian fencing along the southwest border; (5) $38,000,000 for border barrier planning and design; and (6) $196,000,000 for acquisition and deployment of border security technology. (b) The amounts designated in subsection (a)(2) through (a)(4) shall only be available for operationally effective designs deployed as of the date of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017, (Public Law 115–31), such as currently deployed steel bollard designs, that prioritize agent safety. (c) None of the funds provided in this or any other Act shall be obligated for construction of a border barrier in the Santa Ana National Wildlife Refuge. SEC. 231. (a) Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a riskbased plan for improving security along the borders of the United States, including the use of personnel, fencing, other forms of tactical infrastructure, and technology, to include— (1) A statement of goals, objectives, activities, and milestones for the plan. (2) A detailed implementation schedule for the plan with estimates for the planned obligation of funds for fiscal years 2019 through 2027 that are linked to the milestonebased delivery of specific— (A) capabilities and services; (B) mission benefits and outcomes; (C) program management capabilities; and (D) lifecycle cost estimates. (3) A description of the manner in which specific projects under the plan will enhance border security goals and objectives and address the highest priority border security needs. (4) An identification of the planned locations, quantities, and types of resources, such as fencing, other physical barriers, or other tactical infrastructure and technology, under the plan. (5) A description of the methodology and analyses used to select specific resources for deployment to particular locations under the plan that includes— (A) analyses of alternatives, including comparative costs and benefits; (B) an assessment of effects on communities and property owners near areas of infrastructure deployment; and (C) a description of other factors critical to the decisionmaking process. (6) An identification of staffing requirements under the plan, including fulltime equivalents, contractors, and detailed personnel, by activity. (7) A description of performance metrics for the plan for assessing and reporting on the contributions of border security capabilities realized from current and future investments. (8) A description of the status of the actions of the Department of Homeland Security to address open recommendations by the Office of Inspector General and the Government Accountability Office relating to border security, including plans, schedules, and associated milestones for fully addressing such recommendations. (9) A plan to consult State and local elected officials on the eminent domain and construction process relating to physical barriers; (10) An analysis, following consultation with the Secretary of the Interior and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, of the environmental impacts, including on wildlife, of the construction and 
placement of physical barriers planned along the Southwest border, including in the Santa Ana National Wildlife Refuge; and (11) Certifications by the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Management, that— (A) the plan has been reviewed and approved in accordance with an acquisition review management process that complies with capital planning and investment control and review requirements established by the Office of Management and Budget, including as provided in Circular A–11, part 7; and (B) all activities under the plan comply with Federal acquisition rules, requirements, guidelines, and practices. (b) The Secretary shall concurrently submit the plan required in subsection (a) to the Comptroller General of the United States, who shall evaluate the plan and report to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the strengths and weaknesses of such plan not later than 120 days after receiving such plan. TITLE III PROTECTION, PREPAREDNESS, RESPONSE, AND RECOVERY NATIONAL PROTECTION AND PROGRAMS  DIRECTORATE  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the National Protection and Programs Directorate for operations and support, $1,482,165,000, of which $8,912,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not to exceed $3,825 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. 
FEDERAL PROTECTIVE SERVICE  The revenues and collections of security fees credited to this account shall be available until expended for necessary expenses related to the protection of federally owned and leased buildings and for the operations of the Federal Protective Service. 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of the National Protection and Programs Directorate for procurement, construction, and improvements, $414,111,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses of the National Protection and Programs Directorate for research and development, $15,126,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. OFFICE OF HEALTH AFFAIRS  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Office of Health Affairs for operations and support, $121,569,000, of which $14,020,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019. FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Federal Emergency Management Agency for operations and support, $1,030,135,000: Provided, That not to exceed $2,250 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of the Federal Emergency Management Agency for procurement, construction, and improvements, $85,276,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
FEDERAL ASSISTANCE  For activities of the Federal Emergency Management Agency for Federal assistance through grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other activities, $3,293,932,000, which shall be allocated as follows: (1) $507,000,000 for the State Homeland Security Grant Program under section 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 605), of which $85,000,000 shall be for Operation Stonegarden, and $10,000,000 shall be for organizations (as described under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under such 501(a) of such code) determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security to be at high risk of a terrorist attack: Provided, That notwithstanding subsection (c)(4) of such section 2004, for fiscal year 2018, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico shall make available to local and tribal governments amounts provided to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico under this paragraph in accordance with subsection (c)(1) of such section 2004. (2) $630,000,000 for the Urban Area Security Initiative under section 2003 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604), of which $50,000,000 shall be for organizations (as described under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such code) determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security to be at high risk of a terrorist attack. (3) $100,000,000 for Public Transportation Security Assistance, Railroad Security Assistance, and OvertheRoad Bus Security Assistance under sections 1406, 1513, and 1532 of the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1135, 1163, and 1182), of which $10,000,000 shall be for Amtrak security and $2,000,000 shall be for OvertheRoad Bus Security: Provided, That such public transportation security assistance shall be provided directly to public transportation agencies. (4) $100,000,000 for Port Security Grants in accordance with section 70107 of title 46, United States Code. (5) $700,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which $350,000,000 shall be for Assistance to Firefighter Grants and $350,000,000 shall be for Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response Grants under sections 33 and 34 respectively of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229 and 2229a). (6) $350,000,000 for emergency management performance grants under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001), the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121), the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7701), section 762 of title 6, United States Code, and Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (7) $249,200,000 for the National Predisaster Mitigation Fund under section 203 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5133), to remain available until expended. (8) $262,531,000 for necessary expenses for Flood Hazard Mapping and Risk Analysis, in addition to and to supplement any other sums appropriated under the National Flood Insurance Fund, and such additional sums as may be provided by States or other political subdivisions for costshared mapping activities under section 1360(f)(2) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4101(f)(2)), to remain available until expended. (9) $120,000,000 for the emergency food and shelter program under title III of the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11331), to remain available until expended: Provided, That not to exceed 3.5 percent shall be for total administrative costs. (10) $275,201,000 to sustain current operations for training, exercises, technical assistance, and other programs. DISASTER RELIEF FUND  For necessary expenses in carrying out the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), $7,900,720,000, to remain available until expended, of which $7,366,000,000 shall be for major disasters declared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) and is designated by the Congress as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE FUND  For activities under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the BiggertWaters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–141, 126 Stat. 916), and the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–89; 128 Stat. 1020), $203,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, which shall be derived from offsetting amounts collected under section 1308(d) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(d)); of which $13,573,000 shall be available for mission support associated with flood management; and of which $189,927,000 shall be available for flood plain management and flood mapping: Provided, That any additional fees collected pursuant to section 1308(d) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(d)) shall be credited as offsetting collections to this account, to be available for flood plain management and flood mapping: Provided further, That in fiscal year 2018, no funds shall be available from the National Flood Insurance Fund under section 1310 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4017) in excess of— (1) $165,224,000 for operating expenses and salaries and expenses associated with flood insurance operations; (2) $1,123,000,000 for commissions and taxes of agents; (3) such sums as are necessary for interest on Treasury borrowings; and (4) $175,000,000, which shall remain available until expended, for flood mitigation actions and for flood mitigation assistance under section 1366 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4104c), notwithstanding sections 1366(e) and 1310(a)(7) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4104c(e), 4017): Provided further, That the amounts collected under section 102 of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a) and section 1366(e) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 shall be deposited in the National Flood Insurance Fund to supplement other amounts specified as available for section 1366 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, notwithstanding section 102(f)(8), section 1366(e), and paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 1367(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4012a(f)(8), 4104c(e), 4104d(b)(1)–(3)): Provided further, That total administrative costs shall not exceed 4 percent of the total appropriation: Provided further, That up to $5,000,000 is available to carry out section 24 of the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 (42 U.S.C. 4033). ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  SEC. 301. Notwithstanding section 2008(a)(12) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 609(a)(12)) or any other provision of law, not more than 5 percent of the amount of a grant made available in paragraphs (1) through (4) under ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency—Federal Assistance’’, may be used by the grantee for expenses directly related to administration of the grant. SEC. 302. Applications for grants under the heading ‘‘Federal Emergency Management 
Agency—Federal Assistance’’, for paragraphs (1) through (4), shall be made available to eligible applicants not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, eligible applicants shall submit applications not later than 80 days after the grant announcement, and the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall act within 65 days after the receipt of an application. SEC. 303. Under the heading ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency—Federal Assistance’’, for grants under paragraphs (1) through (4), the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall brief the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives 5 full business days in advance of announcing publicly the intention of making an award. SEC. 304. Under the heading ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency—Federal Assistance’’, for grants under paragraphs (1) and (2), the installation of communications towers is not considered construction of a building or other physical facility. SEC. 305. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, grants awarded to States along the Southwest Border of the United States under sections 2003 or 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604 and 605) using funds provided under the heading ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency— Federal Assistance’’ for grants under paragraph (1) in this Act, or under the heading ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency— State and Local Programs’’ in Public Law 114–4, division F of Public Law 113–76, or division D of Public Law 113–6 may be used by recipients or subrecipients for costs, or reimbursement of costs, related to providing humanitarian relief to unaccompanied alien children and alien adults accompanied by an alien minor where they are encountered after entering the United States, provided that such costs were incurred between January 1, 2014, and December 31, 2014, or during the award period of performance. SEC. 306. The reporting requirements in paragraphs (1) and (2) under the heading ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency— Disaster Relief Fund’’ in the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 114–4) shall be applied in fiscal year 2018 with respect to budget year 2019 and current fiscal year 2018, respectively— (1) in paragraph (1) by substituting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’ for ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’; and (2) in paragraph (2) by inserting ‘‘business’’ after ‘‘fifth’’. SEC. 307. In making grants under the heading ‘‘Firefighter Assistance Grants’’, the Secretary may grant waivers from the requirements in subsections (a)(1)(A), (a)(1)(B), (a)(1)(E), (c)(1), (c)(2), and (c)(4) of section 34 of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229a). SEC. 308. The aggregate charges assessed during fiscal year 2018, as authorized in title III of the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1999 (42 U.S.C. 5196e), shall not be less than 100 percent of the amounts anticipated by the Department of Homeland Security to be necessary for its Radiological Emergency Preparedness Program for the next fiscal year: Provided, That the methodology for assessment and collection of fees shall be fair and equitable and shall reflect costs of providing such services, including administrative costs of collecting such fees: Provided further, That such fees shall be deposited in a Radiological Emergency Preparedness Program account as offsetting collections and will become available for authorized purposes on October 1, 2018, and remain available until expended. TITLE IV RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TRAINING, AND SERVICES U.S. CITIZENSHIP AND IMMIGRATION SERVICES  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services for operations and support of the EVerify Program, $108,856,000. 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services for procurement, construction, and improvements of the E Verify Program, $22,657,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. FEDERAL LAWENFORCEMENT TRAINING  CENTERS  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers for operations and support, including the purchase of not to exceed 117 vehicles for policetype use and hire of passenger motor vehicles, and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $254,000,000, of which $62,701,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not to exceed $7,180 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY DIRECTORATE  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Science and Technology Directorate for operations and support, including the purchase or lease of not to exceed 5 vehicles, $331,113,000, of which $196,361,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not to exceed $7,650 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses of the Science and Technology Directorate for research and development, $509,830,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. DOMESTIC NUCLEAR DETECTION OFFICE  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office for operations and support, $54,664,000: Provided, That not to exceed $2,250 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. 
IMPROVEMENTS  For necessary expenses of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office for procurement, construction, and improvements, $89,096,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For necessary expenses of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office for research and development, $145,661,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
FEDERAL ASSISTANCE  For necessary expenses of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office for Federal assistance through grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, and other activities, $46,019,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  SEC. 401. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds otherwise made available to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services may be used to acquire, operate, equip, and dispose of up to 5 vehicles, for replacement only, for areas where the Administrator of General Services does not provide vehicles for lease: Provided, That the Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services may authorize employees who are assigned to those areas to use such vehicles to travel between the employees’ residences and places of employment. SEC. 402. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services to grant an immigration benefit unless the results of background checks required by law to be completed prior to the granting of the benefit have been received by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, and the results do not preclude the granting of the benefit. SEC. 403. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to process or approve a competition under Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 for services provided by employees (including employees serving on a temporary or term basis) of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services of the Department of Homeland Security who are known as Immigration Information Officers, Immigration Service Analysts, Contact Representatives, Investigative Assistants, or Immigration Services Officers. SEC. 404. (a) Notwithstanding section 1356(n) of title 8, United States Code, of the funds deposited into the Immigration Examinations Fee Account, up to $10,000,000 may be allocated by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services in fiscal year 2018 for the purpose of providing an Immigrant Integration grants program. (b) None of the funds made available to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services for grants for immigrant integration under subsection (a) may be used to provide services to aliens who have not been lawfully admitted for permanent residence. SEC. 405. The Director of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers is authorized to distribute funds to Federal law enforcement agencies for expenses incurred participating in training accreditation. SEC. 406. The Federal Law Enforcement Training Accreditation Board, including representatives from the Federal law enforcement community and nonFederal accreditation experts involved in law enforcement training, shall lead the Federal law enforcement training accreditation process to continue the implementation of measuring and assessing the quality and effectiveness of Federal law enforcement training programs, facilities, and instructors. SEC. 407. (a) There is to be established a ‘‘Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers—Procurement, Construction, and Improvements’’ appropriations account for planning, operational development, engineering, and purchases prior to sustainment and for information technologyrelated procurement, construction, and improvements, including nontangible assets of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers. (b) The Director of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers may accept transfers to the account established by subsection (a) from Government agencies requesting the construction of special use facilities, as authorized by the Economy Act (31 U.S.C. 1535(b)): Provided, That the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers maintain administrative control and ownership upon completion of such facilities. SEC. 408. The functions of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers instructor staff shall be classified as inherently governmental for the purpose of the Federal Activities Inventory Reform Act of 1998 (31 U.S.C. 501 note). TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS 
FUNDS)  SEC. 501. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. 
SEC. 502. Subject to the requirements of section 503 of this Act, the unexpended balances of prior appropriations provided for activities in this Act may be transferred to appropriation accounts for such activities established pursuant to this Act, may be merged with funds in the applicable established accounts, and thereafter may be accounted for as one fund for the same time period as originally enacted. SEC. 503. (a) None of the funds provided by this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts to the components in or transferred to the Department of Homeland Security that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2018, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the components funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates or eliminates a program, project, or activity, or increases funds for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by the Congress; (2) contracts out any function or activity presently performed by Federal employees or any new function or activity proposed to be performed by Federal employees in the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Homeland Security; (3) augments funding for existing programs, projects, or activities in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; (4) reduces funding for any program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel, by 10 percent or more; or (5) results from any general savings from a reduction in personnel that would result in a change in funding levels for programs, projects, or activities as approved by the Congress. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified at least 15 days in advance of such reprogramming. (c) Up to 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of Homeland Security by this Act or provided by previous appropriations Acts may be transferred between such appropriations if the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified at least 30 days in advance of such transfer, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by such transfer. (d) Notwithstanding subsections (a), (b), and (c), no funds shall be reprogrammed within or transferred between appropriations based upon an initial notification provided after June 30, except in extraordinary circumstances that imminently threaten the safety of human life or the protection of property. (e) The notification thresholds and procedures set forth in subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) shall apply to any use of deobligated balances of funds provided in previous Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Acts. (f) Notwithstanding subsection (c), the Secretary of Homeland Security may transfer to the fund established by 8 U.S.C. 1101 note, up to $20,000,000 from appropriations available to the Department of Homeland Security: Provided, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives at least 5 days in advance of such transfer. SEC. 504. Section 504 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2017 (division F of Public Law 115–31), related to the operations of a working capital fund, shall apply with respect to funds made available in this Act in the same manner as such section applied to funds made available in that Act. SEC. 505. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2018, as recorded in the financial records at the time of a reprogramming notification, but not later than June 30, 2019, from appropriations for ‘‘Operations and Support’’ and for ‘‘Coast Guard—Operating Expenses’’, and salaries and expenses for ‘‘Coast Guard—Acquisition, Construction, and Improvements’’ and ‘‘Coast Guard—Reserve Training’’ for fiscal year 2018 in this Act shall remain available through September 30, 2019, in the account and for the purposes for which the appropriations were provided: Provided, That prior to the obligation of such funds, a notification shall be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives in accordance with section 503 of this Act. SEC. 506. Funds made available by this Act for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 414) during fiscal year 2018 until the enactment of an Act authorizing intelligence activities for fiscal year 2018. SEC. 507. (a) The Secretary of Homeland Security, or the designee of the Secretary, shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives at least 3 full business days in advance of— (1) making or awarding a grant allocation, grant, contract, other transaction agreement, or task or delivery order on a Department of Homeland Security multiple award contract, or to issue a letter of intent totaling in excess of $1,000,000; (2) awarding a task or delivery order requiring an obligation of funds in an amount greater than $10,000,000 from multiyear Department of Homeland Security funds; (3) making a solesource grant award; or (4) announcing publicly the intention to make or award items under paragraph (1), (2), or (3), including a contract covered by the Federal Acquisition Regulation. (b) If the Secretary of Homeland Security determines that compliance with this section would pose a substantial risk to human life, health, or safety, an award may be made without notification, and the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than 5 full business days after such an award is made or letter issued. (c) A notification under this section— (1) may not involve funds that are not available for obligation; and (2) shall include the amount of the award; the fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appropriated; the type of contract; and the account from which the funds are being drawn. SEC. 508. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no agency shall purchase, construct, or lease any additional facilities, except within or contiguous to existing locations, to be used for the purpose of conducting Federal law enforcement training without advance notification to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, except that the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers is authorized to obtain the temporary use of additional facilities by lease, contract, or other agreement for training that cannot be accommodated in existing Centers facilities. SEC. 509. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used for expenses for any construction, repair, alteration, or acquisition project for which a prospectus otherwise required under chapter 33 of title 40, United States Code, has not been approved, except that necessary funds may be expended for each project for required expenses for the development of a proposed prospectus. SEC. 510. Sections 520, 522, and 530 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2008 (division E of Public Law 110–161; 121 Stat. 2073 and 2074) shall apply with respect to funds made available in this Act in the same manner as such sections applied to funds made available in that Act. SEC. 511. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of the applicable provisions of the Buy American Act: Provided, That for purposes of the preceding sentence, the term ‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. SEC. 512. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to amend the oath of allegiance required by section 337 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1448). SEC. 513. Section 519 of division F of Public Law 114–113, regarding a prohibition on funding for any position designated as a Principal Federal Official, shall apply with respect to funds made available in this Act in the same manner as such section applied to funds made available in that Act. SEC. 514. None of the funds provided or otherwise made available in this Act shall be available to carry out section 872 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 452) unless explicitly authorized by the Congress. SEC. 515. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for planning, testing, piloting, or developing a national identification card. SEC. 516. Any official that is required by this Act to report or to certify to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives may not delegate such authority to perform that act unless specifically authorized herein. SEC. 517. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. SEC. 518. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for firstclass travel by the employees of agencies funded by this Act in contravention of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. SEC. 519. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to employ workers described in section 274A(h)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(h)(3)). SEC. 520. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to pay award or incentive fees for contractor performance that has been judged to be below satisfactory performance or performance that does not meet the basic requirements of a contract. SEC. 521. Hereafter, in developing any process to screen aviation passengers and crews for transportation or national security purposes, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ensure that all such processes take into consideration such passengers’ and crews’ 
privacy and civil liberties consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and guidance. SEC. 522. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Homeland Security to enter into any Federal contract unless such contract is entered into in accordance with the requirements of subtitle I of title 41, United States Code, or chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation, unless such contract is otherwise authorized by statute to be entered into without regard to the above referenced statutes. SEC. 523. (a) For an additional amount for financial systems modernization, $41,800,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. (b) Funds made available in subsection (a) for financial systems modernization may be transferred by the Secretary of Homeland Security between appropriations for the same purpose, notwithstanding section 503 of this Act. (c) No transfer described in subsection (b) shall occur until 15 days after the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified of such transfer. SEC. 524. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. SEC. 525. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by a Federal law enforcement officer to facilitate the transfer of an operable firearm to an individual if the Federal law enforcement officer knows or suspects that the individual is an agent of a drug cartel unless law enforcement personnel of the United States continuously monitor or control the firearm at all times. SEC. 526. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to pay for the travel to or attendance of more than 50 employees of a single component of the Department of Homeland Security, who are stationed in the United States, at a single international conference unless the Secretary of Homeland Security, or a designee, determines that such attendance is in the national interest and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives within at least 10 days of that determination and the basis for that determination: Provided, That for purposes of this section the term ‘‘international conference’’ shall mean a conference occurring outside of the United States attended by representatives of the United States Government and of foreign governments, international organizations, or nongovernmental organizations: Provided further, That the total cost to the Department of Homeland Security of any such conference shall not exceed $500,000. SEC. 527. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to reimburse any Federal department or agency for its participation in a National Special Security Event. SEC. 528. None of the funds made available to the Department of Homeland Security by this or any other Act may be obligated for any structural pay reform that affects more than 100 fulltime positions or costs more than $5,000,000 in a single year before the end of the 30day period beginning on the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security submits to Congress a notification that includes— (1) the number of fulltime positions affected by such change; (2) funding required for such change for the current year and through the Future Years Homeland Security Program; (3) justification for such change; and (4) an analysis of compensation alternatives to such change that were considered by the Department. SEC. 529. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public website of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives in this Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report compromises homeland or national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such report shall do so only after such report has been made available to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives for not less than 45 days except as otherwise specified in law. SEC. 530. (a) Funding provided in this Act for ‘‘Operations and Support’’ and funding provided in this Act for ‘‘Coast Guard—Operating Expenses’’ may be used for minor procurement, construction, and improvements. (b) For purposes of subsection (a), ‘‘minor’’ refers to end items with a unit cost of $250,000 or less for personal property, and $2,000,000 or less for real property. SEC. 531. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. SEC. 532. For fiscal year 2018, the Secretary of Homeland Security may provide, out of discretionary funds available to the Department of Homeland Security, for the primary and secondary schooling of dependents of Department of Homeland Security personnel who are stationed outside the continental United States and for the transportation of such dependents in the same manner and to the same extent that, pursuant to section 544 of title 14, United States Code, the Secretary may provide, out of funds appropriated to or for the use of the Coast Guard, for the primary and secondary schooling of, and the transportation of, dependents of Coast Guard personnel stationed outside the continental United States: Provided, That no amounts may be provided from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That no amounts may be provided from amounts that were designated by the Congress as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. SEC. 533. Within 60 days of any budget submission for the Department of Homeland Security for fiscal year 2019 that assumes revenues or proposes a reduction from the previous year based on user fees proposals that have not been enacted into law prior to the submission of the budget, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives specific reductions in proposed discretionary budget authority commensurate with the revenues assumed in such proposals in the event that they are not enacted prior to October 1, 2018. SEC. 534. (a) For an additional amount for ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency— Federal Assistance’’, $41,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, exclusively for providing reimbursement of extraordinary law enforcement personnel costs for protection activities directly and demonstrably associated with any residence of the President that is designated or identified to be secured by the United States Secret Service. (b) Funds under subsection (a) shall be available only for costs that a State or local agency— (1) incurs on or after October 1, 2017, and before October 1, 2018; (2) can demonstrate to the Administrator as being— (A) in excess of the costs of normal and typical law enforcement operations; (B) directly attributable to the provision of protection described herein; and (C) associated with a nongovernmental property designated or identified to be secured by the United States Secret Service pursuant to section 3 or section 4 of the Presidential Protection Assistance Act of 1976 (Public Law 94–524); and (3) certifies to the Administrator as being for protection activities requested by the Director of the United States Secret Service. (c) For purposes of subsection (a), a designation or identification of a property to be secured under subsection (b)(2)(C) made after incurring otherwise eligible costs shall apply retroactively to October 1, 2017. (d) The Administrator may establish written criteria consistent with subsections (a) and (b). (e) None of the funds provided shall be for hiring new or additional personnel. (f) The Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security shall audit reimbursements made under this section. SEC. 535. (a) The Secretary of Homeland Security may include in the President’s budget proposal for Coast Guard for fiscal year 2019, submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, and accompanying justification materials, an account structure established by section 563 of Division F of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113). (b) Not earlier than October 1, 2018, the accounts designated under subsection (a) may be established, and the Secretary of Homeland Security may execute appropriations of the Department as provided pursuant to such subsection, including any continuing appropriations made available for fiscal year 2019 before enactment of a regular appropriations Act. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Homeland Security may transfer any appropriation made available to the Department of Homeland Security by any appropriations Acts to the accounts created pursuant to subsection (b) to carry out the requirements of such subsection, and shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives within 5 days of each transfer. (d)(1) Not later than November 1, 2018, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall establish the preliminary baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities and submit the report specified in paragraph (2) to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives. (2) The report required in this subsection shall include— (A) a delineation of the amount and account of each transfer made pursuant to subsection (b) or (c); (B) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget proposal, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, adjustments made pursuant to the transfer authority in subsection (b) or (c), and the fiscal year level; 
(C) a delineation in the table for each appropriation, adjusted as described in paragraph (2), both by budget activity and program, project, and activity as detailed in the Budget Appendix; and (D) an identification of funds directed for a specific activity. (e) The Secretary shall not exercise the authority provided in subsections (b), (c), and (d) unless, not later than June 1, 2018, the Chief Financial Officer has submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives— (1) technical assistance on new legislative language in the account structure under subsection (a); and (2) comparison tables of fiscal years 2017, 2018, and 2019 in the account structure under subsection (a). SEC. 536. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this or previous appropriations Acts or otherwise made available to the Department of Homeland Security may be used to establish accounts in the Treasury of the United States for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office or the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency until Congress has enacted a law that specifically authorizes such Office or Agency and such authorization identifies the functions that are authorized to be transferred to such Office or Agency. (b) Subject to the limitation in subsection (a), if Congress enacts a law on or after the date of enactment of this Act that specifically authorizes the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office or the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency and such authorization identifies the functions that are authorized to be transferred to such Office or Agency, the Secretary of Homeland Security may— (1) not earlier than October 1, 2018, establish accounts in the Treasury of the United States necessary to carry out the functions of the Office or Agency as authorized; (2) execute appropriations of the Department of Homeland Security as provided in subparagraph (1), including any continuing appropriations made available for fiscal year 2019, before enactment of a regular appropriations Act; and (3) transfer any funds made available to the Department of Homeland Security by any appropriations Acts to the accounts created in subparagraph (1) for functions that are authorized to be transferred to such Office or Agency and to be used for the purpose of executing authorization of such Office or Agency. (c) The authority provided in subsection (b)(3) shall only be available if the Secretary has notified the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives at least 15 days in advance of each such transfer. SEC. 537. Section 404 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111– 281; 124 Stat. 2950), as amended, shall be applied in subsection (b) by substituting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. SEC. 538. (a) Section 831 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391) shall be applied— (1) In subsection (a), by substituting ‘‘September 30, 2018,’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2017,’’; and (2) In subsection (c)(1), by substituting ‘‘September 30, 2018,’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. (b) The Secretary of Homeland Security, under the authority of section 831 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391(a)), may carry out prototype projects under section 2371b of title 10, United States Code, and the Secretary shall perform the functions of the Secretary of Defense as prescribed. (c) The Secretary of Homeland Security under section 831 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391(d)) may use the definition of nontraditional government contractor as defined in section 2371b(e) of title 10, United States Code. (RESCISSIONS)  SEC. 539. Of the funds appropriated to the Department of Homeland Security, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (Public Law 99–177): (1) $44,557,000 from Public Law 115–31 under the heading ‘‘Transportation Security Administration—Operations and Support’’; (2) $1,785,697 from Public Law 108–334 under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Alteration of Bridges’’; (3) $1,920,100 from Public Law 109–90 under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Alteration of Bridges’’; (4) $1,791,454 from Public Law 109–295 under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Alteration of Bridges’’; (5) $3,221,594 from Public Law 110–161 under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Alteration of Bridges’’; (6) $3,680,885 from Public Law 111–83 under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Alteration of Bridges’’; (7) $25,000,000 from Public Law 114–113 under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard—Acquisition, Construction, and Improvements’’; (8) $2,000,000 from Public Law 114–113 under the heading ‘‘Science and Technology—Research, Development, Acquisition, and Operations’’; (9) $2,000,000 from Public Law 115–31 under the heading ‘‘Science and Technology Directorate—Operations and Support’’ account 70 17/18 0800; (10) $6,000,000 from Public Law 115–31 under the heading ‘‘Science and Technology Directorate—Research and Development’’; and (11) $4,307,000 from Public Law 115–31 under the heading ‘‘Intelligence, Analysis, and Operations Coordination—Operations and Support’’. 
(RESCISSIONS)  SEC. 540. Of the funds transferred to the Department of Homeland Security when it was created in 2003, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: (1) $66,024 from ‘‘Coast Guard—Acquisition, Construction, and Improvements’’ account 70x0613; (2) $2,400 from ‘‘Transportation Security Administration—Salaries and Expenses’’ account 70x0508; and (3) $31,948 from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection’’ account 70x0503. 
(RESCISSIONS)  SEC. 541. The following unobligated balances made available to the Department of Homeland Security pursuant to section 505 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) are rescinded: (1) $2,941,804 from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Operations and Support’’; (2) $24,337,865 from ‘‘Coast Guard—Operating Expenses’’; (3) $260,584 from ‘‘Coast Guard—Reserve Training’’; (4) $308,974 from ‘‘Coast Guard—Acquisition, Construction, and Improvements’’; (5) $106,894 from ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency—Operations and Support’’; and (6) $23,938 from ‘‘Office of Health Affairs— Operations and Support’’. (RESCISSION)  SEC. 542. From the unobligated balances available in the Department of the Treasury Forfeiture Fund established by section 9703 of title 31, United States Code (added by section 638 of Public Law 102–393), $364,162,000 shall be permanently rescinded not later than September 30, 2018. SEC. 543. Notwithstanding section 5170c(b)(2)(B)(ii) of title 42, United States Code, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall allow flood protection systems constructed in 2016 on property acquired with hazard mitigation assistance provided under section 5170c of title 42, United States Code, in an inadvertent violation of the terms and conditions of such assistance to remain in place on such property: Provided, That no new or additional structure may be erected on the property unless the new or additional structure complies with section 5170c(b)(2)(B)(ii) of title 42, United States Code: Provided further, That this provision does not otherwise excuse compliance with all other applicable laws including statutes, executive orders, regulations, and program and grant legal requirements pertaining to the floodwall structure or the acquired property. SEC. 544. Section 545 of title V of division F of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017, as added by section 20607 of title VI of subdivision 1 of division B of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘SEC. 545. (a) P REMIUM PAYAUTHORITY .— During calendar year 2017, any premium pay that is funded, either directly or through reimbursement, by the ‘Federal Emergency Management Agency—Disaster Relief Fund’ shall be exempted from the aggregate of basic pay and premium pay calculated under section 5547(a) of title 5, United States Code, and any other provision of law limiting the aggregate amount of premium pay payable on a biweekly or calendar year basis. ‘‘(b) OVERTIME AUTHORITY .—During calendar year 2017, any overtime pay that is funded, either directly or through reimbursement, by the ‘Federal Emergency Management Agency—Disaster Relief Fund’ and that is payable under an authority outside of title 5, United States Code, shall be exempted from any annual limit on the amount of overtime pay payable in a calendar or fiscal year. ‘‘(c) APPLICABILITY OF AGGREGATE LIMITA TION ON PAY.—In determining whether an employee’s aggregate pay exceeds the applicable annual rate of basic pay payable under section 5307 of title 5, United States Code, the head of an Executive agency shall not include pay exempted under this section. ‘‘(d) LIMITATION OF PAYAUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) Pay exempted from otherwise applicable limits under subsection (a) or (b) shall not cause the aggregate of basic pay and premium pay for the applicable calendar year to exceed the rate of basic pay payable for a position at level II of the Executive Schedule under section 5313 of title 5, United States Code, as in effect at the end of such calendar year. ‘‘(2) For purposes of applying this subsection to an employee who would otherwise be subject to the premium pay limits established under section 5547 of title 5, United States Code, ‘premium pay’ means the premium pay paid under the provisions of law cited in section 5547(a). ‘‘(3) For purposes of applying this subsection to an employee under a premium pay limit established under an authority other than section 5547 of title 5, United States Code, the agency responsible for administering such limit shall determine what payments are considered premium pay. 
‘‘(e) E FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect as if enacted on December 31, 2016. ‘‘(f) TREATMENT OF ADDITIONAL PAY.—If ap plication of this section results in the payment of additional premium pay to a covered employee of a type that is normally creditable as basic pay for retirement or any other purpose, that additional pay shall not— ‘‘(1) be considered to be basic pay of the covered employee for any purpose; or ‘‘(2) be used in computing a lumpsum payment to the covered employee for accumulated and accrued annual leave under section 5551 or section 5552 of title 5, United States Code.’’. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION G—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR BUREAU OF LANDMANAGEMENT  
MANAGEMENT OF LANDS AND RESOURCES  For necessary expenses for protection, use, improvement, development, disposal, cadastral surveying, classification, acquisition of easements and other interests in lands, and performance of other functions, including maintenance of facilities, as authorized by law, in the management of lands and their resources under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, including the general administration of the Bureau, and assessment of mineral potential of public lands pursuant to section 1010(a) of Public Law 96–487 (16 U.S.C. 3150(a)), $1,183,043,000, to remain available until expended, including all such amounts as are collected from permit processing fees, as authorized but made subject to future appropriation by section 35(d)(3)(A)(i) of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 191), except that amounts from permit processing fees may be used for any bureau related expenses associated with the processing of oil and gas applications for permits to drill and related use of authorizations. In addition, $39,696,000 is for Mining Law Administration program operations, including the cost of administering the mining claim fee program, to remain available until expended, to be reduced by amounts collected by the Bureau and credited to this appropriation from mining claim maintenance fees and location fees that are hereby authorized for fiscal year 2018, so as to result in a final appropriation estimated at not more than $1,183,043,000, and $2,000,000, to remain available until expended, from communication site rental fees established by the Bureau for the cost of administering communication site activities. 
LAND ACQUISITION  For expenses necessary to carry out sections 205, 206, and 318(d) of Public Law 94–579, including administrative expenses and acquisition of lands or waters, or interests therein, $24,916,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended. 
OREGON AND CALIFORNIA GRANT LANDS  For expenses necessary for management, protection, and development of resources and for construction, operation, and maintenance of access roads, reforestation, and other improvements on the revested Oregon and California Railroad grant lands, on other Federal lands in the Oregon and California landgrant counties of Oregon, and on adjacent rightsofway; and acquisition of lands or interests therein, including existing connecting roads on or adjacent to such grant lands; $106,985,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That 25 percent of the aggregate of all receipts during the current fiscal year from the revested Oregon and California Railroad grant lands is hereby made a charge against the Oregon and California landgrant fund and shall be transferred to the General Fund in the Treasury in accordance with the second paragraph of subsection (b) of title II of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 2605). RANGE IMPROVEMENTS  For rehabilitation, protection, and acquisition of lands and interests therein, and improvement of Federal rangelands pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1751), notwithstanding any other Act, sums equal to 50 percent of all moneys received during the prior fiscal year under sections 3 and 15 of the Taylor Grazing Act (43 U.S.C. 315b, 315m) and the amount designated for range improvements from grazing fees and mineral leasing receipts from BankheadJones lands transferred to the Department of the Interior pursuant to law, but not less than $10,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not to exceed $600,000 shall be available for administrative expenses. 
SERVICE CHARGES , DEPOSITS , AND FORFEITURES  For administrative expenses and other costs related to processing application documents and other authorizations for use and disposal of public lands and resources, for costs of providing copies of official public land documents, for monitoring construction, operation, and termination of facilities in conjunction with use authorizations, and for rehabilitation of damaged property, such amounts as may be collected under Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), and under section 28 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 185), to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any provision to the contrary of section 305(a) of Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1735(a)), any moneys that have been or will be received pursuant to that section, whether as a result of forfeiture, compromise, or settlement, if not appropriate for refund pursuant to section 305(c) of that Act (43 U.S.C. 1735(c)), shall be available and may be expended under the authority of this Act by the Secretary to improve, protect, or rehabilitate any public lands administered through the Bureau of Land Management which have been damaged by the action of a resource developer, purchaser, permittee, or any unauthorized person, without regard to whether all moneys collected from each such action are used on the exact lands damaged which led to the action: Provided further, That any such moneys that are in excess of amounts needed to repair damage to the exact land for which funds were collected may be used to repair other damaged public lands. 
MISCELLANEOUS TRUST FUNDS  In addition to amounts authorized to be expended under existing laws, there is hereby appropriated such amounts as may be contributed under section 307 of Public Law 94– 579 (43 U.S.C. 1737), and such amounts as may be advanced for administrative costs, surveys, appraisals, and costs of making conveyances of omitted lands under section 211(b) of that Act (43 U.S.C. 1721(b)), to remain available until expended. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  The Bureau of Land Management may carry out the operations funded under this Act by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reimbursable agreements with public and private entities, including with States. Appropriations for the Bureau shall be available for purchase, erection, and dismantlement of temporary structures, and alteration and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facilities to which the United States has title; up to $100,000 for payments, at the discretion of the Secretary, for information or evidence concerning violations of laws administered by the Bureau; miscellaneous and emergency expenses of enforcement activities authorized or approved by the Secretary and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s certificate, not to exceed $10,000: Provided, That notwithstanding Public Law 90–620 (44 U.S.C. 501), the Bureau may, under cooperative costsharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publications for which the cooperators share the cost of printing either in cash or in services, and the Bureau determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accepted quality standards: Provided further, That projects to be funded pursuant to a written commitment by a State government to provide an identified amount of money in support of the project may be carried out by the Bureau on a reimbursable basis. Appropriations herein made shall not be available for the destruction of healthy, unadopted, wild horses and burros in the care of the Bureau or its contractors or for the sale of wild horses and burros that results in their destruction for processing into commercial products. UNITED STATES FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE  
RESOURCE MANAGEMENT  For necessary expenses of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, as authorized by law, and for scientific and economic studies, general administration, and for the performance of other authorized functions related to such resources, $1,279,002,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Pro vided, That not to exceed $18,818,000 shall be used for implementing subsections (a), (b), (c), and (e) of section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533) (except for processing petitions, developing and issuing proposed and final regulations, and taking any other steps to implement actions described in subsection (c)(2)(A), (c)(2)(B)(i), or (c)(2)(B)(ii)). 
CONSTRUCTION  For construction, improvement, acquisition, or removal of buildings and other facilities required in the conservation, management, investigation, protection, and utilization of fish and wildlife resources, and the acquisition of lands and interests therein; $66,540,000, to remain available until expended. 
LAND ACQUISITION  For expenses necessary to carry out chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, including administrative expenses, and for acquisition of land or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with statutory authority applicable to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, $63,839,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended, of which, notwithstanding section 200306 of title 54, United States Code, not more than $10,000,000 shall be for land conservation partnerships authorized by the Highlands Conservation Act of 2004, including not to exceed $320,000 for administrative expenses: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated for specific land acquisition projects may be used to pay for any administrative overhead, planning or other management costs. 
CONSERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out section 6 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 
(16 U.S.C. 1535), $53,495,000, to remain available until expended, of which $33,857,000 is to be derived from the Cooperative Endangered Species Conservation Fund; and of which $19,638,000 is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE FUND  For expenses necessary to implement the Act of October 17, 1978 (16 U.S.C. 715s), $13,228,000. 
FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of the North American Wetlands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4401 et seq.), $40,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
NEOTROPICAL MIGRATORY BIRD CONSERVATION  For expenses necessary to carry out the Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.), $3,910,000, to remain available until expended. 
MULTINATIONAL SPECIES CONSERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out the African Elephant Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.), the Asian Elephant Conservation Act of 1997 (16 U.S.C. 4261 et seq.), the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act of 1994 (16 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), and the Marine Turtle Conservation Act of 2004 (16 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), $11,061,000, to remain available until expended. 
STATE AND TRIBAL WILDLIFE GRANTS  For wildlife conservation grants to States and to the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, and Indian tribes under the provisions of the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 and the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act, for the development and implementation of programs for the benefit of wildlife and their habitat, including species that are not hunted or fished, $63,571,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount provided herein, $4,209,000 is for a competitive grant program for Indian tribes not subject to the remaining provisions of this appropriation: Provided further, That $6,362,000 is for a competitive grant program to implement approved plans for States, territories, and other jurisdictions and at the discretion of affected States, the regional Associations of fish and wildlife agencies, not subject to the remaining provisions of this appropriation: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, after deducting $10,571,000 and administrative expenses, apportion the amount provided herein in the following manner: (1) to the District of Columbia and to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, each a sum equal to not more than onehalf of 1 percent thereof; and (2) to Guam, American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, each a sum equal to not more than one fourth of 1 percent thereof: Provided further, That the Secretary shall apportion the remaining amount in the following manner: (1) onethird of which is based on the ratio to which the land area of such State bears to the total land area of all such States; and (2) twothirds of which is based on the ratio to which the population of such State bears to the total population of all such States: Pro vided further, That the amounts apportioned under this paragraph shall be adjusted equitably so that no State shall be apportioned a sum which is less than 1 percent of the amount available for apportionment under this paragraph for any fiscal year or more than 5 percent of such amount: Provided further, That the Federal share of planning grants shall not exceed 75 percent of the total costs of such projects and the Federal share of implementation grants shall not exceed 65 percent of the total costs of such projects: Provided further, That the nonFederal share of such projects may not be derived from Federal grant programs: Provided further, That any amount apportioned in 2018 to any State, territory, or other jurisdiction that remains unobligated as of September 30, 2019, shall be reapportioned, together with funds appropriated in 2020, in the manner provided herein. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  The United States Fish and Wildlife Service may carry out the operations of Service programs by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reimbursable agreements with public and private entities. Appropriations and funds available to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service shall be available for repair of damage to public roads within and adjacent to reservation areas caused by operations of the Service; options for the purchase of land at not to exceed $1 for each option; facilities incident to such public recreational uses on conservation areas as are consistent with their primary purpose; and the maintenance and improvement of aquaria, buildings, and other facilities under the jurisdiction of the Service and to which the United States has title, and which are used pursuant to law in connection with management, and investigation of fish and wildlife resources: Provided, That notwithstanding 44 U.S.C. 501, the Service may, under cooperative cost sharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publications for which the cooperators share at least onehalf the cost of printing either in cash or services and the Service determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accepted quality standards: Provided further, That the Service may accept donated aircraft as replacements for existing aircraft: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, all fees collected for nontoxic shot review and approval shall be deposited under the heading ‘‘United States Fish and Wildlife Service—Resource Management’’ and shall be available to the Secretary, without further appropriation, to be used for expenses of processing of such nontoxic shot type or coating applications and revising regulations as necessary, and shall remain available until expended. NATIONAL PARKSERVICE  
OPERATION OF THE NATIONAL PARK SYSTEM  For expenses necessary for the management, operation, and maintenance of areas and facilities administered by the National Park Service and for the general administration of the National Park Service, $2,477,969,000, of which $10,032,000 for planning and interagency coordination in support of Everglades restoration and $134,461,000 for maintenance, repair, or rehabilitation projects for constructed assets shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading in this Act are available for the purposes of section 5 of Public Law 95–348. 
NATIONAL RECREATION AND PRESERVATION  For expenses necessary to carry out recreation programs, natural programs, cultural programs, heritage partnership programs, environmental compliance and review, international park affairs, and grant administration, not otherwise provided for, $63,638,000. 
HISTORIC PRESERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary in carrying out the National Historic Preservation Act (division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code), $96,910,000, to be derived from the Historic Preservation Fund and to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which $13,000,000 shall be for Save America’s Treasures grants for preservation of national significant sites, structures and artifacts as authorized by section 7303 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (54 U.S.C. 3089): Provided, That an individual Save America’s Treasures grant shall be matched by nonFederal funds: Provided further, That individual projects shall only be eligible for one grant: Provided further, That all projects to be funded shall be approved by the Secretary of the Interior in consultation with the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That of the funds provided for the Historic Preservation Fund, $500,000 is for competitive grants for the survey and nomination of properties to the National Register of Historic Places and as National Historic Landmarks associated with communities currently underrepresented, as determined by the Secretary, $13,000,000 is for competitive grants to preserve the sites and stories of the Civil Rights movement, $5,000,000 is for grants to Historically Black Colleges and Universities, and $5,000,000 is for competitive grants for the restoration of historic properties of national, State and local significance listed on or eligible for inclusion on the National Register of Historic Places, to be made without imposing the usage or direct grant restrictions of section 101(e)(3) (54 U.S.C. 302904) of the National Historical Preservation Act: Provided further, That such competitive grants shall be made without imposing the matching requirements in section 302902(b)(3) of title 54, United States Code, to States and Indian tribes as defined in chapter 3003 of such title, Native Hawaiian organizations, local governments, including Certified Local Governments, and nonprofit organizations. CONSTRUCTION  For construction, improvements, repair, or replacement of physical facilities, and compliance and planning for programs and areas administered by the National Park Service, $359,704,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, for any project initially funded in fiscal year 2018 with a future phase indicated in the National Park Service 5Year Line Item Construction Plan, a single procurement may be issued which includes the full scope of the project: Provided further, That the solicitation and contract shall contain the clause availability of funds found at 48 CFR 52.232–18: Provided further, That Na tional Park Service Donations, Park Concessions Franchise Fees, and Recreation Fees may be made available for the cost of adjustments and changes within the original scope of effort for projects funded by the National Park Service Construction appropriation: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations, in accordance with current reprogramming thresholds, prior to making any charges authorized by this section. 
LAND ACQUISITION AND STATE ASSISTANCE  For expenses necessary to carry out chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, including administrative expenses, and for acquisition of lands or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with the statutory authority applicable to the National Park Service, $180,941,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended, of which $124,006,000 is for the State assistance program and of which $10,000,000 shall be for the American Battlefield Protection Program grants as authorized by chapter 3081 of title 54, United States Code. 
CENTENNIAL CHALLENGE  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of section 101701 of title 54, United States Code, relating to challenge cost share agreements, $23,000,000, to remain available until expended, for Centennial Challenge projects and programs: Provided, That not less than 50 percent of the total cost of each project or program shall be derived from nonFederal sources in the form of donated cash, assets, or a pledge of donation guaranteed by an irrevocable letter of credit. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to other uses set forth in section 101917(c)(2) of title 54, United States Code, franchise fees credited to a subaccount shall be available for expenditure by the Secretary, without further appropriation, for use at any unit within the National Park System to extinguish or reduce liability for Possessory Interest or leasehold surrender interest. Such funds may only be used for this purpose to the extent that the benefitting unit anticipated franchise fee receipts over the term of the contract at that unit exceed the amount of funds used to extinguish or reduce liability. Franchise fees at the benefitting unit shall be credited to the subaccount of the originating unit over a period not to exceed the term of a single contract at the benefitting unit, in the amount of funds so expended to extinguish or reduce liability. For the costs of administration of the Land and Water Conservation Fund grants authorized by section 105(a)(2)(B) of the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–432), the National Park Service may retain up to 3 percent of the amounts which are authorized to be disbursed under such section, such retained amounts to remain available until expended. National Park Service funds may be transferred to the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), Department of Transportation, for purposes authorized under 23 U.S.C. 204. Transfers may include a reasonable amount for FHWA administrative support costs. UNITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY  
SURVEYS , INVESTIGATIONS , AND RESEARCH  For expenses necessary for the United States Geological Survey to perform surveys, investigations, and research covering topography, geology, hydrology, biology, and the mineral and water resources of the United States, its territories and possessions, and other areas as authorized by 43 U.S.C. 31, 1332, and 1340; classify lands as to their mineral and water resources; give engineering supervision to power permittees and Federal Energy Regulatory Commission licensees; administer the minerals exploration program (30 U.S.C. 641); conduct inquiries into the economic conditions affecting mining and materials processing industries (30 U.S.C. 3, 21a, and 1603; 50 U.S.C. 98g(1)) and related purposes as authorized by law; and to publish and disseminate data relative to the foregoing activities; $1,148,457,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019; of which $78,537,000 shall remain available until expended for satellite operations; and of which $15,164,000 shall be available until expended for deferred maintenance and capital improvement projects that exceed $100,000 in cost: Provided, That none of the funds provided for the ecosystem research activity shall be used to conduct new surveys on private property, unless specifically authorized in writing by the property owner: Provided further, That no part of this appropriation shall be used to pay more than onehalf the cost of topographic mapping or water resources data collection and investigations carried on in cooperation with States and municipalities. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  From within the amount appropriated for activities of the United States Geological Survey such sums as are necessary shall be available for contracting for the furnishing of topographic maps and for the making of geophysical or other specialized surveys when it is administratively determined that such procedures are in the public interest; construction and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facilities; acquisition of lands for gauging stations, observation wells, and seismic equipment; expenses of the United States National Committee for Geological Sciences; and payment of compensation and expenses of persons employed by the Survey duly appointed to represent the United States in the negotiation and administration of interstate compacts: Pro vided, That activities funded by appropriations herein made may be accomplished through the use of contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements as defined in section 6302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That the United States Geological Survey may enter into contracts or cooperative agreements directly with individuals or indirectly with institutions or nonprofit organizations, without regard to 41 U.S.C. 6101, for the temporary or intermittent services of students or recent graduates, who shall be considered employees for the purpose of chapters 57 and 81 of title 5, United States Code, relating to compensation for travel and work injuries, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code, relating to tort claims, but shall not be considered to be Federal employees for any other purposes. BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT  
OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT  For expenses necessary for granting leases, easements, rightsofway and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marinerelated purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf and approving operations related thereto, as authorized by law; for environmental studies, as authorized by law; for implementing other laws and to the extent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or cooperative agreements, $171,000,000, of which $114,166,000 is to remain available until September 30, 2019, and of which $56,834,000 is to remain available until expended: Provided, That this total appropriation shall be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation from additions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities conducted by the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, including studies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous administrative activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $114,166,000: Provided further, That not to exceed $3,000 shall be available for reasonable expenses related to promoting volunteer beach and marine cleanup activities. BUREAU OF SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL  ENFORCEMENT  
ENFORCEMENT  For expenses necessary for the regulation of operations related to leases, easements, rightsofway and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marine related purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf, as authorized by law; for enforcing and implementing laws and regulations as authorized by law and to the extent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or cooperative agreements, $136,411,000, of which $108,540,000 is to remain available until September 30, 2019, and of which $27,871,000 is to remain available until expended: Provided, That this total appropriation shall be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation from additions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities conducted by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, including studies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous administrative activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $108,540,000. For an additional amount, $50,000,000, to remain available until expended, to be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation, which shall be derived from nonrefundable inspection fees collected in fiscal year 2018, as provided in this Act: Provided, That to the extent that amounts realized from such inspection fees exceed $50,000,000, the amounts realized in excess of $50,000,000 shall be credited to this appropriation and remain available until expended: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, not less than 50 percent of the inspection fees expended by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement will be used to fund personnel and missionrelated costs to expand capacity and expedite the orderly development, subject to environmental safeguards, of the Outer Continental Shelf pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.), including the review of applications for permits to drill. OIL SPILL RESEARCH  For necessary expenses to carry out title I, section 1016, title IV, sections 4202 and 4303, title VII, and title VIII, section 8201 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $14,899,000, which shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, to remain available until expended. OFFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND  ENFORCEMENT  
REGULATION AND TECHNOLOGY  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87, $115,804,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That appropriations for the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement may provide for the travel and per diem expenses of State and tribal personnel attending Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement sponsored training. In addition, for costs to review, administer, and enforce permits issued by the Office pursuant to section 507 of Public Law 95– 87 (30 U.S.C. 1257), $40,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That fees assessed and collected by the Office pursuant to such section 507 shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a fiscal year 2018 appropriation estimated at not more than $115,804,000. 
ABANDONED MINE RECLAMATION FUND  For necessary expenses to carry out title IV of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87, 
$24,672,000, to be derived from receipts of the Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund and to remain available until expended: Provided, That pursuant to Public Law 97–365, the Department of the Interior is authorized to use up to 20 percent from the recovery of the delinquent debt owed to the United States Government to pay for contracts to collect these debts: Provided further, That funds made available under title IV of Public Law 95–87 may be used for any required nonFederal share of the cost of projects funded by the Federal Government for the purpose of environmental restoration related to treatment or abatement of acid mine drainage from abandoned mines: Provided further, That such projects must be consistent with the purposes and priorities of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act: Provided further, That amounts provided under this heading may be used for the travel and per diem expenses of State and tribal personnel attending Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement sponsored training. In addition, $115,000,000, to remain available until expended, for grants to States and federally recognized Indian Tribes for reclamation of abandoned mine lands and other related activities in accordance with the terms and conditions in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided, That such additional amount shall be used for economic and community development in conjunction with the priorities in section 403(a) of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1233(a)): Provided further, That of such additional amount, $75,000,000 shall be distributed in equal amounts to the 3 Appalachian States with the greatest amount of unfunded needs to meet the priorities described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of such section, $30,000,000 shall be distributed in equal amounts to the 3 Appalachian States with the subsequent greatest amount of unfunded needs to meet such priorities, and $10,000,000 shall be for grants to federally recognized Indian Tribes without regard to their status as certified or uncertified under the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1233(a)), for reclamation of abandoned mine lands and other related activities in accordance with the terms and conditions in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act) and shall be used for economic and community development in conjunction with the priorities in section 403(a) of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977: Provided further, That such additional amount shall be allocated to States and Indian Tribes within 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS AND BUREAU OF  INDIAN EDUCATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary for the operation of Indian programs, as authorized by law, including the Snyder Act of November 2, 1921 (25 U.S.C. 13), the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2001–2019), and the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), $2,411,200,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $8,500 may be for official reception and representation expenses; of which not to exceed $76,000,000 shall be for welfare assistance payments: Provided, That in cases of designated Federal disasters, the Secretary may exceed such cap, from the amounts provided herein, to provide for disaster relief to Indian communities affected by the disaster: Provided further, That federally recognized Indian tribes and tribal organizations of federally recognized Indian tribes may use their tribal priority allocations for unmet welfare assistance costs: Provided further, That not to exceed $673,425,000 for school operations costs of Bureaufunded schools and other education programs shall become available on July 1, 2018, and shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That not to exceed $53,991,000 shall remain available until expended for housing improvement, road maintenance, attorney fees, litigation support, land records improvement, and the NavajoHopi Settlement Program: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, including but not limited to the Indian SelfDetermination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) and section 1128 of the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2008), not to exceed $81,036,000 within and only from such amounts made available for school operations shall be available for administrative cost grants associated with grants approved prior to July 1, 2018: Pro vided further, That any forestry funds allocated to a federally recognized tribe which remain unobligated as of September 30, 2019, may be transferred during fiscal year 2020 to an Indian forest land assistance account established for the benefit of the holder of the funds within the holder’s trust fund account: Provided further, That any such unobligated balances not so transferred shall expire on September 30, 2020: Provided further, That in order to enhance the safety of Bureau field employees, the Bureau may use funds to purchase uniforms or other identifying articles of clothing for personnel: Provided further, That the Bureau of Indian Affairs may accept transfers of funds from U.S. Customs and Border Protection to supplement any other funding available for reconstruction or repair of roads owned by the Bureau of Indian Affairs as identified on the National Tribal Transportation Facility Inventory, 23 U.S.C. 202(b)(1). CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS  For payments to tribes and tribal organizations for contract support costs associated with Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act agreements with the Bureau of Indian Affairs for fiscal year 2018, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2019: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to another budget account. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For construction, repair, improvement, and maintenance of irrigation and power systems, buildings, utilities, and other facilities, including architectural and engineering services by contract; acquisition of lands, and interests in lands; and preparation of lands for farming, and for construction of the Navajo Indian Irrigation Project pursuant to Public Law 87–483; $354,113,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts as may be available for the construction of the Navajo Indian Irrigation Project may be transferred to the Bureau of Reclamation: Provided further, That not to exceed 6 percent of contract authority available to the Bureau of Indian Affairs from the Federal Highway Trust Fund may be used to cover the road program management costs of the Bureau: Provided further, That any funds provided for the Safety of Dams program pursuant to the Act of November 2, 1921 (25 U.S.C. 13), shall be made available on a nonreimbursable basis: Pro vided further, That for fiscal year 2018, in implementing new construction, replacement facilities construction, or facilities improvement and repair project grants in excess of $100,000 that are provided to grant schools under Public Law 100–297, the Secretary of the Interior shall use the Administrative and Audit Requirements and Cost Principles for Assistance Programs contained in part 12 of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations, as the regulatory requirements: Provided further, That such grants shall not be subject to section 12.61 of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations; the Secretary and the grantee shall negotiate and determine a schedule of payments for the work to be performed: Provided further, That in considering grant applications, the Secretary shall consider whether such grantee would be deficient in assuring that the construction projects conform to applicable building standards and codes and Federal, tribal, or State health and safety standards as required by section 1125(b) of title XI of Public Law 95–561 (25 U.S.C. 2005(b)), with respect to organizational and financial management capabilities: Provided further, That if the Secretary declines a grant application, the Secretary shall follow the requirements contained in section 5206(f) of Public Law 100–297 (25 U.S.C. 2504(f)): Pro vided further, That any disputes between the Secretary and any grantee concerning a grant shall be subject to the disputes provision in section 5208(e) of Public Law 107–110 (25 U.S.C. 2507(e)): Provided further, That in order to ensure timely completion of construction projects, the Secretary may assume control of a project and all funds related to the project, if, within 18 months of the date of enactment of this Act, any grantee receiving funds appropriated in this Act or in any prior Act, has not completed the planning and design phase of the project and commenced construction: Provided further, That this appropriation may be reimbursed from the Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians appropriation for the appropriate share of construction costs for space expansion needed in agency offices to meet trust reform implementation. INDIAN LAND AND WATER CLAIM SETTLEMENTS  
AND MISCELLANEOUS PAYMENTS TO INDIANS  For payments and necessary administrative expenses for implementation of Indian land and water claim settlements pursuant to Public Laws 99–264, 100–580, 101–618, 111–11, 111–291, and 114–322, and for implementation of other land and water rights settlements, $55,457,000, to remain available until expended. 
INDIAN GUARANTEED LOAN PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of guaranteed loans and insured loans, $9,272,000, of which $1,252,000 is for administrative expenses, as authorized by the Indian Financing Act of 1974: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed or insured, not to exceed $123,565,389. 
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  The Bureau of Indian Affairs may carry out the operation of Indian programs by direct expenditure, contracts, cooperative agreements, compacts, and grants, either directly or in cooperation with States and other organizations. Notwithstanding Public Law 87–279 (25 U.S.C. 15), the Bureau of Indian Affairs may contract for services in support of the management, operation, and maintenance of the Power Division of the San Carlos Irrigation Project. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds available to the Bureau of Indian Affairs for central office oversight and 
Executive Direction and Administrative Services (except executive direction and administrative services funding for Tribal Priority Allocations, regional offices, and facilities operations and maintenance) shall be available for contracts, grants, compacts, or cooperative agreements with the Bureau of Indian Affairs under the provisions of the Indian SelfDetermination Act or the Tribal SelfGovernance Act of 1994 (Public Law 103– 413). In the event any tribe returns appropriations made available by this Act to the Bureau of Indian Affairs, this action shall not diminish the Federal Government’s trust responsibility to that tribe, or the governmenttogovernment relationship between the United States and that tribe, or that tribe’s ability to access future appropriations. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds available to the Bureau of Indian Education, other than the amounts provided herein for assistance to public schools under 25 U.S.C. 452 et seq., shall be available to support the operation of any elementary or secondary school in the State of Alaska. No funds available to the Bureau of Indian Education shall be used to support expanded grades for any school or dormitory beyond the grade structure in place or approved by the Secretary of the Interior at each school in the Bureau of Indian Education school system as of October 1, 1995, except that the Secretary of the Interior may waive this prohibition to support expansion of up to one additional grade when the Secretary determines such waiver is needed to support accomplishment of the mission of the Bureau of Indian Education, or more than one grade to expand the elementary grade structure for Bureaufunded schools with a K2 grade structure on October 1, 1996. Appropriations made available in this or any prior Act for schools funded by the Bureau shall be available, in accordance with the Bureau’s funding formula, only to the schools in the Bureau school system as of September 1, 1996, and to any school or school program that was reinstated in fiscal year 2012. Funds made available under this Act may not be used to establish a charter school at a Bureaufunded school (as that term is defined in section 1141 of the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2021)), except that a charter school that is in existence on the date of the enactment of this Act and that has operated at a Bureaufunded school before September 1, 1999, may continue to operate during that period, but only if the charter school pays to the Bureau a pro rata share of funds to reimburse the Bureau for the use of the real and personal property (including buses and vans), the funds of the charter school are kept separate and apart from Bureau funds, and the Bureau does not assume any obligation for charter school programs of the State in which the school is located if the charter school loses such funding. Employees of Bureaufunded schools sharing a campus with a charter school and performing functions related to the charter school’s operation and employees of a charter school shall not be treated as Federal employees for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 113 of title I of appendix C of Public Law 106–113, if in fiscal year 2003 or 2004 a grantee received indirect and administrative costs pursuant to a distribution formula based on section 5(f) of Public Law 101–301, the Secretary shall continue to distribute indirect and administrative cost funds to such grantee using the section 5(f) distribution formula. Funds available under this Act may not be used to establish satellite locations of schools in the Bureau school system as of September 1, 1996, except that the Secretary may waive this prohibition in order for an Indian tribe to provide language and cultural immersion educational programs for non public schools located within the jurisdictional area of the tribal government which exclusively serve tribal members, do not include grades beyond those currently served at the existing Bureaufunded school, provide an educational environment with educator presence and academic facilities comparable to the Bureaufunded school, comply with all applicable Tribal, Federal, or State health and safety standards, and the Americans with Disabilities Act, and demonstrate the benefits of establishing operations at a satellite location in lieu of incurring extraordinary costs, such as for transportation or other impacts to students such as those caused by busing students extended distances: Provided, That no funds available under this Act may be used to fund operations, maintenance, rehabilitation, construction or other facilitiesrelated costs for such assets that are not owned by the Bureau: Provided further, That the term ‘‘satellite school’’ means a school location physically separated from the existing Bureau school by more than 50 miles but that forms part of the existing school in all other respects. Of the prior year unobligated balances available for the ‘‘Operation of Indian Programs’’ account, $8,000,000 are permanently rescinded. DEPARTMENTAL OFFICES  OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
DEPARTMENTAL OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses for management of the Department of the Interior and for grants and cooperative agreements, as authorized by law, $124,182,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019; of which not to exceed $15,000 may be for official reception and representation expenses; and of which up to $1,000,000 shall be available for workers compensation payments and unemployment compensation payments associated with the orderly closure of the United States Bureau of Mines; and of which $10,242,000 for the Office of Valuation Services is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and shall remain available until expended. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  For fiscal year 2018, up to $400,000 of the payments authorized by chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code, may be retained for administrative expenses of the Payments in Lieu of Taxes Program: Provided, That the amounts provided under this Act specifically for the Payments in Lieu of Taxes program are the only amounts available for payments authorized under chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That in the event the sums appropriated for any fiscal year for payments pursuant to this chapter are insufficient to make the full payments authorized by that chapter to all units of local government, then the payment to each local government shall be made proportionally: Provided further, That the Secretary may make adjustments to payment to individual units of local government to correct for prior overpayments or underpayments: Provided further, That no payment shall be made pursuant to that chapter to otherwise eligible units of local government if the computed amount of the payment is less than $100. INSULAR AFFAIRS  
ASSISTANCE TO TERRITORIES  For expenses necessary for assistance to territories under the jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior and other jurisdictions identified in section 104(e) of Public Law 108–188, $96,870,000, of which: (1) $87,422,000 shall remain available until expended for territorial assistance, including general technical assistance, maintenance assistance, disaster assistance, coral reef initiative activities, and brown tree snake control and research; grants to the judiciary in American Samoa for compensation and expenses, as authorized by law (48 U.S.C. 1661(c)); grants to the Government of American Samoa, in addition to current local revenues, for construction and support of governmental functions; grants to the Government of the Virgin Islands, as authorized by law; grants to the Government of Guam, as authorized by law; and grants to the Government of the Northern Mariana Islands , as au thorized by law (Public Law 94–241; 90 Stat. 272); and (2) $9,448,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, for salaries and expenses of the Office of Insular Affairs: Provided, That all financial transactions of the territorial and local governments herein provided for, including such transactions of all agencies or instrumentalities established or used by such governments, may be audited by the Government Accountability Office, at its discretion, in accordance with chapter 35 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That Northern Mariana Islands Covenant grant funding shall be provided according to those terms of the Agreement of the Special Representatives on Future United States Financial Assistance for the Northern Mariana Islands approved by Public Law 104–134: Pro vided further, That the funds for the program of operations and maintenance improvement are appropriated to institutionalize routine operations and maintenance improvement of capital infrastructure with territorial participation and cost sharing to be determined by the Secretary based on the grantee’s commitment to timely maintenance of its capital assets: Provided further, That any appropriation for disaster assistance under this heading in this Act or previous appropriations Acts may be used as non–Federal matching funds for the purpose of hazard mitigation grants provided pursuant to section 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c). COMPACT OF FREE ASSOCIATION  For grants and necessary expenses, $3,363,000, to remain available until expended, as provided for in sections 221(a)(2) and 233 of the Compact of Free Association for the Republic of Palau; and section 221(a)(2) of the Compacts of Free Association for the Government of the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Federated States of Micronesia, as authorized by Public Law 99– 658 and Public Law 108–188. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  At the request of the Governor of Guam, the Secretary may transfer discretionary funds or mandatory funds provided under section 104(e) of Public Law 108–188 and Public Law 104–134, that are allocated for Guam, to the Secretary of Agriculture for the subsidy cost of direct or guaranteed loans, plus not to exceed three percent of the amount of the subsidy transferred for the cost of loan administration, for the purposes authorized by the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 and section 306(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act for construction and repair projects in Guam, and such funds shall remain available until expended: Pro vided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such loans or loan guarantees may be made without regard to the population of the area, credit elsewhere requirements, and restrictions on the 
types of eligible entities under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 and section 306(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act: Provided further, That any funds transferred to the Secretary of Agriculture shall be in addition to funds otherwise made available to make or guarantee loans under such authorities. OFFICE OF THE SOLICITOR  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Solicitor, $66,675,000. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General, $51,023,000. OFFICE OF THE SPECIAL TRUSTEE FOR  AMERICAN INDIANS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the operation of trust programs for Indians by direct expenditure, contracts, cooperative agreements, compacts, and grants, $119,400,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $18,990,000 from this or any other Act, may be available for historical accounting: Provided, That funds for trust management improvements and litigation support may, as needed, be transferred to or merged with the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, ‘‘Operation of Indian Programs’’ account; the Office of the Solicitor, ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ account; and the Office of the Secretary, ‘‘Departmental Operations’’ account: Provided further, That funds made available through contracts or grants obligated during fiscal year 2018, as authorized by the Indian SelfDetermination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), shall remain available until expended by the contractor or grantee: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall not be required to provide a quarterly statement of performance for any Indian trust account that has not had activity for at least 15 months and has a balance of $15 or less: Provided further, That the Secretary shall issue an annual account statement and maintain a record of any such accounts and shall permit the balance in each such account to be withdrawn upon the express written request of the account holder: Provided further, That not to exceed $50,000 is available for the Secretary to make payments to correct administrative errors of either disbursements from or deposits to Individual Indian Money or Tribal accounts after September 30, 2002: Provided further, That erroneous payments that are recovered shall be credited to and remain available in this account for this purpose: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not be required to reconcile Special Deposit Accounts with a balance of less than $500 unless the Office of the Special Trustee receives proof of ownership from a Special Deposit Accounts claimant: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 102 of the American Indian Trust Fund Management Reform Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–412) or any other provision of law, the Secretary may aggregate the trust accounts of individuals whose whereabouts are unknown for a continuous period of at least five years and shall not be required to generate periodic statements of performance for the individual accounts: Provided further, That with respect to the eighth proviso, the Secretary shall continue to maintain sufficient records to determine the balance of the individual accounts, including any accrued interest and income, and such funds shall remain available to the individual account holders. DEPARTMENT WIDEPROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for fire preparedness, fire suppression operations, fire science and research, emergency rehabilitation, fuels management activities, and rural fire assistance by the Department of the Interior, $948,087,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $18,427,000 shall be for the renovation or construction of fire facilities: Provided, That such funds are also available for repayment of advances to other appropriation accounts from which funds were previously transferred for such purposes: Provided further, That of the funds provided $184,000,000 is for fuels management activities: Provided further, That of the funds provided $20,470,000 is for burned area rehabilitation: Provided further, That persons hired pursuant to 43 U.S.C. 1469 may be furnished subsistence and lodging without cost from funds available from this appropriation: Provided further, That notwithstanding 42 U.S.C. 1856d, sums received by a bureau or office of the Department of the Interior for fire protection rendered pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1856 et seq., protection of United States property, may be credited to the appropriation from which funds were expended to provide that protection, and are available without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That using the amounts designated under this title of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior may enter into procurement contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements, for fuels management activities, and for training and monitoring associated with such fuels management activities on Federal land, or on adjacent nonFederal land for activities that benefit resources on Federal land: Provided further, That the costs of implementing any cooperative agreement between the Federal Government and any non Federal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided further, That notwithstanding requirements of the Competition in Contracting Act, the Secretary, for purposes of fuels management activities, may obtain maximum practicable competition among: (1) local private, nonprofit, or cooperative entities; (2) Youth Conservation Corps crews, Public Lands Corps (Public Law 109–154), or related partnerships with State, local, or nonprofit youth groups; (3) small or microbusinesses; or (4) other entities that will hire or train locally a significant percentage, defined as 50 percent or more, of the project workforce to complete such contracts: Provided further, That in implementing this section, the Secretary shall develop written guidance to field units to ensure accountability and consistent application of the authorities provided herein: Pro vided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be used to reimburse the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service for the costs of carrying out their responsibilities under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) to consult and conference, as required by section 7 of such Act, in connection with wildland fire management activities: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior may use wildland fire appropriations to enter into leases of real property with local governments, at or below fair market value, to construct capitalized improvements for fire facilities on such leased properties, including but not limited to fire guard stations, retardant stations, and other initial attack and fire support facilities, and to make advance payments for any such lease or for construction activity associated with the lease: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may authorize the transfer of funds appropriated for wildland fire management, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $50,000,000, between the Departments when such transfers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects: Pro vided further, That funds provided for wildfire suppression shall be available for support of Federal emergency response actions: Pro vided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for assistance to or through the Department of State in connection with forest and rangeland research, technical information, and assistance in foreign countries, and, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall be available to support forestry, wildland fire management, and related natural resource activities outside the United States and its territories and possessions, including technical assistance, education and training, and cooperation with United States and international organizations. 
CENTRAL HAZARDOUS MATERIALS FUND  For necessary expenses of the Department of the Interior and any of its component offices and bureaus for the response action, including associated activities, performed pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), $10,010,000, to remain available until expended. NATURAL RESOURCE DAMAGE ASSESSMENT  
NATURAL RESOURCE DAMAGE ASSESSMENT FUND  To conduct natural resource damage assessment, restoration activities, and onshore oil spill preparedness by the Department of the Interior necessary to carry out the provisions of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), and 54 U.S.C. 100721 et seq., $7,767,000, to remain available until expended. 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND  For the operation and maintenance of a departmental financial and business management system, information technology improvements of general benefit to the Department, cybersecurity, and the consolidation of facilities and operations throughout the Department, $62,370,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this Act or any other Act may be used to establish reserves in the Working Capital Fund account other than for accrued annual leave and depreciation of equipment without prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That the Secretary may assess reasonable charges to State, local and tribal government employees for training services provided by the National Indian Program Training Center, other than training related to Public Law 93–638: Provided further, That the Secretary may lease or otherwise provide space and related facilities, equipment or professional services of the National Indian Program Training Center to State, local and tribal government employees or persons or organizations engaged in cultural, educational, or recreational activities (as defined in section 3306(a) of title 40, United States Code) at the prevailing rate for similar space, facilities, equipment, or services in the vicinity of the National Indian Program Training Center: Provided further, That all funds received pursuant to the two preceding provisos shall be credited to this account, shall be available until expended, and shall be used by the Secretary for necessary expenses of the National Indian Program Training Center: Provided further, That the 
Secretary may enter into grants and cooperative agreements to support the Office of Natural Resource Revenue’s collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, as authorized by law. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  There is hereby authorized for acquisition from available resources within the Working Capital Fund, aircraft which may be obtained by donation, purchase or through available excess surplus property: Provided, That existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with proceeds derived or tradein value used to offset the purchase price for the replacement aircraft. 
OFFICE OF NATURAL RESOURCES REVENUE  For necessary expenses for management of the collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, and for grants and cooperative agreements, as authorized by law, $137,757,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019; of which $41,727,000 shall remain available until expended for the purpose of mineral revenue management activities: Provided, That not withstanding any other provision of law, $15,000 shall be available for refunds of overpayments in connection with certain Indian leases in which the Secretary concurred with the claimed refund due, to pay amounts owed to Indian allottees or tribes, or to correct prior unrecoverable erroneous payments. GENERAL PROVISIONS , DEPARTMENT OF THE  INTERIOR  
BUREAU  SEC. 101. Appropriations made in this title shall be available for expenditure or transfer (within each bureau or office), with the approval of the Secretary, for the emergency reconstruction, replacement, or repair of aircraft, buildings, utilities, or other facilities or equipment damaged or destroyed by fire, flood, storm, or other unavoidable causes: Provided, That no funds shall be made available under this authority until funds specifically made available to the Department of the Interior for emergencies shall have been exhausted: Provided further, That all funds used pursuant to this section must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation, which must be requested as promptly as possible. 
DEPARTMENT WIDE SEC. 102. The Secretary may authorize the expenditure or transfer of any no year appropriation in this title, in addition to the amounts included in the budget programs of the several agencies, for the suppression or emergency prevention of wildland fires on or threatening lands under the jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior; for the emergency rehabilitation of burnedover lands under its jurisdiction; for emergency actions related to potential or actual earthquakes, floods, volcanoes, storms, or other unavoidable causes; for contingency planning subsequent to actual oil spills; for response and natural resource damage assessment activities related to actual oil spills or releases of hazardous substances into the environment; for the prevention, suppression, and control of actual or potential grasshopper and Mormon cricket outbreaks on lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary, pursuant to the authority in section 417(b) of Public Law 106– 224 (7 U.S.C. 7717(b)); for emergency reclamation projects under section 410 of Public Law 95–87; and shall transfer, from any no year funds available to the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, such funds as may be necessary to permit assumption of regulatory authority in the event a primacy State is not carrying out the regulatory provisions of the Surface Mining Act: Provided, That appropriations made in this title for wildland fire operations shall be available for the payment of obligations incurred during the preceding fiscal year, and for reimbursement to other Federal agencies for destruction of vehicles, aircraft, or other equipment in connection with their use for wildland fire operations, with such reimbursement to be credited to appropriations currently available at the time of receipt thereof: Provided further, That for wildland fire operations, no funds shall be made available under this authority until the Secretary determines that funds appropriated for ‘‘wildland fire suppression’’ shall be exhausted within 30 days: Provided further, That all funds used pursuant to this section must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation, which must be requested as promptly as possible: Provided further, That such replenishment funds shall be used to reimburse, on a pro rata basis, accounts from which emergency funds were transferred. AUTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS  SEC. 103. Appropriations made to the Department of the Interior in this title shall be available for services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, when authorized by the Secretary, in total amount not to exceed $500,000; purchase and replacement of motor vehicles, including specially equipped law enforcement vehicles; hire, maintenance, and operation of aircraft; hire of passenger motor vehicles; purchase of reprints; payment for telephone service in private residences in the field, when authorized under regulations approved by the Secretary; and the payment of dues, when authorized by the Secretary, for library membership in societies or associations which issue publications to members only or at a price to members lower than to subscribers who are not members. 
MANAGEMENT  SEC. 104. Appropriations made in this Act under the headings Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, and Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians and any unobligated balances from prior appropriations Acts made under the same headings shall be available for expenditure or transfer for Indian trust management and reform activities. Total funding for historical accounting activities shall not exceed amounts specifically designated in this Act for such purpose. 
AFFAIRS  SEC. 105. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to redistribute any Tribal Priority Allocation funds, including tribal base funds, to alleviate tribal funding inequities by transferring funds to address identified, unmet needs, dual enrollment, overlapping service areas or inaccurate distribution methodologies. No tribe shall receive a reduction in Tribal Priority Allocation funds of more than 10 percent in fiscal year 2018. Under circumstances of dual enrollment, overlapping service areas or inaccurate distribution methodologies, the 10 percent limitation does not apply. 
ELLIS , GOVERNORS , AND LIBERTY ISLANDS  SEC. 106. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to acquire lands, waters, or interests therein including the use of all or part of any pier, dock, or landing within the State of New York and the State of New Jersey, for the purpose of operating and maintaining facilities in the support of transportation and accommodation of visitors to Ellis, Governors, and Liberty Islands, and of other program and administrative activities, by donation or with appropriated funds, including franchise fees (and other monetary consideration), or by exchange; and the Secretary is authorized to negotiate and enter into leases, subleases, concession contracts or other agreements for the use of such facilities on such terms and conditions as the Secretary may determine reasonable. OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF INSPECTION FEES  SEC. 107. (a) In fiscal year 2018, the Secretary shall collect a nonrefundable inspection fee, which shall be deposited in the ‘‘Offshore Safety and Environmental Enforcement’’ account, from the designated operator for facilities subject to inspection under 43 U.S.C. 1348(c). (b) Annual fees shall be collected for facilities that are above the waterline, excluding drilling rigs, and are in place at the start of the fiscal year. Fees for fiscal year 2018 shall be: (1) $10,500 for facilities with no wells, but with processing equipment or gathering lines; (2) $17,000 for facilities with 1 to 10 wells, with any combination of active or inactive wells; and (3) $31,500 for facilities with more than 10 wells, with any combination of active or inactive wells. (c) Fees for drilling rigs shall be assessed for all inspections completed in fiscal year 2018. Fees for fiscal year 2018 shall be: (1) $30,500 per inspection for rigs operating in water depths of 500 feet or more; and (2) $16,700 per inspection for rigs operating in water depths of less than 500 feet. (d) The Secretary shall bill designated operators under subsection (b) within 60 days, with payment required within 30 days of billing. The Secretary shall bill designated operators under subsection (c) within 30 days of the end of the month in which the inspection occurred, with payment required within 30 days of billing. 
BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT , REGULATION AND ENFORCEMENT REORGANIZATION  SEC. 108. The Secretary of the Interior, in order to implement a reorganization of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Regulation and Enforcement, may transfer funds among and between the successor offices and bureaus affected by the reorganization only in conformance with the reprogramming guidelines described in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). 
AND BURRO HOLDING FACILITIES  SEC. 109. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior may enter into multiyear cooperative agreements with nonprofit organizations and other appropriate entities, and may enter into multiyear contracts in accordance with the provisions of section 3903 of title 41, United States Code (except that the 5year term restriction in subsection (a) shall not apply), for the longterm care and maintenance of excess wild free roaming horses and burros by such organizations or entities on private land. Such cooperative agreements and contracts may not exceed 10 years, subject to renewal at the discretion of the Secretary. 
MASS MARKING OF SALMONIDS  SEC. 110. The United States Fish and Wildlife Service shall, in carrying out its responsibilities to protect threatened and endangered species of salmon, implement a system of mass marking of salmonid stocks, intended for harvest, that are released from 
federally operated or federally financed hatcheries including but not limited to fish releases of coho, chinook, and steelhead species. Marked fish must have a visible mark that can be readily identified by commercial and recreational fishers. 
EXHAUSTION OF ADMINISTRATIVE REVIEW  SEC. 111. Paragraph (1) of section 122(a) of division E of Public Law 112–74 (125 Stat. 1013) is amended by striking ‘‘through 2020,’’ in the first sentence and inserting ‘‘through 2022,’’. 
AFFAIRS  SEC. 112. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, during fiscal year 2018, in carrying out work involving cooperation with State, local, and tribal governments or any political subdivision thereof, Indian Affairs may record obligations against accounts receivable from any such entities, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budgetary resources available at the end of the fiscal year. 
HUMANE TRANSFER OF EXCESS ANIMALS  SEC. 113. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Interior may transfer excess wild horses or burros that have been removed from the public lands to other Federal, State, and local government agencies for use as work animals: Provided, That the Secretary may make any such transfer immediately upon request of such Federal, State, or local government agency: Provided further, That any excess animal transferred under this provision shall lose its status as a wild freeroaming horse or burro as defined in the Wild FreeRoaming Horses and Burros Act: Provided further, That any Federal, State, or local government agency receiving excess wild horses or burros as authorized in this section shall not: destroy the horses or burros in a way that results in their destruction into commercial products; sell or otherwise transfer the horses or burros in a way that results in their destruction for processing into commercial products; or euthanize the horses or burros except upon the recommendation of a licensed veterinarian, in cases of severe injury, illness, or advanced age. 
REPUBLIC OF PALAU  SEC. 114. There is appropriated $123,824,000 for an additional amount for ‘‘Compact of Free Association’’, which shall remain available until expended for use in meeting the financial obligations of the Government of the United States under the Agreement between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Palau Following the Compact of Free Association Section 432 Review, signed on September 3, 2010, with the funding schedule therein modified by the Parties as necessary and appropriate (‘‘Compact Review Agreement’’): Provided, That funds may not be made available under this section prior to the Compact Review Agreement and its appendices entering into force. 
SERVICES PROGRAM  SEC. 115. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law relating to Federal grants and cooperative agreements, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to make grants to, or enter into cooperative agreements with, private nonprofit organizations designated by the Secretary of Labor under title V of the Older Americans Act of 1965 to utilize the talents of older Americans in programs authorized by other provisions of law administered by the Secretary and consistent with such provisions of law. (b) Prior to awarding any grant or agreement under subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that the agreement would not— (1) result in the displacement of individuals currently employed by the Department, including partial displacement through reduction of nonovertime hours, wages, or employment benefits; (2) result in the use of an individual under the Department of the Interior Experienced Services Program for a job or function in a case in which a Federal employee is in a layoff status from the same or substantially equivalent job within the Department; or (3) affect existing contracts for services. JAY S . HAMMOND WILDERNESS  SEC. 116. (a) D ESIGNATION .—The approximately 2,600,000 acres of National Wilderness Preservation System land located within the Lake Clark National Park and Preserve designated by section 701(6) of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 1132 note; Public Law 96–487) shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Jay S. Hammond Wilderness’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the wilderness area referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Jay S. Hammond Wilderness’’. 
EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES  SEC. 117. (a) Division II of Public Law 104– 333 (54 U.S.C. 320101 note), as amended by section 116(b)(2) of Public Law 114–113, is amended in each of sections 203, 310, and 607, by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. (b) Section 140(j) of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2004 (54 U.S.C. 320101 note; Public Law 108–108; 117 Stat. 1280) is amended by striking ‘‘15 years’’ and inserting ‘‘17 years’’. 
PAYMENTS IN LIEU OF TAXES (PILT)  SEC. 118. Section 6906 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2008 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’. 
MORRISTOWN NATIONAL HISTORICAL PARK  SEC. 119. The first section of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the addition of lands to Morristown National Historical Park in the State of New Jersey, and for other purposes’’, approved September 18, 1964 (16 U.S.C. 409g), is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘, from a willing owner only,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to procure’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘615’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘715’’. 
SAGE GROUSE  SEC. 120. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior to write or issue pursuant to section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533)— (1) a proposed rule for greater sagegrouse (Centrocercus urophasianus); (2) a proposed rule for the Columbia basin distinct population segment of greater sage grouse. 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE  SEC. 121. (a) The following provisions of S. 1460 (Energy and Natural Resources Act of 2017) of the 115th Congress, as placed on the calendar of the Senate on June 29, 2017, are hereby enacted into law: (1) Section 7130 (Modification of the Second Division Memorial). (2) Section 7134 (Ste. Genevieve National Historical Park). (b) H.R. 1281 as introduced in the 115th Congress (A bill to extend the authorization of the Highlands Conservation Act) and H.R. 4134 as introduced in the 115th Congress (Cecil D. AndrusWhite Clouds Wilderness Redesignation Act) are hereby enacted into law. (c) In publishing this Act in slip form and in the United States Statutes at large pursuant to section 112 of title 1, United States Code, the Archivist of the United States shall include after the date of approval at the end an appendix setting forth the text of the sections of the bill and the bills referred to in subsections (a) and (b), respectively. MINERAL WITHDRAWAL SUBJECT TO VALID  
EXISTING RIGHTS  SEC. 122. (a) The mineral estate identified in Bureau of Land Management contracts number CA 20139 and CA 22901 is hereby withdrawn from all forms of mineral entry authority of the Secretary, subject to valid existing rights. TITLE II ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For science and technology, including research and development activities, which shall include research and development activities under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980; necessary expenses for personnel and related costs and travel expenses; procurement of laboratory equipment and supplies; and other operating expenses in support of research and development, $713,823,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That of the funds included under this heading, $4,100,000 shall be for Research: National Priorities as specified in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided further, That of unobligated balances from appropriations made available under this heading, $7,350,000 are permanently rescinded: Pro vided further, That no amounts may be rescinded pursuant to the preceding proviso from amounts made available in the first proviso for Research: National Priorities. ENVIRONMENTAL PROGRAMS AND MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For environmental programs and management, including necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, for personnel and related costs and travel expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; hire, maintenance, and operation of aircraft; purchase of reprints; library memberships in societies or associations which issue publications to members only or at a price to members lower than to subscribers who are not members; administrative costs of the brownfields program under the Small Business Liability Relief and Brownfields Revitalization Act of 2002; implementation of a coal combustion residual permit program under section 2301 of the Water and Waste Act of 2016; and not to exceed $19,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $2,643,299,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Pro vided, That of the funds included under this heading, $12,700,000 shall be for Environmental Protection: National Priorities as specified in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided further, That of the funds included under this heading, $447,857,000 shall be for Geographic Programs specified in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided further, That of the unobligated balances from appropriations made available under this heading, $45,300,000 are permanently rescinded: Provided further, That no amounts may be rescinded pursuant to the preceding proviso from amounts made available in the first proviso for Environmental Protection: National Priorities, from amounts made available in the second proviso for Geographic Programs, or from the National Estuary Program (33 U.S.C. 1330). 
In addition, $10,000,000 to remain available until expended, for necessary expenses of activities described in section 26(b)(1) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2625(b)(1)): Provided, That fees collected pursuant to that section of that Act and deposited in the ‘‘TSCA Service Fee Fund’’ as discretionary offsetting receipts in fiscal year 2018 shall be retained and used for necessary salaries and expenses in this appropriation and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated in this paragraph from the general fund for fiscal year 2018 shall be reduced by the amount of discretionary offsetting receipts received during fiscal year 2018, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That to the extent that amounts realized from such receipts exceed $10,000,000, those amount in excess of $10,000,000 shall be deposited in the ‘‘TSCA Service Fee Fund’’ as discretionary offsetting receipts in fiscal year 2018, shall be retained and used for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the funds included in the first paragraph under this heading, the Chemical Risk Review and Reduction program project shall be allocated for this fiscal year, excluding the amount of any fees appropriated, not less than the amount of appropriations for that program project for fiscal year 2014. HAZARDOUS WASTE ELECTRONIC MANIFEST  SYSTEM FUND For necessary expenses to carry out section 3024 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6939g), including the development, operation, maintenance, and upgrading of the hazardous waste electronic manifest system established by such section, $3,674,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as offsetting collections under such section 3024 are received during fiscal year 2018, which shall remain available until expended and be used for necessary expenses in this appropriation, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2018 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That to the extent such offsetting collections received in fiscal year 2018 exceed $3,674,000, those excess amounts shall remain available until expended and be used for necessary expenses in this appropriation. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $41,489,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For construction, repair, improvement, extension, alteration, and purchase of fixed equipment or facilities of, or for use by, the Environmental Protection Agency, $34,467,000, to remain available until expended. HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE SUPERFUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), including sections 111(c)(3), (c)(5), (c)(6), and (e)(4) (42 U.S.C. 9611) $1,091,947,000, to remain available until expended, consisting of such sums as are available in the Trust Fund on September 30, 2017, as authorized by section 517(a) of the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986 (SARA) and up to $1,091,947,000 as a payment from general revenues to the Hazardous Substance Superfund for purposes as authorized by section 517(b) of SARA: Pro vided, That funds appropriated under this heading may be allocated to other Federal agencies in accordance with section 111(a) of CERCLA: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, $8,778,000 shall be paid to the ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’ appropriation to remain available until September 30, 2019, and $15,496,000 shall be paid to the ‘‘Science and Technology’’ appropriation to remain available until September 30, 2019. LEAKING UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANKTRUST  FUNDPROGRAM  For necessary expenses to carry out leaking underground storage tank cleanup activities authorized by subtitle I of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, $91,941,000, to remain available until expended, of which $66,572,000 shall be for carrying out leaking underground storage tank cleanup activities authorized by section 9003(h) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act; $25,369,000 shall be for carrying out the other provisions of the Solid Waste Disposal Act specified in section 9508(c) of the Internal Revenue Code: Provided, That the Administrator is authorized to use appropriations made available under this heading to implement section 9013 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to provide financial assistance to federally recognized Indian tribes for the development and implementation of programs to manage underground storage tanks. INLAND OILSPILL PROGRAMS  For expenses necessary to carry out the Environmental Protection Agency’s responsibilities under the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $18,209,000, to be derived from the Oil Spill Liability trust fund, to remain available until expended. STATE AND TRIBAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS  For environmental programs and infrastructure assistance, including capitalization grants for State revolving funds and performance partnership grants, $3,562,161,000, to remain available until expended, of which— (1) $1,393,887,000 shall be for making capitalization grants for the Clean Water State Revolving Funds under title VI of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act; and of which $863,233,000 shall be for making capitalization grants for the Drinking Water State Revolving Funds under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act: Provided, That for fiscal year 2018, to the extent there are sufficient eligible project applications and projects are consistent with State Intended Use Plans, not less than 10 percent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Clean Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants shall be used by the State for projects to address green infrastructure, water or energy efficiency improvements, or other environmentally innovative activities: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, funds made available under this title to each State for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants may, at the discretion of each State, be used for projects to address green infrastructure, water or energy efficiency improvements, or other environmentally innovative activities: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 603(d)(7) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, the limitation on the amounts in a State water pollution control revolving fund that may be used by a State to administer the fund shall not apply to amounts included as principal in loans made by such fund in fiscal year 2018 and prior years where such amounts represent costs of administering the fund to the extent that such amounts are or were deemed reasonable by the Administrator, accounted for separately from other assets in the fund, and used for eligible purposes of the fund, including administration: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (g)(1), (h), and (l) of section 201 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, grants made under title II of such Act for American Samoa, Guam, the commonwealth of the Northern Marianas, the United States Virgin Islands, and the District of Columbia may also be made for the purpose of providing assistance: (1) solely for facility plans, design activities, or plans, specifications, and estimates for any proposed project for the construction of treatment works; and (2) for the construction, repair, or replacement of privately owned treatment works serving one or more principal residences or small commercial establishments: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, notwithstanding the provisions of such subsections (g)(1), (h), and (l) of section 201 and section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, funds reserved by the Administrator for grants under section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act may also be used to provide assistance: (1) solely for facility plans, design activities, or plans, specifications, and estimates for any proposed project for the construction of treatment works; and (2) for the construction, repair, or replacement of privately owned treatment works serving one or more principal residences or small commercial establishments: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, notwithstanding any provision of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act and regulations issued pursuant thereof, up to a total of $2,000,000 of the funds reserved by the Administrator for grants under section 518(c) of such Act may also be used for grants for training, technical assistance, and educational programs relating to the operation and management of the treatment works specified in section 518(c) of such Act: Pro vided further, That for fiscal year 2018, funds reserved under section 518(c) of such Act shall be available for grants only to Indian tribes, as defined in section 518(h) of such Act and former Indian reservations in Oklahoma (as determined by the Secretary of the Interior) and Native Villages as defined in Public Law 92–203: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, notwithstanding the limitation on amounts in section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, up to a total of 2 percent of the funds appropriated, or $30,000,000, whichever is greater, and notwithstanding the limitation on amounts in section 1452(i) of the Safe Drinking Water Act, up to a total of 2 percent of the funds appropriated, or $20,000,000, whichever is greater, for State Revolving Funds under such Acts may be reserved by the Administrator for grants under section 518(c) and section 1452(i) of such Acts: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, notwithstanding the amounts specified in section 205(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, up to 1.5 percent of the aggregate funds appropriated for the Clean Water State Revolving Fund program under the Act less any sums reserved under section 518(c) of the Act, may be reserved by the Administrator for grants made under title II of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act for American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas, and United States Virgin Islands: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2018, notwithstanding the limitations on amounts specified in section 1452(j) of the Safe Drinking Water Act, up to 1.5 percent of the funds appropriated for the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund programs under the Safe Drinking Water Act may be reserved by the Administrator for grants made under section 1452(j) of the Safe Drinking Water Act: Pro vided further, That 10 percent of the funds 
made available under this title to each State for Clean Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants and 20 percent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants shall be used by the State to provide additional subsidy to eligible recipients in the form of forgiveness of principal, negative interest loans, or grants (or any combination of these), and shall be so used by the State only where such funds are provided as initial financing for an eligible recipient or to buy, refinance, or restructure the debt obligations of eligible recipients only where such debt was incurred on or after the date of enactment of this Act, or where such debt was incurred prior to the date of enactment of this Act if the State, with concurrence from the Administrator, determines that such funds could be used to help address a threat to public health from heightened exposure to lead in drinking water or if a Federal or State emergency declaration has been issued due to a threat to public health from heightened exposure to lead in a municipal drinking water supply before the date of enactment of this Act: Pro vided further, That in a State in which such an emergency declaration has been issued, the State may use more than 20 percent of the funds made available under this title to the State for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants to provide additional subsidy to eligible recipients; (2) $10,000,000 shall be for architectural, engineering, planning, design, construction and related activities in connection with the construction of high priority water and wastewater facilities in the area of the United StatesMexico Border, after consultation with the appropriate border commission: Provided, That no funds provided by this appropriations Act to address the water, wastewater and other critical infrastructure needs of the colonias in the United States along the United StatesMexico border shall be made available to a county or municipal government unless that government has established an enforceable local ordinance, or other zoning rule, which prevents in that jurisdiction the development or construction of any additional colonia areas, or the development within an existing colonia the construction of any new home, business, or other structure which lacks water, wastewater, or other necessary infrastructure; (3) $20,000,000 shall be for grants to the State of Alaska to address drinking water and wastewater infrastructure needs of rural and Alaska Native Villages: Provided, That of these funds: (A) the State of Alaska shall provide a match of 25 percent; (B) no more than 5 percent of the funds may be used for administrative and overhead expenses; and (C) the State of Alaska shall make awards consistent with the Statewide priority list established in conjunction with the Agency and the U.S. Department of Agriculture for all water, sewer, waste disposal, and similar projects carried out by the State of Alaska that are funded under section 221 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1301) or the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1921 et seq.) which shall allocate not less than 25 percent of the funds provided for projects in regional hub communities; (4) $80,000,000 shall be to carry out section 104(k) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), including grants, interagency agreements, and associated program support costs: Provided, That not more than 25 percent of the amount appropriated to carry out section 104(k) of CERCLA shall be used for site characterization, assessment, and remediation of facilities described in section 101(39)(D)(ii)(II) of CERCLA: Provided further, That at least 10 percent shall be allocated for assistance in persistent poverty counties: Provided further, That for purposes of this section, the term ‘‘persistent poverty counties’’ means any county that has had 20 percent or more of its population living in poverty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1990 and 2000 decennial censuses and the most recent Small Area Income and Poverty Estimates; (5) $75,000,000 shall be for grants under title VII, subtitle G of the Energy Policy Act of 2005; (6) $40,000,000 shall be for targeted airshed grants in accordance with the terms and conditions in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act); (7) $4,000,000 shall be to carry out the water quality program authorized in section 5004(d) of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (Public Law 114–322); and (8) $1,076,041,000 shall be for grants, including associated program support costs, to States, federally recognized tribes, interstate agencies, tribal consortia, and air pollution control agencies for multimedia or single media pollution prevention, control and abatement and related activities, including activities pursuant to the provisions set forth under this heading in Public Law 104– 134, and for making grants under section 103 of the Clean Air Act for particulate matter monitoring and data collection activities subject to terms and conditions specified by the Administrator, of which: $47,745,000 shall be for carrying out section 128 of CERCLA; $9,646,000 shall be for Environmental Information Exchange Network grants, including associated program support costs; $1,498,000 shall be for grants to States under section 2007(f)(2) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, which shall be in addition to funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund Program’’ to carry out the provisions of the Solid Waste Disposal Act specified in section 9508(c) of the Internal Revenue Code other than section 9003(h) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act; $17,848,000 of the funds available for grants under section 106 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act shall be for State participation in national and State level statistical surveys of water resources and enhancements to State monitoring programs; $10,000,000 shall be for multipurpose grants, including interagency agreements: Provided, That hereafter, notwithstanding other applicable provisions of law, the funds appropriated for the Indian Environmental General Assistance Program shall be available to federally recognized tribes for solid waste and recovered materials collection, transportation, backhaul, and disposal services. WATER INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE AND  INNOVATION PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct loans and for the cost of guaranteed loans, as authorized by the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014, $5,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans, including capitalized interest, and total loan principal, including capitalized interest, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $610,000,000. In addition, fees authorized to be collected pursuant to sections 5029 and 5030 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 shall be deposited in this account, to remain available until expended. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, notwithstanding section 5033 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS — ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY  
FUNDS)  For fiscal year 2018, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 6303(1) and 6305(1), the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in carrying out the Agency’s function to implement directly Federal environmental programs required or authorized by law in the absence of an acceptable tribal program, may award cooperative agreements to federally recognized Indian tribes or Intertribal consortia, if authorized by their member tribes, to assist the Administrator in implementing Federal environmental programs for Indian tribes required or authorized by law, except that no such cooperative agreements may be awarded from funds designated for State financial assistance agreements. The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency is authorized to collect and obligate pesticide registration service fees in accordance with section 33 of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, as amended by Public Law 112–177, the Pesticide Registration Improvement Extension Act of 2012. Notwithstanding section 33(d)(2) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) (7 U.S.C. 136w– 8(d)(2)), the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency may assess fees under section 33 of FIFRA (7 U.S.C. 136w–8) for fiscal year 2018. The Administrator is authorized to transfer up to $300,000,000 of the funds appropriated for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative under the heading ‘‘Environmental Programs and Management’’ to the head of any Federal department or agency, with the concurrence of such head, to carry out activities that would support the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement programs, projects, or activities; to enter into an interagency agreement with the head of such Federal department or agency to carry out these activities; and to make grants to governmental entities, nonprofit organizations, institutions, and individuals for planning, research, monitoring, outreach, and implementation in furtherance of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement. The Science and Technology, Environmental Programs and Management, Office of Inspector General, Hazardous Substance Superfund, and Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund Program Accounts, are available for the construction, alteration, repair, rehabilitation, and renovation of facilities, provided that the cost does not exceed $150,000 per project. For fiscal year 2018, and notwithstanding section 518(f) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1377(f)), the Administrator is authorized to use the amounts appropriated for any fiscal year under section 319 of the Act to make grants to Indian tribes pursuant to sections 319(h) and 518(e) of that Act. The Administrator is authorized to use the amounts appropriated under the heading ‘‘Environmental Programs and Management’’ for fiscal year 2018 to provide grants to implement the Southeastern New England Watershed Restoration Program. Of the unobligated balances available for the ‘‘State and Tribal Assistance Grants’’ account, $96,198,000 are hereby permanently rescinded: Provided, That no amounts may be 
rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 or from amounts that were made available by subsection (a) of section 196 of the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2017 (division C of Public Law 114–223), as amended by the Further Continuing and Security Assistance Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 114– 254). Notwithstanding the limitations on amounts in section 320(i)(2)(B) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, not less than $1,000,000 of the funds made available under this title for the National Estuary Program shall be for making competitive awards described in section 320(g)(4). TITLE III RELATED AGENCIES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE FOREST SERVICE  
NATURAL RESOURCES AND ENVIRONMENT  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Natural Resources and Environment, $875,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to any agency in the Natural Resources and Environment mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the office. 
FOREST AND RANGELAND RESEARCH  For necessary expenses of forest and rangeland research as authorized by law, $297,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2021: Provided, That of the funds provided, $77,000,000 is for the forest inventory and analysis program. 
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of cooperating with and providing technical and financial assistance to States, territories, possessions, and others, and for forest health management, and conducting an international program as authorized, $335,525,000, to remain available through September 30, 2021, as authorized by law; of which $67,025,000 is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund to be used for the Forest Legacy Program, to remain available until expended. Of the unobligated balances from amounts made available for the Forest Legacy Program and derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund, $5,938,000 is hereby permanently rescinded from projects with cost savings or failed or partially failed projects that had funds returned: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM  For necessary expenses of the Forest Service, not otherwise provided for, for management, protection, improvement, and utilization of the National Forest System, and for hazardous fuels management on or adjacent to such lands, $1,923,750,000, to remain available through September 30, 2021: Provided, That of the funds provided, $40,000,000 shall be deposited in the Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Fund for ecological restoration treatments as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 7303(f): Provided further, That of the funds provided, $366,000,000 shall be for forest products: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $430,000,000 shall be for hazardous fuels management activities, of which not to exceed $15,000,000 may be used to make grants, using any authorities available to the Forest Service under the ‘‘State and Private Forestry’’ appropriation, for the purpose of creating incentives for increased use of biomass from National Forest System lands: Provided further, That $15,000,000 may be used by the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into procurement contracts or cooperative agreements or to issue grants for hazardous fuels management activities, and for training or monitoring associated with such hazardous fuels management activities on Federal land, or on nonFederal land if the Secretary determines such activities benefit resources on Federal land: Provided further, That funds made available to implement the Community Forestry Restoration Act, Public Law 106–393, title VI, shall be available for use on nonFederal lands in accordance with authorities made available to the Forest Service under the ‘‘State and Private Forestry’’ appropriations: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 33 of the Bankhead Jones Farm Tenant Act (7 U.S.C. 1012), the Secretary of Agriculture, in calculating a fee for grazing on a National Grassland, may provide a credit of up to 50 percent of the calculated fee to a Grazing Association or direct permittee for a conservation practice approved by the Secretary in advance of the fiscal year in which the cost of the conservation practice is incurred. And, that the amount credited shall remain available to the Grazing Association or the direct permittee, as appropriate, in the fiscal year in which the credit is made and each fiscal year thereafter for use on the project for conservation practices approved by the Secretary. CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT AND MAINTENANCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Forest Service, not otherwise provided for, $449,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2021, for construction, capital improvement, maintenance and acquisition of buildings and other facilities and infrastructure; and for construction, reconstruction, decommissioning of roads that are no longer needed, including unauthorized roads that are not part of the transportation system, and maintenance of forest roads and trails by the Forest Service as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 532–538 and 23 U.S.C. 101 and 205: Provided, That funds becoming available in fiscal year 2018 under the Act of March 4, 1913 (16 U.S.C. 501) shall be transferred to the General Fund of the Treasury and shall not be available for transfer or obligation for any other purpose unless the funds are appropriated. 
LAND ACQUISITION  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, including administrative expenses, and for acquisition of land or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with statutory authority applicable to the Forest Service, $64,337,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended. 
SPECIAL ACTS  For acquisition of lands within the exterior boundaries of the Cache, Uinta, and Wasatch National Forests, Utah; the Toiyabe National Forest, Nevada; and the Angeles, San Bernardino, Sequoia, and Cleveland National Forests, California; and the OzarkSt. Francis and Ouachita National Forests, Arkansas; as authorized by law, $850,000, to be derived from forest receipts. 
EXCHANGES  For acquisition of lands, such sums, to be derived from funds deposited by State, county, or municipal governments, public school districts, or other public school authorities, and for authorized expenditures from funds deposited by nonFederal parties pursuant to Land Sale and Exchange Acts, pursuant to the Act of December 4, 1967 (16 U.S.C. 484a), to remain available through September 30, 2021, (16 U.S.C. 516–617a, 555a; Public Law 96– 586; Public Law 76–589, 76–591; and Public Law 78–310). RANGE BETTERMENT FUND  For necessary expenses of range rehabilitation, protection, and improvement, 50 percent of all moneys received during the prior fiscal year, as fees for grazing domestic livestock on lands in National Forests in the 16 Western States, pursuant to section 401(b)(1) of Public Law 94–579, to remain available through September 30, 2021, of which not to exceed 6 percent shall be available for administrative expenses associated with on theground range rehabilitation, protection, and improvements. 
AND RANGELAND RESEARCH  For expenses authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1643(b), $45,000, to remain available through September 30, 2021, to be derived from the fund established pursuant to the above Act. 
SUBSISTENCE USES  For necessary expenses of the Forest Service to manage Federal lands in Alaska for subsistence uses under title VIII of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 3111 et seq.), $2,500,000, to remain available through September 30, 2021. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for forest fire presuppression activities on National Forest System lands, for emergency wildland fire suppression on or adjacent to such lands or other lands under fire protection agreement, and for emergency rehabilitation of burned over National Forest System lands and water, $2,880,338,000, to remain available through September 30, 2021: Provided, That such funds including unobligated balances under this heading, are available for repayment of advances from other appropriations accounts previously transferred for such purposes: Provided further, That any unobligated funds appropriated in a previous fiscal year for hazardous fuels management may be transferred to the ‘‘National Forest System’’ account: Provided further, That such funds shall be available to reimburse State and other cooperating entities for services provided in response to wildfire and other emergencies or disasters to the extent such reimbursements by the Forest Service for non fire emergencies are fully repaid by the responsible emergency management agency: Provided further, That funds provided shall be available for support to Federal emergency response: Provided further, That the costs of implementing any cooperative agreement between the Federal Government and any non Federal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided further, That funds designated for wildfire suppression, shall be assessed for cost pools on the same basis as such assessments are calculated against other agency programs: Provided further, That the $65,000,000 made available under this heading in the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235) for the purpose of acquiring aircraft for the next generation airtanker fleet shall instead be available until expended for the purpose of enhancing firefighting mobility, effectiveness, efficiency, and safety. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  Appropriations to the Forest Service for the current fiscal year shall be available for: (1) purchase of passenger motor vehicles; acquisition of passenger motor vehicles from excess sources, and hire of such vehicles; purchase, lease, operation, maintenance, and acquisition of aircraft to maintain the operable fleet for use in Forest Service wildland fire programs and other Forest Service programs; notwithstanding other provisions of law, existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with proceeds derived or tradein value used to offset the purchase price for the replacement aircraft; (2) services pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2225, and not to exceed $100,000 for employment under 5 U.S.C. 3109; (3) purchase, erection, and alteration of buildings and other public improvements (7 U.S.C. 2250); (4) acquisition of land, waters, and interests therein pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 428a; (5) for expenses pursuant to the Volunteers in the National Forest Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 558a, 558d, and 558a note); (6) the cost of uniforms as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; and (7) for debt collection contracts in accordance with 31 U.S.C. 3718(c). Any appropriations or funds available to the Forest Service may be transferred to the Wildland Fire Management appropriation for forest firefighting, emergency rehabilitation of burnedover or damaged lands or waters under its jurisdiction, and fire preparedness due to severe burning conditions upon the Secretary’s notification of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations that all fire suppression funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’ will be obligated within 30 days: Provided, That all funds used pursuant to this paragraph must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation which must be requested as promptly as possible. Not more than $50,000,000 of funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for expenditure or transfer to the Department of the Interior for wildland fire management, hazardous fuels management, and State fire assistance when such transfers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Forest Service may transfer unobligated balances of discretionary funds appropriated to the Forest Service by this Act to or within the National Forest System Account, or reprogram funds to be used for the purposes of hazardous fuels management and urgent rehabilitation of burnedover National Forest System lands and water, such transferred funds shall remain available through September 30, 2021: Provided, That none of the funds transferred pursuant to this section shall be available for obligation without written notification to and the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That this section does not apply to funds appropriated to the FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Fund or funds derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for assistance to or through the Agency for International Development in connection with forest and rangeland research, technical information, and assistance in foreign countries, and shall be available to support forestry and related natural resource activities outside the United States and its territories and possessions, including technical assistance, education and training, and cooperation with U.S., private, and international organizations. The Forest Service, acting for the International Program, may sign direct funding agreements with foreign governments and institutions as well as other domestic agencies (including the U.S. Agency for International Development, the Department of State, and the Millennium Challenge Corporation), U.S. private sector firms, institutions and organizations to provide technical assistance and training programs overseas on forestry and rangeland management. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for expenditure or transfer to the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land Management, for removal, preparation, and adoption of excess wild horses and burros from National Forest System lands, and for the performance of cadastral surveys to designate the boundaries of such lands. None of the funds made available to the Forest Service in this Act or any other Act with respect to any fiscal year shall be subject to transfer under the provisions of section 702(b) of the Department of Agriculture Organic Act of 1944 (7 U.S.C. 2257), section 442 of Public Law 106–224 (7 U.S.C. 7772), or section 10417(b) of Public Law 107–171 (7 U.S.C. 8316(b)). None of the funds available to the Forest Service may be reprogrammed without the advance approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations in accordance with the reprogramming procedures contained in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). Not more than $82,000,000 of funds available to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Working Capital Fund of the Department of Agriculture and not more than $14,500,000 of funds available to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Department of Agriculture for Department Reimbursable Programs, commonly referred to as Greenbook charges. Nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit or limit the use of reimbursable agreements requested by the Forest Service in order to obtain services from the Department of Agriculture’s National Information Technology Center and the Department of Agriculture’s International Technology Service. Of the funds available to the Forest Service, up to $5,000,000 shall be available for priority projects within the scope of the approved budget, which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps and shall be carried out under the authority of the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 (16 U.S.C. 1721 et seq.). Of the funds available to the Forest Service, $4,000 is available to the Chief of the Forest Service for official reception and representation expenses. Pursuant to sections 405(b) and 410(b) of Public Law 101–593, of the funds available to the Forest Service, up to $3,000,000 may be advanced in a lump sum to the National Forest Foundation to aid conservation partnership projects in support of the Forest Service mission, without regard to when the Foundation incurs expenses, for projects on or benefitting National Forest System lands or related to Forest Service programs: Provided, That of the Federal funds made available to the Foundation, no more than $300,000 shall be available for administrative expenses: Provided further, That the Foundation shall obtain, by the end of the period of Federal financial assistance, private contributions to match funds made available by the Forest Service on at least a oneforone basis: Pro vided further, That the Foundation may transfer Federal funds to a Federal or a non Federal recipient for a project at the same rate that the recipient has obtained the non Federal matching funds. Pursuant to section 2(b)(2) of Public Law 98–244, up to $3,000,000 of the funds available to the Forest Service may be advanced to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation in a lump sum to aid costshare conservation projects, without regard to when expenses are incurred, on or benefitting National Forest System lands or related to Forest Service programs: Provided, That such funds shall be matched on at least a oneforone basis by the Foundation or its subrecipients: Pro vided further, That the Foundation may transfer Federal funds to a Federal or non Federal recipient for a project at the same rate that the recipient has obtained the non Federal matching funds. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for interactions with and providing technical assistance to rural communities and natural resourcebased businesses for sustainable rural development purposes. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for payments to counties within the Columbia River Gorge National Scenic Area, pursuant to section 14(c)(1) and (2), and section 16(a)(2) of Public Law 99–663. Any funds appropriated to the Forest Service may be used to meet the nonFederal share requirement in section 502(c) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3056(c)(2)). The Forest Service shall not assess funds for the purpose of performing fire, administrative, and other facilities maintenance and decommissioning. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of any appropriations or funds available to the Forest Service, not to exceed $500,000 may be used to reimburse the Office of the General Counsel (OGC), Department of Agriculture, for travel and related expenses incurred as a result of OGC assistance or participation requested by the Forest Service at meetings, training sessions, management reviews, land purchase negotiations and similar matters unrelated to civil litigation. Future budget justifications for both the Forest Service and the Department of Agriculture should clearly display the sums previously transferred and the sums requested for transfer. An eligible individual who is employed in any project funded under title V of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3056 et seq.) and administered by the Forest Service shall be considered to be a Federal employee for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, through the Office of Budget and Program Analysis, the Forest Service shall report no later than 30 business days following the close of each fiscal quarter all current and prior year unobligated balances, by fiscal year, budget line item and account, to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. The Forest Service shall submit, through the Office of Budget and Program Analysis, to the Office of Management and Budget a proposed system of administrative control of funds for its accounts, as described in 31 U.S.C. 1514, not later than June 21, 2018. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE  
INDIAN HEALTH SERVICES  For expenses necessary to carry out the Act of August 5, 1954 (68 Stat. 674), the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act, the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to the Indian Health Service, $3,952,290,000, together with payments received during the fiscal year pursuant to sections 231(b) and 233 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 238(b), 238b), for services furnished by the Indian Health Service: Provided, That funds 
made available to tribes and tribal organizations through contracts, grant agreements, or any other agreements or compacts authorized by the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450), shall be deemed to be obligated at the time of the grant or contract award and thereafter shall remain available to the tribe or tribal organization without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That $2,000,000 shall be available for grants or contracts with public or private institutions to provide alcohol or drug treatment services to Indians, including alcohol detoxification services: Provided further, That $962,695,000 for Purchased/Referred Care, including $53,000,000 for the Indian Catastrophic Health Emergency Fund, shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the funds provided, up to $36,000,000 shall remain available until expended for implementation of the loan repayment program under section 108 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $11,000,000 shall remain available until expended to supplement funds available for operational costs at tribal clinics operated under an Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act compact or contract where health care is delivered in space acquired through a full service lease, which is not eligible for maintenance and improvement and equipment funds from the Indian Health Service, and $58,000,000 shall be for costs related to or resulting from accreditation emergencies, of which up to $4,000,000 may be used to supplement amounts otherwise available for Purchased/Referred Care: Provided further, That the amounts collected by the Federal Government as authorized by sections 104 and 108 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act (25 U.S.C. 1613a and 1616a) during the preceding fiscal year for breach of contracts shall be deposited to the Fund authorized by section 108A of that Act (25 U.S.C. 1616a–1) and shall remain available until expended and, notwithstanding section 108A(c) of that Act (25 U.S.C. 1616a–1(c)), funds shall be available to make new awards under the loan repayment and scholarship programs under sections 104 and 108 of that Act (25 U.S.C. 1613a and 1616a): Provided further, That the amounts made available within this account for the Substance Abuse and Suicide Prevention Program, for the Domestic Violence Prevention Program, for the Zero Suicide Initiative, for the housing subsidy authority for civilian employees, for aftercare pilot programs at Youth Regional Treatment Centers, to improve collections from public and private insurance at Indian Health Service and tribally operated facilities, and for accreditation emergencies shall be allocated at the discretion of the Director of the Indian Health Service and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That funds provided in this Act may be used for annual contracts and grants for which the performance period falls within 2 fiscal years, provided the total obligation is recorded in the year the funds are appropriated: Provided further, That the amounts collected by the Secretary of Health and Human Services under the authority of title IV of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall remain available until expended for the purpose of achieving compliance with the applicable conditions and requirements of titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act, except for those related to the planning, design, or construction of new facilities: Provided further, That funding contained herein for scholarship programs under the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That amounts received by tribes and tribal organizations under title IV of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall be reported and accounted for and available to the receiving tribes and tribal organizations until expended: Provided further, That the Bureau of Indian Affairs may collect from the Indian Health Service, and from tribes and tribal organizations operating health facilities pursuant to Public Law 93–638, such individually identifiable health information relating to disabled children as may be necessary for the purpose of carrying out its functions under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.): Provided further, That of the funds provided, $72,280,000 is for the Indian Health Care Improvement Fund and may be used, as needed, to carry out activities typically funded under the Indian Health Facilities account: Provided further, That the accreditation emergency funds may be used, as needed, to carry out activities typically funded under the Indian Health Facilities account. 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS  For payments to tribes and tribal organizations for contract support costs associated with Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act agreements with the Indian Health Service for fiscal year 2018, such sums as may be necessary: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to another budget account. 
INDIAN HEALTH FACILITIES  For construction, repair, maintenance, improvement, and equipment of health and related auxiliary facilities, including quarters for personnel; preparation of plans, specifications, and drawings; acquisition of sites, purchase and erection of modular buildings, and purchases of trailers; and for provision of domestic and community sanitation facilities for Indians, as authorized by section 7 of the Act of August 5, 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2004a), the Indian SelfDetermination Act, and the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, and for expenses necessary to carry out such Acts and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to environmental health and facilities support activities of the Indian Health Service, $867,504,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated for the planning, design, construction, renovation or expansion of health facilities for the benefit of an Indian tribe or tribes may be used to purchase land on which such facilities will be located: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 may be used by the Indian Health Service to purchase TRANSAM equipment from the Department of Defense for distribution to the Indian Health Service and tribal facilities: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated to the Indian Health Service may be used for sanitation facilities construction for new homes funded with grants by the housing programs of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development: Provided further, That not to exceed $2,700,000 from this account and the ‘‘Indian Health Services’’ account may be used by the Indian Health Service to obtain ambulances for the Indian Health Service and tribal facilities in conjunction with an existing interagency agreement between the Indian Health Service and the General Services Administration: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 may be placed in a Demolition Fund, to remain available until expended, and be used by the Indian Health Service for the demolition of Federal buildings. 
SERVICE  Appropriations provided in this Act to the Indian Health Service shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 at rates not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the maximum rate payable for senior level positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376; hire of passenger motor vehicles and aircraft; purchase of medical equipment; purchase of reprints; purchase, renovation and erection of modular buildings and renovation of existing facilities; payments for telephone service in private residences in the field, when authorized under regulations approved by the Secretary of Health and Human Services; uniforms or allowances therefor as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; and for expenses of attendance at meetings that relate to the functions or activities of the Indian Health Service: Provided, That in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, nonIndian patients may be extended health care at all tribally administered or Indian Health Service facilities, subject to charges, and the proceeds along with funds recovered under the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651–2653) shall be credited to the account of the facility providing the service and shall be available without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other law or regulation, funds transferred from the Department of Housing and Urban Development to the Indian Health Service shall be administered under Public Law 86–121, the Indian Sanitation Facilities Act and Public Law 93– 638: Provided further, That funds appropriated to the Indian Health Service in this Act, except those used for administrative and program direction purposes, shall not be subject to limitations directed at curtailing Federal travel and transportation: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used for any assessments or charges by the Department of Health and Human Services unless identified in the budget justification and provided in this Act, or approved by the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations through the reprogramming process: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds previously or herein made available to a tribe or tribal organization through a contract, grant, or agreement authorized by title I or title V of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5321 et seq. (title I), 5381 et seq. (title V)), may be deobligated and reobligated to a selfdetermination contract under title I, or a self governance agreement under title V of such Act and thereafter shall remain available to the tribe or tribal organization without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used to implement the final rule published in the Federal Register on September 16, 1987, by the Department of Health and Human Services, relating to the eligibility for the health care services of the Indian Health Service until the Indian Health Service has submitted a budget request reflecting the increased costs associated with the proposed final rule, and such request has been included in an appropriations Act and enacted into law: Provided further, That with respect to functions transferred by the Indian Health Service to tribes or tribal organizations, the Indian Health Service is authorized to provide goods and services to those entities on a reimbursable basis, including payments in advance with subsequent adjustment, and the reimbursements received therefrom, along with the funds received from those entities pursuant to the Indian SelfDetermination Act, may be credited to the same or subsequent appropriation account from which the funds were originally derived, with such amounts to remain available until expended: Provided further, That reimbursements for 
training, technical assistance, or services provided by the Indian Health Service will contain total costs, including direct, administrative, and overhead costs associated with the provision of goods, services, or technical assistance: Provided further, That the Indian Health Service may provide to civilian medical personnel serving in hospitals operated by the Indian Health Service housing allowances equivalent to those that would be provided to members of the Commissioned Corps of the United States Public Health Service serving in similar positions at such hospitals: Provided further, That the appropriation structure for the Indian Health Service may not be altered without advance notification to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
HEALTH SCIENCES  For necessary expenses for the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences in carrying out activities set forth in section 311(a) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9660(a)) and section 126(g) of the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, $77,349,000. AGENCY FOR TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND DISEASE  REGISTRY  
PUBLIC HEALTH  For necessary expenses for the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR) in carrying out activities set forth in sections 104(i) and 111(c)(4) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA) and section 3019 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, $74,691,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, in lieu of performing a health assessment under section 104(i)(6) of CERCLA, the Administrator of ATSDR may conduct other appropriate health studies, evaluations, or activities, including, without limitation, biomedical testing, clinical evaluations, medical monitoring, and referral to accredited healthcare providers: Provided further, That in performing any such health assessment or health study, evaluation, or activity, the Administrator of ATSDR shall not be bound by the deadlines in section 104(i)(6)(A) of CERCLA: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for ATSDR to issue in excess of 40 toxicological profiles pursuant to section 104(i) of CERCLA during fiscal year 2018, and existing profiles may be updated as necessary. OTHER RELATED AGENCIES EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
OFFICE OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY  For necessary expenses to continue functions assigned to the Council on Environmental Quality and Office of Environmental Quality pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, the Environmental Quality Improvement Act of 1970, and Reorganization Plan No. 1 of 1977, and not to exceed $750 for official reception and representation expenses, $3,000,000: Provided, That notwithstanding section 202 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1970, the Council shall consist of one member, appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, serving as chairman and exercising all powers, functions, and duties of the Council. CHEMICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD INVESTIGATION  BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses in carrying out activities pursuant to section 112(r)(6) of the Clean Air Act, including hire of passenger vehicles, uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902, and for services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem equivalent to the maximum rate payable for senior level positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376, $11,000,000: Provided, That the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board (Board) shall have not more than three career Senior Executive Service positions: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the individual appointed to the position of Inspector General of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) shall, by virtue of such appointment, also hold the position of Inspector General of the Board: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Inspector General of the Board shall utilize personnel of the Office of Inspector General of EPA in performing the duties of the Inspector General of the Board, and shall not appoint any individuals to positions within the Board. OFFICE OF NAVAJO AND HOPIINDIAN  RELOCATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation as authorized by Public Law 93–531, $15,431,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds provided in this or any other appropriations Act are to be used to relocate eligible individuals and groups including evictees from District 6, Hopipartitioned lands residents, those in significantly substandard housing, and all others certified as eligible and not included in the preceding categories: Provided further, That none of the funds contained in this or any other Act may be used by the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation to evict any single Navajo or Navajo family who, as of November 30, 1985, was physically domiciled on the lands partitioned to the Hopi Tribe unless a new or replacement home is provided for such household: Provided further, That no relocatee will be provided with more than one new or replacement home: Provided further, That the Office shall relocate any certified eligible relocatees who have selected and received an approved homesite on the Navajo reservation or selected a replacement residence off the Navajo reservation or on the land acquired pursuant to section 11 of Public Law 93–531 (88 Stat. 1716). INSTITUTE OF AMERICAN INDIAN AND ALASKA  NATIVE CULTURE AND ARTSDEVELOPMENT  
PAYMENT TO THE INSTITUTE  For payment to the Institute of American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development, as authorized by part A of title XV of Public Law 99–498 (20 U.S.C. 4411 et seq.), $9,835,000, which shall become available on July 1, 2018, and shall remain available until September 30, 2019. SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Smithsonian Institution, as authorized by law, including research in the fields of art, science, and history; development, preservation, and documentation of the National Collections; presentation of public exhibits and performances; collection, preparation, dissemination, and exchange of information and publications; conduct of education, training, and museum assistance programs; maintenance, alteration, operation, lease agreements of no more than 30 years, and protection of buildings, facilities, and approaches; not to exceed $100,000 for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and purchase, rental, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for employees, $731,444,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $6,908,000 for the instrumentation program, collections acquisition, exhibition reinstallation, and the repatriation of skeletal remains program shall remain available until expended; and including such funds as may be necessary to support American overseas research centers: Provided, That funds appropriated herein are available for advance payments to independent contractors performing research services or participating in official Smithsonian presentations. FACILITIES CAPITAL  For necessary expenses of repair, revitalization, and alteration of facilities owned or occupied by the Smithsonian Institution, by contract or otherwise, as authorized by section 2 of the Act of August 22, 1949 (63 Stat. 623), and for construction, including necessary personnel, $311,903,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $10,000 shall be for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. NATIONAL GALLERY OF ART 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the upkeep and operations of the National Gallery of Art, the protection and care of the works of art therein, and administrative expenses incident thereto, as authorized by the Act of March 24, 1937 (50 Stat. 51), as amended by the public resolution of April 13, 1939 (Public Resolution 9, Seventy sixth Congress), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; payment in advance when authorized by the treasurer of the Gallery for membership in library, museum, and art associations or societies whose publications or services are available to members only, or to members at a price lower than to the general public; purchase, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for guards, and uniforms, or allowances therefor, for other employees as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901– 5902); purchase or rental of devices and services for protecting buildings and contents thereof, and maintenance, alteration, improvement, and repair of buildings, approaches, and grounds; and purchase of services for restoration and repair of works of art for the National Gallery of Art by contracts made, without advertising, with individuals, firms, or organizations at such rates or prices and under such terms and conditions as the Gallery may deem proper, $141,790,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which not to exceed $3,620,000 for the special exhibition program shall remain available until expended. 
BUILDINGS  For necessary expenses of repair, restoration and renovation of buildings, grounds and facilities owned or occupied by the National Gallery of Art, by contract or otherwise, for operating lease agreements of no more than 10 years, with no extensions or renewals beyond the 10 years, that address space needs created by the ongoing renovations in the Master Facilities Plan, as authorized, $24,203,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That contracts awarded for environmental systems, protection systems, and exterior repair or renovation of buildings of the National Gallery of Art may be negotiated with selected contractors and awarded on the basis of contractor qualifications as well as price. JOHNF. K ENNEDY CENTER FOR THE  PERFORMING ARTS 
OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE  For necessary expenses for the operation, maintenance and security of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $23,740,000. 
CAPITAL REPAIR AND RESTORATION  For necessary expenses for capital repair and restoration of the existing features of the building and site of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $16,775,000, to remain available until expended. WOODROW WILSON INTERNATIONAL CENTER FOR  SCHOLARS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary in carrying out the provisions of the Woodrow Wilson Memorial Act of 1968 (82 Stat. 1356) including hire of passenger vehicles and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $12,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  HUMANITIES  NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS 
GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965, $152,849,000 shall be available to the National Endowment for the Arts for the support of projects and productions in the arts, including arts education and public outreach activities, through assistance to organizations and individuals pursuant to section 5 of the Act, for program support, and for administering the functions of the Act, to remain available until expended. NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE HUMANITIES  
GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965, $152,848,000 to remain available until expended, of which $141,548,000 shall be available for support of activities in the humanities, pursuant to section 7(c) of the Act and for administering the functions of the Act; and $11,300,000 shall be available to carry out the matching grants program pursuant to section 10(a)(2) of the Act, including $9,100,000 for the purposes of section 7(h): Provided, That appropriations for carrying out section 10(a)(2) shall be available for obligation only in such amounts as may be equal to the total amounts of gifts, bequests, devises of money, and other property accepted by the chairman or by grantees of the National Endowment for the Humanities under the provisions of sections 11(a)(2)(B) and 11(a)(3)(B) during the current and preceding fiscal years for which equal amounts have not previously been appropriated. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  None of the funds appropriated to the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities may be used to process any grant or contract documents which do not include the text of 18 U.S.C. 1913: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated to the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities may be used for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That funds from nonappropriated sources may be used as necessary for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts may approve grants of up to $10,000, if in the aggregate the amount of such grants does not exceed 5 percent of the sums appropriated for grantmaking purposes per year: Provided further, That such small grant actions are taken pursuant to the terms of an expressed and direct delegation of authority from the National Council on the Arts to the Chairperson. COMMISSION OF FINEARTS 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses of the Commission of Fine Arts under chapter 91 of title 40, United States Code, $2,762,000: Provided, That the Commission is authorized to charge fees to cover the full costs of its publications, and such fees shall be credited to this account as an offsetting collection, to remain available until expended without further appropriation: Provided further, That the Commission is authorized to accept gifts, including objects, papers, artwork, drawings and artifacts, that pertain to the history and design of the Nation’s Capital or the history and activities of the Commission of Fine Arts, for the purpose of artistic display, study , or edu cation: Provided further, That onetenth of one percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for official reception and representation expenses. NATIONAL CAPITAL ARTS AND CULTURAL  
AFFAIRS  For necessary expenses as authorized by Public Law 99–190 (20 U.S.C. 956a), $2,750,000. ADVISORY COUNCIL ON HISTORIC  PRESERVATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation (Public Law 89–665), $6,400,000. NATIONAL CAPITAL PLANNING COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the National Capital Planning Commission under chapter 87 of title 40, United States Code, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $8,099,000: Provided, That onequarter of 1 percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for official reception and representational expenses associated with hosting international visitors engaged in the planning and physical development of world capitals. UNITED STATES HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL  MUSEUM  
HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MUSEUM  For expenses of the Holocaust Memorial Museum, as authorized by Public Law 106–292 (36 U.S.C. 2301–2310), $59,000,000, of which $1,715,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, for the Museum’s equipment replacement program; and of which $4,000,000 for the Museum’s repair and rehabilitation program and $1,264,000 for the Museum’s outreach initiatives program shall remain available until expended. DWIGHT D. E ISENHOWER MEMORIAL  COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial Commission, $1,800,000, to remain available until expended. 
CAPITAL CONSTRUCTION  For necessary expenses of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial Commission for design and construction of a memorial in honor of Dwight D. Eisenhower, as authorized by Public Law 106–79, $45,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the contract with respect to the procurement shall contain the ‘‘availability of funds’’ clause described in section 52.232.18 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations: Provided further, That the funds appropriated herein shall be deemed to satisfy the criteria for issuing a permit contained in 40 U.S.C. 8906(a)(4) and (b). 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Women’s Suffrage Centennial Commission, as authorized by the Women’s Suffrage Centennial Commission Act (section 431(a)(3) of division G of Public Law 115–31), $1,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  Notwithstanding section 9 of the World War I Centennial Commission Act, as authorized by the World War I Centennial Commission Act (Public Law 112–272) and the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), for necessary expenses of the World War I Centennial Commission, $7,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That in addition to the authority provided by section 6(g) of such Act, the World War I Commission may accept money, inkind personnel services, contractual support, or any appropriate support from any executive branch agency for activities of the Commission. TITLE IV GENERAL PROVISIONS (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
RESTRICTION ON USE OF FUNDS  SEC. 401. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available for any activity or the publication or distribution of literature that in any way tends to promote public support or opposition to any legislative proposal on which Congressional action is not complete other than to communicate to Members of Congress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913. 
OBLIGATION OF APPROPRIATIONS  SEC. 402. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. 
DISCLOSURE OF ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  SEC. 403. The amount and basis of estimated overhead charges, deductions, reserves or holdbacks, including working capital fund and cost pool charges, from programs, projects, activities and subactivities to support governmentwide, departmental, agency, or bureau administrative functions or headquarters, regional, or central operations shall be presented in annual budget justifications and subject to approval by the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. Changes to such estimates shall be presented to the Committees on Appropriations for approval. 
MINING APPLICATIONS  SEC. 404. (a) L IMITATION OF FUNDS .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to this Act shall be obligated or expended to accept or process applications for a patent for any mining or mill site claim located under the general mining laws. (b) EXCEPTIONS .—Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of the Interior determines that, for the claim concerned (1) a patent application was filed with the Secretary on or before September 30, 1994; and (2) all requirements established under sections 2325 and 2326 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 29 and 30) for vein or lode claims, sections 2329, 2330, 2331, and 2333 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 35, 36, and 37) for placer claims, and section 2337 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 42) for mill site claims, as the case may be, were fully complied with by the applicant by that date. (c) REPORT .—On September 30, 2019, the Secretary of the Interior shall file with the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report on actions taken by the Department under the plan submitted pursuant to section 314(c) of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1997 (Public Law 104–208). (d) MINERAL EXAMINATIONS .—In order to process patent applications in a timely and responsible manner, upon the request of a patent applicant, the Secretary of the Interior shall allow the applicant to fund a qualified thirdparty contractor to be selected by 
the Director of the Bureau of Land Management to conduct a mineral examination of the mining claims or mill sites contained in a patent application as set forth in subsection (b). The Bureau of Land Management shall have the sole responsibility to choose and pay the thirdparty contractor in accordance with the standard procedures employed by the Bureau of Land Management in the retention of thirdparty contractors. 
LIMITATION  SEC. 405. Sections 405 and 406 of division F of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235) shall continue in effect in fiscal year 2018. 
LIMITATION  SEC. 406. Amounts provided by this Act for fiscal year 2018 under the headings ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services, Indian Health Service, Contract Support Costs’’ and ‘‘Department of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, Contract Support Costs’’ are the only amounts available for contract support costs arising out of selfdetermination or selfgovernance contracts, grants, compacts, or annual funding agreements for fiscal year 2018 with the Bureau of Indian Affairs or the Indian Health Service: Provided, That such amounts provided by this Act are not available for payment of claims for contract support costs for prior years, or for repayments of payments for settlements or judgments awarding contract support costs for prior years. 
FOREST MANAGEMENT PLANS  SEC. 407. The Secretary of Agriculture shall not be considered to be in violation of section 6(f)(5)(A) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604(f)(5)(A)) solely because more than 15 years have passed without revision of the plan for a unit of the National Forest System. Nothing in this section exempts the Secretary from any other requirement of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act (16 U.S.C. 1600 et seq.) or any other law: Provided, That if the Secretary is not acting expeditiously and in good faith, within the funding available, to revise a plan for a unit of the National Forest System, this section shall be void with respect to such plan and a court of proper jurisdiction may order completion of the plan on an accelerated basis. 
PROHIBITION WITHIN NATIONAL MONUMENTS  SEC. 408. No funds provided in this Act may be expended to conduct preleasing, leasing and related activities under either the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) or the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.) within the boundaries of a National Monument established pursuant to the Act of June 8, 1906 (16 U.S.C. 431 et seq.) as such boundary existed on January 20, 2001, except where such activities are allowed under the Presidential proclamation establishing such monument. 
LIMITATION ON TAKINGS  SEC. 409. Unless otherwise provided herein, no funds appropriated in this Act for the acquisition of lands or interests in lands may be expended for the filing of declarations of taking or complaints in condemnation without the approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That this provision shall not apply to funds appropriated to implement the Everglades National Park Protection and Expansion Act of 1989, or to funds appropriated for Federal assistance to the State of Florida to acquire lands for Everglades restoration purposes. 
TIMBER SALE REQUIREMENTS  SEC. 410. No timber sale in Alaska’s Region 10 shall be advertised if the indicated rate is deficit (defined as the value of the timber is not sufficient to cover all logging and stumpage costs and provide a normal profit and risk allowance under the Forest Service’s appraisal process) when appraised using a residual value appraisal. The western red cedar timber from those sales which is surplus to the needs of the domestic processors in Alaska, shall be made available to domestic processors in the contiguous 48 United States at prevailing domestic prices. All additional western red cedar volume not sold to Alaska or contiguous 48 United States domestic processors may be exported to foreign markets at the election of the timber sale holder. All Alaska yellow cedar may be sold at prevailing export prices at the election of the timber sale holder. PROHIBITION ON NO BID CONTRACTS  SEC. 411. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act to executive branch agencies may be used to enter into any Federal contract unless such contract is entered into in accordance with the requirements of Chapter 33 of title 41, United States Code, or Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation, unless— (1) Federal law specifically authorizes a contract to be entered into without regard for these requirements, including formula grants for States, or federally recognized Indian tribes; or (2) such contract is authorized by the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (Public Law 93–638, 25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.) or by any other Federal laws that specifically authorize a contract within an Indian tribe as defined in section 4(e) of that Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(e)); or (3) such contract was awarded prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
POSTING OF REPORTS  SEC. 412. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public website of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report compromises national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such report shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Committee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. 
GUIDELINES  SEC. 413. Of the funds provided to the National Endowment for the Arts— (1) The Chairperson shall only award a grant to an individual if such grant is awarded to such individual for a literature fellowship, National Heritage Fellowship, or American Jazz Masters Fellowship. (2) The Chairperson shall establish procedures to ensure that no funding provided through a grant, except a grant made to a State or local arts agency, or regional group, may be used to make a grant to any other organization or individual to conduct activity independent of the direct grant recipient. Nothing in this subsection shall prohibit payments made in exchange for goods and services. (3) No grant shall be used for seasonal support to a group, unless the application is specific to the contents of the season, including identified programs or projects. NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS PROGRAM  
PRIORITIES  SEC. 414. (a) In providing services or awarding financial assistance under the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965 from funds appropriated under this Act, the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts shall ensure that priority is given to providing services or awarding financial assistance for projects, productions, workshops, or programs that serve underserved populations. (b) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘underserved population’’ means a population of individuals, including urban minorities, who have historically been outside the purview of arts and humanities programs due to factors such as a high incidence of income below the poverty line or to geographic isolation. (2) The term ‘‘poverty line’’ means the poverty line (as defined by the Office of Management and Budget, and revised annually in accordance with section 673(2) of the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902(2))) applicable to a family of the size involved. (c) In providing services and awarding financial assistance under the National Foundation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965 with funds appropriated by this Act, the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts shall ensure that priority is given to providing services or awarding financial assistance for projects, productions, workshops, or programs that will encourage public knowledge, education, understanding, and appreciation of the arts. (d) With funds appropriated by this Act to carry out section 5 of the National Foundation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965— (1) the Chairperson shall establish a grant category for projects, productions, workshops, or programs that are of national impact or availability or are able to tour several States; (2) the Chairperson shall not make grants exceeding 15 percent, in the aggregate, of such funds to any single State, excluding grants made under the authority of paragraph (1); (3) the Chairperson shall report to the Congress annually and by State, on grants awarded by the Chairperson in each grant category under section 5 of such Act; and (4) the Chairperson shall encourage the use of grants to improve and support communitybased music performance and education. 
STATUS OF BALANCES OF APPROPRIATIONS  SEC. 415. The Department of the Interior, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Forest Service, and the Indian Health Service shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate quarterly reports on the status of balances of appropriations including all uncommitted, committed, and unobligated funds in each program and activity. 
PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS  SEC. 416. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds made available in this Act or any other Act may be used to promulgate or implement any regulation requiring the issuance of permits under title V of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7661 et seq.) for carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide, water vapor, or methane emissions resulting from biological processes associated with livestock production. 
GREENHOUSE GAS REPORTING RESTRICTIONS  SEC. 417. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to implement any provision in a rule, if that provision requires mandatory reporting of 
FUNDING PROHIBITION  SEC. 418. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to regulate the lead content of ammunition, ammunition components, or fishing tackle under the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) or any other law. 
CONTRACTING AUTHORITIES  SEC. 419. Section 412 of Division E of Public Law 112–74 is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’. 
CHESAPEAKE BAY INITIATIVE  SEC. 420. Section 502(c) of the Chesapeake Bay Initiative Act of 1998 (Public Law 105– 312; 16 U.S.C. 461 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
EXTENSION OF GRAZING PERMITS  SEC. 421. The terms and conditions of section 325 of Public Law 108–108 (117 Stat. 1307), regarding grazing permits issued by the Forest Service on any lands not subject to administration under section 402 of the Federal Lands Policy and Management Act (43 U.S.C. 1752), shall remain in effect for fiscal year 2018. 
FUNDING PROHIBITION  SEC. 422. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network is designed to block access to pornography websites. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 
ENHANCEMENT ACT  SEC. 423. Section 503(f) of the Forest Service Facility Realignment and Enhancement Act of 2005 (16 U.S.C. 580d note; Public Law 109–54) is amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
USE OF AMERICAN IRON AND STEEL  SEC. 424. (a)(1) None of the funds made available by a State water pollution control revolving fund as authorized by section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12) shall be used for a project for the construction, alteration, maintenance, or repair of a public water system or treatment works unless all of the iron and steel products used in the project are produced in the United States. (2) In this section, the term ‘‘iron and steel’’ products means the following products made primarily of iron or steel: lined or unlined pipes and fittings, manhole covers and other municipal castings, hydrants, tanks, flanges, pipe clamps and restraints, valves, structural steel, reinforced precast concrete, and construction materials. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply in any case or category of cases in which the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Administrator’’) finds that— (1) applying subsection (a) would be inconsistent with the public interest; (2) iron and steel products are not produced in the United States in sufficient and reasonably available quantities and of a satisfactory quality; or (3) inclusion of iron and steel products produced in the United States will increase the cost of the overall project by more than 25 percent. (c) If the Administrator receives a request for a waiver under this section, the Administrator shall make available to the public on an informal basis a copy of the request and information available to the Administrator concerning the request, and shall allow for informal public input on the request for at least 15 days prior to making a finding based on the request. The Administrator shall make the request and accompanying information available by electronic means, including on the official public Internet Web site of the Environmental Protection Agency. (d) This section shall be applied in a manner consistent with United States obligations under international agreements. (e) The Administrator may retain up to 0.25 percent of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Clean and Drinking Water State Revolving Funds for carrying out the provisions described in subsection (a)(1) for management and oversight of the requirements of this section. MIDWAY ISLAND  SEC. 425. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to destroy any buildings or structures on Midway Island that have been recommended by the United States Navy for inclusion in the National Register of Historic Places (54 U.S.C. 302101). 
JOHN F . KENNEDY CENTER REAUTHORIZATION  SEC. 426. Section 13 of the John F. Kennedy Center Act (20 U.S.C. 76r) is amended by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) MAINTENANCE , R EPAIR , AND SECURITY.—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Board to carry out section 4(a)(1)(H), $23,740,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(b) CAPITAL PROJECTS .—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Board to carry out subparagraphs (F) and (G) of section 4(a)(1), $16,775,000 for fiscal year 2018.’’. 
TRANSFERS OF EXCESS EQUIPMENT AND SUP PLIES FOR WILDFIRES  SEC. 427. The Secretary of the Interior is authorized to enter into grants and cooperative agreements with volunteer fire departments, rural fire departments, rangeland fire protection associations, and similar organizations to provide for wildland fire training and equipment, including supplies and communication devices. Notwithstanding 121(c) of title 40, United States Code, or section 521 of title 40, United States Code, the Secretary is further authorized to transfer title to excess Department of the Interior firefighting equipment no longer needed to carry out the functions of the Department’s wildland fire management program to such organizations. 
ALASKA NATIVE REGIONAL HEALTH ENTITIES  SEC. 428. Section 424 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
TREATMENT OF CERTAIN HOSPITALS  SEC. 429. Section 1886(d)(12)(C) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(12)(C)) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) TREATMENT OF INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE  
AND NON INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE FACILITIES .— For purposes of determining whether— ‘‘(I) a subsection (d) hospital of the Indian Health Service (whether operated by such Service or by an Indian tribe or tribal organization (as those terms are defined in section 4 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act)), or ‘‘(II) a subsection (d) hospital other than a hospital of the Indian Health Service meets the mileage criterion under clause (i) with respect to fiscal year 2011 or a succeeding fiscal year, the Secretary shall apply the policy described in the regulation at part 412.101(e) of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this clause).’’. INFRASTRUCTURE  SEC. 430. (a) For an additional amount for ‘‘Environmental Protection Agency—Hazardous Substance Superfund’’, $63,000,000, of which $54,389,000 shall be for the Superfund Remedial program and $8,611,000 shall be for the Superfund Emergency Response and Removal program, to remain available until expended, consisting of such sums as are available in the Trust Fund on September 30, 2017, as authorized by section 517(a) of the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986 (SARA) and up to $63,000,000 as a payment from general revenues to the Hazardous Substance Superfund for purposes as authorized by section 517(b) of SARA. (b) For an additional amount for ‘‘Environmental Protection Agency—State and Tribal Assistance Grants,’’ for environmental programs and infrastructure assistance, including capitalization grants for State revolving funds and performance partnership grants, $650,000,000 to remain available until expended, of which— (1) $300,000,000 shall be for making capitalization grants for the Clean Water State Revolving Funds under title VI of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act; and of which $300,000,000 shall be for making capitalization grants for the Drinking Water State Revolving Funds under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act; (2) $20,000,000 shall be for grants for small and disadvantaged communities authorized in section 2104 of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (Public Law 114–322); (3) $20,000,000 shall be for grants for lead testing in school and child care program drinking water authorized in section 2107 of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (Public Law 114–322); (4) $10,000,000 shall be for grants for reducing lead in drinking water authorized in section 2105 of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (Public Law 114–322). (c) For an additional amount for ‘‘Environmental Protection Agency—Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Program Account’’, $53,000,000, to remain available until expended, for the cost of direct loans, for the cost of guaranteed loans, and for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, of which $3,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, may be used for such administrative expenses: Provided, That these additional funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans, including capitalized interest, and total loan principal, including capitalized interest, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $6,100,000,000. 
POLICIES RELATING TO BIOMASS ENERGY  SEC. 431. To support the key role that forests in the United States can play in addressing the energy needs of the United States, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of Agriculture, and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall, consistent with their missions, jointly— (1) ensure that Federal policy relating to forest bioenergy— (A) is consistent across all Federal departments and agencies; and (B) recognizes the full benefits of the use of forest biomass for energy, conservation, and responsible forest management; and (2) establish clear and simple policies for the use of forest biomass as an energy solution, including policies that— (A) reflect the carbonneutrality of forest bioenergy and recognize biomass as a renewable energy source, provided the use of forest biomass for energy production does not cause conversion of forests to nonforest use. 
(B) encourage private investment throughout the forest biomass supply chain, including in— (i) working forests; (ii) harvesting operations; (iii) forest improvement operations; (iv) forest bioenergy production; (v) wood products manufacturing; or (vi) paper manufacturing; (C) encourage forest management to improve forest health; and (D) recognize State initiatives to produce and use forest biomass. 
CLARIFICATION OF EXEMPTIONS  SEC. 432. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to require a permit for the discharge of dredged or fill material under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) for the activities identified in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 404(f)(1) of the Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(1)(A), (C)). 
SMALL REMOTE INCINERATORS  SEC. 433. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to implement or enforce the regulation issued on March 21, 2011 at 40 CFR part 60 subparts CCCC and DDDD with respect to units in the State of Alaska that are defined as ‘‘small, remote incinerator’’ units in those regulations and, until a subsequent regulation is issued, the Administrator shall implement the law and regulations in effect prior to such date. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION H—DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF LABOR EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING ADMINISTRATION  
TRAINING AND EMPLOYMENT SERVICES  For necessary expenses of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (referred to in this Act as ‘‘WIOA’’), the Second Chance Act of 2007, and the National Apprenticeship Act, $3,486,200,000, plus reimbursements, shall be available. Of the amounts provided: (1) for grants to States for adult employment and training activities, youth activities, and dislocated worker employment and training activities, $2,789,832,000 as follows: (A) $845,556,000 for adult employment and training activities, of which $133,556,000 shall be available for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019, and of which $712,000,000 shall be available for the period October 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019; (B) $903,416,000 for youth activities, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019; and (C) $1,040,860,000 for dislocated worker employment and training activities, of which $180,860,000 shall be available for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019, and of which $860,000,000 shall be available for the period October 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019: Provided, That the funds available for allotment to outlying areas to carry out subtitle B of title I of the WIOA shall not be subject to the requirements of section 127(b)(1)(B)(ii) of such Act; and (2) for national programs, $696,368,000 as follows: (A) $220,859,000 for the dislocated workers assistance national reserve, of which $20,859,000 shall be available for the period July 1, 2018 through September 30, 2019, and of which $200,000,000 shall be available for the period October 1, 2018 through September 30, 2019: Provided, That funds provided to carry out section 132(a)(2)(A) of the WIOA may be used to provide assistance to a State for statewide or local use in order to address cases where there have been worker dislocations across multiple sectors or across multiple local areas and such workers remain dislocated; coordinate the State workforce development plan with emerging economic development needs; and train such eligible dislocated workers: Provided further, That funds provided to carry out sections 168(b) and 169(c) of the WIOA may be used for technical assistance and demonstration projects, respectively, that provide assistance to new entrants in the workforce and incumbent workers: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 168(b) of the WIOA, of the funds provided under this subparagraph, the Secretary of Labor (referred to in this title as ‘‘Secretary’’) may reserve not more than 10 percent of such funds to provide technical assistance and carry out additional activities related to the transition to the WIOA: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this subparagraph, $30,000,000 shall be for training and employment assistance under sections 168(b), 169(c) (notwithstanding the 10 percent limitation in such section) and 170 of the WIOA for workers in the Appalachian region, as defined by 40 U.S.C. 14102(a)(1) and workers in the Lower Mississippi, as defined in section 4(2) of the Delta Development Act (Public Law 100–460, 102 Stat. 2246; 7 U.S.C. 2009aa(2)); (B) $54,000,000 for Native American programs under section 166 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019; (C) $87,896,000 for migrant and seasonal farmworker programs under section 167 of the WIOA, including $81,447,000 for formula grants (of which not less than 70 percent shall be for employment and training services), $5,922,000 for migrant and seasonal housing (of which not less than 70 percent shall be for permanent housing), and $527,000 for other discretionary purposes, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019: Provided, That not withstanding any other provision of law or related regulation, the Department of Labor shall take no action limiting the number or proportion of eligible participants receiving related assistance services or discouraging grantees from providing such services; (D) $89,534,000 for YouthBuild activities as described in section 171 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019; (E) $93,079,000 for exoffender activities, under the authority of section 169 of the WIOA and section 212 of the Second Chance Act of 2007, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019: Provided, That of this amount, $25,000,000 shall be for competitive grants to national and regional intermediaries for activities that prepare young exoffenders and school dropouts for employment, with a priority for projects serving highcrime, highpoverty areas; (F) $6,000,000 for the Workforce Data Quality Initiative, under the authority of section 169 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019; and (G) $145,000,000 to expand opportunities relating to apprenticeship programs registered under the National Apprenticeship Act, to be available to the Secretary to carry out activities through grants, cooperative agreements, contracts and other arrangements, with States and other appropriate entities, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  To carry out subtitle C of title I of the WIOA, including Federal administrative expenses, the purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles, the construction, alteration, and repairs of buildings and other facilities, and the purchase of real property for training centers as authorized by the WIOA, $1,718,655,000, plus reimbursements, as follows: (1) $1,603,325,000 for Job Corps Operations, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019; (2) $83,000,000 for construction, rehabilitation and acquisition of Job Corps Centers, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2021, and which may include the acquisition, maintenance, and repair of major items of equipment: Provided, That the Secretary may transfer up to 15 percent of such funds to meet the operational needs of such centers or to achieve administrative efficiencies: Provided further, That any funds transferred pursuant to the preceding provision shall not be available for obligation after June 30, 2019: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer; and (3) $32,330,000 for necessary expenses of Job Corps, which shall be available for obligation for the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018: Provided, That no funds from any other appropriation shall be used to provide meal services at or for Job Corps centers. COMMUNITY SERVICE EMPLOYMENT FOR OLDER  
AMERICANS  To carry out title V of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (referred to in this Act as ‘‘OAA’’), $400,000,000, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019, and may be recaptured and reobligated in accordance with section 517(c) of the OAA. 
ALLOWANCES  For payments during fiscal year 2018 of trade adjustment benefit payments and allowances under part I of subchapter B of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, and section 246 of that Act; and for training, employment and case management services, allowances for job search and relocation, and related State administrative expenses under part II of subchapter B of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, and including benefit payments, allowances, training, employment and case management services, and related State administration provided pursuant to section 231(a) of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Extension Act of 2011 and section 405(a) of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015, $790,000,000 together with such amounts as may be necessary to be charged to the subsequent appropriation for payments for any period subsequent to September 15, 2018: Provided, That notwithstanding section 502 of this Act, any part of the appropriation provided under this heading may remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year pursuant to the authorities of section 245(c) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2317(c)). 
EMPLOYMENT SERVICE OPERATIONS  For authorized administrative expenses, $84,066,000, together with not to exceed $3,380,625,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration Account in the Unemployment Trust Fund (‘‘the Trust Fund’’), of which: (1) $2,639,600,000 from the Trust Fund is for grants to States for the administration of State unemployment insurance laws as authorized under title III of the Social Security Act (including not less than $120,000,000 to conduct inperson reemployment and eligibility assessments and unemployment insurance improper payment reviews, and to provide reemployment services and referrals to 
training as appropriate, for claimants of unemployment insurance for exservice members under 5 U.S.C. 8521 et. seq. and for claimants of regular unemployment compensation, including those who are profiled as most likely to exhaust their benefits in each State: Provided, That such activities shall not be subject to section 306 of the Social Security Act; and $9,000,000 for continued support of the Unemployment Insurance Integrity Center of Excellence), the administration of unemployment insurance for Federal employees and for exservice members as authorized under 5 U.S.C. 8501–8523, and the administration of trade readjustment allowances, reemployment trade adjustment assistance, and alternative trade adjustment assistance under the Trade Act of 1974 and under section 231(a) of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Extension Act of 2011 and section 405(a) of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015, and shall be available for obligation by the States through December 31, 2018, except that funds used for automation shall be available for Federal obligation through December 31, 2018, and for State obligation through September 30, 2020, or, if the automation is being carried out through consortia of States, for State obligation through September 30, 2023, and for expenditure through September 30, 2024, and funds for competitive grants awarded to States for improved operations and to conduct inperson reemployment and eligibility assessments and unemployment insurance improper payment reviews and provide reemployment services and referrals to training, as appropriate, shall be available for Federal obligation through December 31, 2018, and for obligation by the States through September 30, 2020, and funds for the Unemployment Insurance Integrity Center of Excellence shall be available for obligation by the State through September 30, 2019, and funds used for unemployment insurance workloads experienced through September 30, 2018 shall be available for Federal obligation through December 31, 2018; (2) $13,897,000 from the Trust Fund is for national activities necessary to support the administration of the FederalState unemployment insurance system; (3) $645,000,000 from the Trust Fund, together with $21,413,000 from the General Fund of the Treasury, is for grants to States in accordance with section 6 of the Wagner Peyser Act, and shall be available for Federal obligation for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019; (4) $19,818,000 from the Trust Fund is for national activities of the Employment Service, including administration of the work opportunity tax credit under section 51 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and the provision of technical assistance and staff training under the WagnerPeyser Act; (5) $62,310,000 from the Trust Fund is for the administration of foreign labor certifications and related activities under the Immigration and Nationality Act and related laws, of which $48,028,000 shall be available for the Federal administration of such activities, and $14,282,000 shall be available for grants to States for the administration of such activities; and (6) $62,653,000 from the General Fund is to provide workforce information, national electronic tools, and onestop system building under the WagnerPeyser Act and shall be available for Federal obligation for the period July 1, 2018 through June 30, 2019: Provided, That to the extent that the Average Weekly Insured Unemployment (‘‘AWIU’’) for fiscal year 2018 is projected by the Department of Labor to exceed 2,246,000, an additional $28,600,000 from the Trust Fund shall be available for obligation for every 100,000 increase in the AWIU level (including a pro rata amount for any increment less than 100,000) to carry out title III of the Social Security Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this Act that are allotted to a State to carry out activities under title III of the Social Security Act may be used by such State to assist other States in carrying out activities under such title III if the other States include areas that have suffered a major disaster declared by the President under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act: Pro vided further, That the Secretary may use funds appropriated for grants to States under title III of the Social Security Act to make payments on behalf of States for the use of the National Directory of New Hires under section 453(j)(8) of such Act: Provided further, That the Secretary may use funds appropriated for grants to States under title III of the Social Security Act to make payments on behalf of States to the entity operating the State Information Data Exchange System: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this Act which are used to establish a national onestop career center system, or which are used to support the national activities of the FederalState unemployment insurance, employment service, or immigration programs, may be obligated in contracts, grants, or agreements with States and nonState entities: Provided further, That States awarded competitive grants for improved operations under title III of the Social Security Act, or awarded grants to support the national activities of the Federal State unemployment insurance system, may award subgrants to other States and non State entities under such grants, subject to the conditions applicable to the grants: Pro vided further, That funds appropriated under this Act for activities authorized under title III of the Social Security Act and the WagnerPeyser Act may be used by States to fund integrated Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service automation efforts, notwithstanding cost allocation principles prescribed under the final rule entitled ‘‘Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards’’ at part 200 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations: Provided further, That the Secretary, at the request of a State participating in a consortium with other States, may reallot funds allotted to such State under title III of the Social Security Act to other States participating in the consortium in order to carry out activities that benefit the administration of the unemployment compensation law of the State making the request: Provided further, That the Secretary may collect fees for the costs associated with additional data collection, analyses, and reporting services relating to the National Agricultural Workers Survey requested by State and local governments, public and private institutions of higher education, and nonprofit organizations and may utilize such sums, in accordance with the provisions of 29 U.S.C. 9a, for the National Agricultural Workers Survey infrastructure, methodology, and data to meet the information collection and reporting needs of such entities, which shall be credited to this appropriation and shall remain available until September 30, 2019, for such purposes. 
AND OTHER FUNDS  For repayable advances to the Unemployment Trust Fund as authorized by sections 905(d) and 1203 of the Social Security Act, and to the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund as authorized by section 9501(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and for nonrepayable advances to the revolving fund established by section 901(e) of the Social Security Act, to the Unemployment Trust Fund as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 8509, and to the ‘‘Federal Unemployment Benefits and Allowances’’ account, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2019. PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION  For expenses of administering employment and training programs, $108,674,000, together with not to exceed $49,982,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration Account in the Unemployment Trust Fund. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS SECURITY  ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Employee Benefits Security Administration, $181,000,000, of which up to $3,000,000 shall be made available through September 30, 2019, for the procurement of expert witnesses for enforcement litigation. PENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORATION  
FUND  The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (‘‘Corporation’’) is authorized to make such expenditures, including financial assistance authorized by subtitle E of title IV of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, within limits of funds and borrowing authority available to the Corporation, and in accord with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations, as provided by 31 U.S.C. 9104, as may be necessary in carrying out the program, including associated administrative expenses, through September 30, 2018, for the Corporation: Provided, That none of the funds available to the Corporation for fiscal year 2018 shall be available for obligations for administrative expenses in excess of $424,417,000: Provided further, That to the extent that the number of new plan participants in plans terminated by the Corporation exceeds 100,000 in fiscal year 2018, an amount not to exceed an additional $9,200,000 shall be available through September 30, 2019, for obligation for administrative expenses for every 20,000 additional terminated participants: Provided further, That obligations in excess of the amounts provided in this paragraph may be incurred for unforeseen and extraordinary pretermination expenses or extraordinary multiemployer program related expenses after approval by the Office of Management and Budget and notification of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. WAGE AND HOURDIVISION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Wage and Hour Division, including reimbursement to State, Federal, and local agencies and their employees for inspection services rendered, $227,500,000. OFFICE OF LABOR MANAGEMENT STANDARDS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Office of LaborManagement Standards, $40,187,000. OFFICE OF FEDERAL CONTRACT COMPLIANCE  PROGRAMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, $103,476,000. OFFICE OF WORKERS ’ COMPENSATION  PROGRAMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs, $115,424,000, together with $2,177,000 which may be expended from the Special Fund in 
accordance with sections 39(c), 44(d), and 44(j) of the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the payment of compensation, benefits, and expenses (except administrative expenses) accruing during the current or any prior fiscal year authorized by 5 U.S.C. 81; continuation of benefits as provided for under the heading ‘‘Civilian War Benefits’’ in the Federal Security Agency Appropriation Act, 1947; the Employees’ Compensation Commission Appropriation Act, 1944; section 5(f) of the War Claims Act (50 U.S.C. App. 2012); obligations incurred under the War Hazards Compensation Act (42 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); and 50 percent of the additional compensation and benefits required by section 10(h) of the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act, $220,000,000, together with such amounts as may be necessary to be charged to the subsequent year appropriation for the payment of compensation and other benefits for any period subsequent to August 15 of the current year, for deposit into and to assume the attributes of the Employees’ Compensation Fund established under 5 U.S.C. 8147(a): Provided, That amounts appropriated may be used under 5 U.S.C. 8104 by the Secretary to reimburse an employer, who is not the employer at the time of injury, for portions of the salary of a reemployed, disabled beneficiary: Provided further, That balances of reimbursements unobligated on September 30, 2017, shall remain available until expended for the payment of compensation, benefits, and expenses: Pro vided further, That in addition there shall be transferred to this appropriation from the Postal Service and from any other corporation or instrumentality required under 5 U.S.C. 8147(c) to pay an amount for its fair share of the cost of administration, such sums as the Secretary determines to be the cost of administration for employees of such fair share entities through September 30, 2018: Provided further, That of those funds transferred to this account from the fair share entities to pay the cost of administration of the Federal Employees’ Compensation Act, $71,188,000 shall be made available to the Secretary as follows: (1) For enhancement and maintenance of automated data processing systems operations and telecommunications systems, $24,540,000; (2) For automated workload processing operations, including document imaging, centralized mail intake, and medical bill processing, $22,968,000; (3) For periodic roll disability management and medical review, $21,946,000; (4) For program integrity, $1,734,000; and (5) The remaining funds shall be paid into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts: Provided further, That the Secretary may require that any person filing a notice of injury or a claim for benefits under 5 U.S.C. 81, or the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act, provide as part of such notice and claim, such identifying information (including Social Security account number) as such regulations may prescribe. 
SPECIAL BENEFITS FOR DISABLED COAL MINERS  For carrying out title IV of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended by Public Law 107–275, $54,319,000, to remain available until expended. For making after July 31 of the current fiscal year, benefit payments to individuals under title IV of such Act, for costs incurred in the current fiscal year, such amounts as may be necessary. For making benefit payments under title IV for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, $15,000,000, to remain available until expended. ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES , ENERGY EMPLOY EES OCCUPATIONAL ILLNESS COMPENSATION  
FUND  For necessary expenses to administer the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act, $59,846,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may require that any person filing a claim for benefits under the Act provide as part of such claim such identifying information (including Social Security account number) as may be prescribed. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  Such sums as may be necessary from the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund (the ‘‘Fund’’), to remain available until expended, for payment of all benefits authorized by section 9501(d)(1), (2), (6), and (7) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and repayment of, and payment of interest on advances, as authorized by section 9501(d)(4) of that Act. In addition, the following amounts may be expended from the Fund for fiscal year 2018 for expenses of operation and administration of the Black Lung Benefits program, as authorized by section 9501(d)(5): not to exceed $38,246,000 for transfer to the Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs, ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’; not to exceed $31,994,000 for transfer to Departmental Management, ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’; not to exceed $330,000 for transfer to Departmental Management, ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’; and not to exceed $356,000 for payments into miscellaneous receipts for the expenses of the Department of the Treasury. OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH  ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, $552,787,000, including not to exceed $100,850,000 which shall be the maximum amount available for grants to States under section 23(g) of the Occupational Safety and Health Act (the ‘‘Act’’), which grants shall be no less than 50 percent of the costs of State occupational safety and health programs required to be incurred under plans approved by the Secretary under section 18 of the Act; and, in addition, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration may retain up to $499,000 per fiscal year of training institute course tuition and fees, otherwise authorized by law to be collected, and may utilize such sums for occupational safety and health training and education: Provided, That not withstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, the Secretary is authorized, during the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, to collect and retain fees for services provided to Nationally Recognized Testing Laboratories, and may utilize such sums, in accordance with the provisions of 29 U.S.C. 9a, to administer national and international laboratory recognition programs that ensure the safety of equipment and products used by workers in the workplace: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this paragraph shall be obligated or expended to prescribe, issue, administer, or enforce any standard, rule, regulation, or order under the Act which is applicable to any person who is engaged in a farming operation which does not maintain a temporary labor camp and employs 10 or fewer employees: Provided further, That no funds appropriated under this paragraph shall be obligated or expended to administer or enforce any standard, rule, regulation, or order under the Act with respect to any employer of 10 or fewer employees who is included within a category having a Days Away, Restricted, or Transferred (‘‘DART’’) occupational injury and illness rate, at the most precise industrial classification code for which such data are published, less than the national average rate as such rates are most recently published by the Secretary, acting through the Bureau of Labor Statistics, in accordance with section 24 of the Act, except— (1) to provide, as authorized by the Act, consultation, technical assistance, educational and training services, and to conduct surveys and studies; (2) to conduct an inspection or investigation in response to an employee complaint, to issue a citation for violations found during such inspection, and to assess a penalty for violations which are not corrected within a reasonable abatement period and for any willful violations found; (3) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to imminent dangers; (4) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to health hazards; (5) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to a report of an employment accident which is fatal to one or more employees or which results in hospitalization of two or more employees, and to take any action pursuant to such investigation authorized by the Act; and (6) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to complaints of discrimination against employees for exercising rights under the Act: Provided further, That the foregoing proviso shall not apply to any person who is engaged in a farming operation which does not maintain a temporary labor camp and employs 10 or fewer employees: Provided further, That $10,537,000 shall be available for Susan Harwood training grants, of which the Secretary shall reserve not less than $4,500,000 for Susan Harwood Training Capacity Building Developmental grants, as described in Funding Opportunity Number SHTG–GY–16–02 (referenced in the notice of availability of funds published in the Federal Register on May 3, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 30568)) for program activities starting not later than September 30, 2018 and lasting for a period of 12 months: Provided further, That not less than $3,500,000 shall be for Voluntary Protection Programs. MINESAFETY AND HEALTH ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Mine Safety and Health Administration, $373,816,000, including purchase and bestowal of certificates and trophies in connection with mine rescue and firstaid work, and the hire of passenger motor vehicles, including up to $2,000,000 for mine rescue and recovery activities and not less than $10,537,000 for State assistance grants: Provided, That amounts available for State assistance grants may be used for the purchase and maintenance of new equipment required by the final rule entitled ‘‘Lowering Miners’ Exposure to Respirable Coal Mine Dust, Including Continuous Personal Dust Monitors’’ published by the Department of Labor in the Federal Register on May 1, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 24813 et seq.), for operators that demonstrate financial need as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, not to exceed $750,000 may be collected by the National Mine Health and Safety Academy for room, board, tuition, and the sale of training materials, otherwise authorized by law to be collected, to be available for mine safety and health education and training activities: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, the Mine Safety and Health Administration is authorized to collect and retain up to $2,499,000 from fees collected for the approval and certification of equipment, materials, and explosives for use in mines, 
and may utilize such sums for such activities: Provided further, That the Secretary is authorized to accept lands, buildings, equipment, and other contributions from public and private sources and to prosecute projects in cooperation with other agencies, Federal, State, or private: Provided further, That the Mine Safety and Health Administration is authorized to promote health and safety education and training in the mining community through cooperative programs with States, industry, and safety associations: Provided further, That the Secretary is authorized to recognize the Joseph A. Holmes Safety Association as a principal safety association and, notwithstanding any other provision of law, may provide funds and, with or without reimbursement, personnel, including service of Mine Safety and Health Administration officials as officers in local chapters or in the national organization: Provided further, That any funds available to the Department of Labor may be used, with the approval of the Secretary, to provide for the costs of mine rescue and survival operations in the event of a major disaster. BUREAU OF LABOR STATISTICS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Bureau of Labor Statistics, including advances or reimbursements to State, Federal, and local agencies and their employees for services rendered, $547,000,000, together with not to exceed $65,000,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund. OFFICE OF DISABILITY EMPLOYMENT POLICY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Office of Disability Employment Policy to provide leadership, develop policy and initiatives, and award grants furthering the objective of eliminating barriers to the training and employment of people with disabilities, $38,203,000. DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for Departmental Management, including the hire of three passenger motor vehicles, $337,536,000, together with not to exceed $308,000, which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund: Provided, That $59,825,000 for the Bureau of International Labor Affairs shall be available for obligation through December 31, 2018: Provided further, That funds available to the Bureau of International Labor Affairs may be used to administer or operate international labor activities, bilateral and multilateral technical assistance, and microfinance programs, by or through contracts, grants, subgrants and other arrangements: Provided further, That not more than $53,825,000 shall be for programs to combat exploitative child labor internationally and not less than $6,000,000 shall be used to implement model programs that address worker rights issues through technical assistance in countries with which the United States has free trade agreements or trade preference programs: Provided further, That $8,040,000 shall be used for program evaluation and shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2019: Provided further, That funds available for program evaluation may be used to administer grants for the purpose of evaluation: Provided further, That grants made for the purpose of evaluation shall be awarded through fair and open competition: Provided further, That funds available for program evaluation may be transferred to any other appropriate account in the Department for such purpose: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer: Provided further, That the funds available to the Women’s Bureau may be used for grants to serve and promote the interests of women in the workforce: Pro vided further, That of the amounts made available to the Women’s Bureau, $994,000 shall be used for grants authorized by the Women in Apprenticeship and Nontraditional Occupations Act. VETERANS EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING  Not to exceed $245,041,000 may be derived from the Employment Security Administration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund to carry out the provisions of chapters 41, 42, and 43 of title 38, United States Code, of which: (1) $180,000,000 is for Jobs for Veterans State grants under 38 U.S.C. 4102A(b)(5) to support disabled veterans’ outreach program specialists under section 4103A of such title and local veterans’ employment representatives under section 4104(b) of such title, and for the expenses described in section 4102A(b)(5)(C), which shall be available for obligation by the States through December 31, 2018, and not to exceed 3 percent for the necessary Federal expenditures for data systems and contract support to allow for the tracking of participant and performance information: Provided, That, in addition, such funds may be used to support such specialists and representatives in the provision of services to transitioning members of the Armed Forces who have participated in the Transition Assistance Program and have been identified as in need of intensive services, to members of the Armed Forces who are wounded, ill, or injured and receiving treatment in military treatment facilities or warrior transition units, and to the spouses or other family caregivers of such wounded, ill, or injured members; (2) $19,500,000 is for carrying out the Transition Assistance Program under 38 U.S.C. 4113 and 10 U.S.C. 1144; (3) $42,127,000 is for Federal administration of chapters 41, 42, and 43 of title 38, United States Code; and (4) $3,414,000 is for the National Veterans’ Employment and Training Services Institute under 38 U.S.C. 4109: Provided, That the Secretary may reallocate among the appropriations provided under paragraphs (1) through (4) above an amount not to exceed 3 percent of the appropriation from which such reallocation is made. In addition, from the General Fund of the Treasury, $50,000,000 is for carrying out programs to assist homeless veterans and veterans at risk of homelessness who are transitioning from certain institutions under sections 2021, 2021A, and 2023 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That notwithstanding subsections (c)(3) and (d) of section 2023, the Secretary may award grants through September 30, 2018, to provide services under such section: Provided further, That services provided under section 2023 may include, in addition to services to the individuals described in subsection (e) of such section, services to veterans recently released from incarceration who are at risk of homelessness. In addition, fees may be assessed and deposited in the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Fund pursuant to section 5(b) of the HIRE Vets Act, as amended herein, and such amounts shall be available to the Secretary to carry out the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Program, as authorized by such Act, and shall remain available until expended: Pro vided, That such sums shall be in addition to any other funds available for such purposes, including funds available under paragraph (3) of this heading: Provided further, That sec tion 2(d) of division O of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31; 38 U.S.C. 4100 note) shall not apply. IT MODERNIZATION  For necessary expenses for Department of Labor centralized infrastructure technology investment activities related to support systems and modernization, $20,769,000, which shall be available through September 30, 2019. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For salaries and expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $83,487,000, together with not to exceed $5,660,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund. GENERAL PROVISIONS  SEC. 101. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for the Job Corps shall be used to pay the salary and bonuses of an individual, either as direct costs or any proration as an indirect cost, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 102. Not to exceed 1 percent of any discretionary funds (pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) which are appropriated for the current fiscal year for the Department of Labor in this Act may be transferred between a program, project, or activity, but no such program, project, or activity shall be increased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the transfer authority granted by this section shall not be used to create any new program or to fund any project or activity for which no funds are provided in this Act: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. SEC. 103. In accordance with Executive Order 13126, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to this Act shall be obligated or expended for the procurement of goods mined, produced, manufactured, or harvested or services rendered, in whole or in part, by forced or indentured child labor in industries and host countries already identified by the United States Department of Labor prior to enactment of this Act. SEC. 104. Except as otherwise provided in this section, none of the funds made available to the Department of Labor for grants under section 414(c) of the American Competitiveness and Workforce Improvement Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 2916a) may be used for any purpose other than competitive grants for training individuals who are older than 16 years of age and are not currently enrolled in school within a local educational agency in the occupations and industries for which employers are using H–1B visas to hire foreign workers, and the related activities necessary to support such training. SEC. 105. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Employment and Training Administration’’ shall be used by a recipient or subrecipient of such funds to pay the salary and bonuses of an individual, either as direct costs or indirect costs, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II. This limitation shall not apply to vendors providing goods and services as defined in Office of Management and Budget Circular A– 133. Where States are recipients of such funds, States may establish a lower limit for salaries and bonuses of those receiving salaries and bonuses from subrecipients of such funds, taking into account factors including 
the relative costofliving in the State, the compensation levels for comparable State or local government employees, and the size of the organizations that administer Federal programs involved including Employment and Training Administration programs. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 106. (a) Notwithstanding section 102, the Secretary may transfer funds made available to the Employment and Training Administration by this Act, either directly or through a setaside, for technical assistance services to grantees to ‘‘Program Administration’’ when it is determined that those services will be more efficiently performed by Federal employees: Provided, That this section shall not apply to section 171 of the WIOA. (b) Notwithstanding section 102, the Secretary may transfer not more than 0.5 percent of each discretionary appropriation made available to the Employment and Training Administration by this Act to ‘‘Program Administration’’ in order to carry out program integrity activities relating to any of the programs or activities that are funded under any such discretionary appropriations: Provided, That notwithstanding section 102 and the preceding proviso, the Secretary may transfer not more than 0.5 percent of funds made available in paragraphs (1) and (2) of the ‘‘Office of Job Corps’’ account to paragraph (3) of such account to carry out program integrity activities related to the Job Corps program: Provided further, That funds transferred under the authority provided by this subsection shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2019. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 107. (a) The Secretary may reserve not more than 0.75 percent from each appropriation made available in this Act identified in subsection (b) in order to carry out evaluations of any of the programs or activities that are funded under such accounts. Any funds reserved under this section shall be transferred to ‘‘Departmental Management’’ for use by the Office of the Chief Evaluation Officer within the Department of Labor, and shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2019: Provided, That such funds shall only be available if the Chief Evaluation Officer of the Department of Labor submits a plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate describing the evaluations to be carried out 15 days in advance of any transfer. (b) The accounts referred to in subsection (a) are: ‘‘Training and Employment Services’’, ‘‘Job Corps’’, ‘‘Community Service Employment for Older Americans’’, ‘‘State Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service Operations’’, ‘‘Employee Benefits Security Administration’’, ‘‘Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs’’, ‘‘Wage and Hour Division’’, ‘‘Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs’’, ‘‘Office of Labor Management Standards’’, ‘‘Occupational Safety and Health Administration’’, ‘‘Mine Safety and Health Administration’’, ‘‘Office of Disability Employment Policy’’, funding made available to the ‘‘Bureau of International Labor Affairs’’ and ‘‘Women’s Bureau’’ within the ‘‘Departmental Management, Salaries and Expenses’’ account, and ‘‘Veterans Employment and Training’’. SEC. 108. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, beginning October 1, 2017, the Secretary of Labor, in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture may select an entity to operate a Civilian Conservation Center on a competitive basis in accordance with section 147 of the WIOA, if the Secretary of Labor determines such Center has had consistently low performance under the performance accountability system in effect for the Job Corps program prior to July 1, 2016, or with respect to expected levels of performance established under section 159(c) of such Act beginning July 1, 2016. SEC. 109. (a) Section 7 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 207) shall be applied as if the following text is part of such section: ‘‘(s)(1) The provisions of this section shall not apply for a period of 2 years after the occurrence of a major disaster to any employee— ‘‘(A) employed to adjust or evaluate claims resulting from or relating to such major disaster, by an employer not engaged, directly or through an affiliate, in underwriting, selling, or marketing property, casualty, or liability insurance policies or contracts; ‘‘(B) who receives from such employer on average weekly compensation of not less than $591.00 per week or any minimum weekly amount established by the Secretary, whichever is greater, for the number of weeks such employee is engaged in any of the activities described in subparagraph (C); and ‘‘(C) whose duties include any of the following: ‘‘(i) interviewing insured individuals, individuals who suffered injuries or other damages or losses arising from or relating to a disaster, witnesses, or physicians; ‘‘(ii) inspecting property damage or reviewing factual information to prepare damage estimates; ‘‘(iii) evaluating and making recommendations regarding coverage or compensability of claims or determining liability or value aspects of claims; ‘‘(iv) negotiating settlements; or ‘‘(v) making recommendations regarding litigation. ‘‘(2) The exemption in this subsection shall not affect the exemption provided by section 13(a)(1). ‘‘(3) For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘major disaster’ means any disaster or catastrophe declared or designated by any State or Federal agency or department; ‘‘(B) the term ‘employee employed to adjust or evaluate claims resulting from or relating to such major disaster’ means an individual who timely secured or secures a license required by applicable law to engage in and perform the activities described in clauses (i) through (v) of paragraph (1)(C) relating to a major disaster, and is employed by an employer that maintains worker compensation insurance coverage or protection for its employees, if required by applicable law, and withholds applicable Federal, State, and local income and payroll taxes from the wages, salaries and any benefits of such employees; and ‘‘(C) the term ‘affiliate’ means a company that, by reason of ownership or control of 25 percent or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities of one or more companies, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, another company.’’. (b) This section shall be effective on the date of enactment of this Act. 
(RESCISSION)  SEC. 110. Of the funds made available under the heading ‘‘Employment and Training Administration–Training and Employment Services’’ in division H of Public Law 115–31, $12,500,000 is rescinded, to be derived from the amount made available in paragraph (2)(A) under such heading for the period October 1, 2017, through September 30, 2018. SEC. 111. (a) F LEXIBILITY WITHRESPECT TO  
THECROSSING OF H–2B N ONIMMIGRANTS WORKING IN THE SEAFOOD INDUSTRY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), if a petition for H–2B nonimmigrants filed by an employer in the seafood industry is granted, the employer may bring the nonimmigrants described in the petition into the United States at any time during the 120 day period beginning on the start date for which the employer is seeking the services of the nonimmigrants without filing another petition. (2) REQUIREMENTS FOR CROSSINGS AFTER  
90TH DAY .—An employer in the seafood industry may not bring H–2B nonimmigrants into the United States after the date that is 90 days after the start date for which the employer is seeking the services of the nonimmigrants unless the employer— (A) completes a new assessment of the local labor market by— (i) listing job orders in local newspapers on 2 separate Sundays; and (ii) posting the job opportunity on the appropriate Department of Labor Electronic Job Registry and at the employer’s place of employment; and (B) offers the job to an equally or better qualified United States worker who— (i) applies for the job; and (ii) will be available at the time and place of need. (3) EXEMPTION FROM RULES WITH RESPECT TO  
STAGGERING .—The Secretary of Labor shall not consider an employer in the seafood industry who brings H–2B nonimmigrants into the United States during the 120day period specified in paragraph (1) to be staggering the date of need in violation of section 655.20(d) of title 20, Code of Federal Regulations, or any other applicable provision of law. (b) H–2B NONIMMIGRANTS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘H–2B nonimmigrants’’ means aliens admitted to the United States pursuant to section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(B)). SEC. 112. The determination of prevailing wage for the purposes of the H–2B program shall be the greater of—(1) the actual wage level paid by the employer to other employees with similar experience and qualifications for such position in the same location; or (2) the prevailing wage level for the occupational classification of the position in the geographic area in which the H–2B nonimmigrant will be employed, based on the best information available at the time of filing the petition. In the determination of prevailing wage for the purposes of the H–2B program, the Secretary shall accept private wage surveys even in instances where Occupational Employment Statistics survey data are available unless the Secretary determines that the methodology and data in the provided survey are not statistically supported. SEC. 113. None of the funds in this Act shall be used to enforce the definition of corresponding employment found in 20 CFR 655.5 or the threefourths guarantee rule definition found in 20 CFR 655.20, or any references thereto. Further, for the purpose of regulating admission of temporary workers under the H–2B program, the definition of temporary need shall be that provided in 8 CFR 214.2(h)(6)(ii)(B). SEC. 114. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may furnish through grants, cooperative agreements, contracts, and other arrangements, up to $2,000,000 of excess personal property to apprenticeship programs for the purpose of training apprentices in those programs. SEC. 115. The proviso at the end of paragraph (1) under the heading ‘‘Department of Labor—Employment and Training Administration—State Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service Operations’’ in title I 
of division G of Public Law 113–235 shall be applied in fiscal year 2018 by substituting ‘‘seven’’ for ‘‘six’’. SEC. 116. Section 5(b) of the HIRE Vets Act (division O of Public Law 115–31) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) To the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts, the Secretary may assess a reasonable fee on employers that apply for receipt of a HIRE Vets Medallion Award and the Secretary shall deposit such fees into the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Fund. The Secretary shall establish the amount of the fee such that the amounts collected as fees and deposited into the Fund are sufficient to cover the costs associated with carrying out this division.’’. SEC. 117. (a) The Act entitled ‘‘An Act to create a Department of Labor’’, approved March 4, 1913 (37 Stat. 736, chapter 141) shall be applied as if the following text is part of such Act: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Labor is authorized to employ law enforcement officers or special agents to— ‘‘(1) provide protection for the Secretary of Labor during the workday of the Secretary and during any activity that is preliminary or postliminary to the performance of official duties by the Secretary; ‘‘(2) provide protection, incidental to the protection provided to the Secretary, to a member of the immediate family of the Secretary who is participating in an activity or event relating to the official duties of the Secretary; ‘‘(3) provide continuous protection to the Secretary (including during periods not described in paragraph (1)) and to the members of the immediate family of the Secretary if there is a unique and articulable threat of physical harm, in accordance with guidelines established by the Secretary; and ‘‘(4) provide protection to the Deputy Secretary of Labor or another senior officer representing the Secretary of Labor at a public event if there is a unique and articulable threat of physical harm, in accordance with guidelines established by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) AUTHORITIES .—The Secretary of Labor may authorize a law enforcement officer or special agent employed under subsection (a), for the purpose of performing the duties authorized under subsection (a), to— ‘‘(1) carry firearms; ‘‘(2) make arrests without a warrant for any offense against the United States committed in the presence of such officer or special agent; ‘‘(3) perform protective intelligence work, including identifying and mitigating potential threats and conducting advance work to review security matters relating to sites and events; ‘‘(4) coordinate with local law enforcement agencies; and ‘‘(5) initiate criminal and other investigations into potential threats to the security of the Secretary, in coordination with the Inspector General of the Department of Labor. ‘‘(c) COMPLIANCE WITHGUIDELINES .—A law enforcement officer or special agent employed under subsection (a) shall exercise any authority provided under this section in accordance with any— ‘‘(1) guidelines issued by the Attorney General; and ‘‘(2) guidelines prescribed by the Secretary of Labor.’’. (b) This section shall be effective on the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 118. The Secretary is authorized to dispose of or divest, by any means the Secretary determines appropriate, including an agreement or partnership to construct a new Job Corps center, all or a portion of the real property on which the Treasure Island Job Corps Center is situated. Any sale or other disposition will not be subject to any requirement of any Federal law or regulation relating to the disposition of Federal real property, including but not limited to Subchapter III of Chapter 5 of Title 40 of the United States Code and Subchapter V of Chapter 119 of Title 42 of the United States Code. The net proceeds of such a sale shall be transferred to the Secretary, which shall be available until expended to carry out the Job Corps Program. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Labor Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES HEALTH RESOURCES AND SERVICES  ADMINISTRATION  
PRIMARY HEALTH CARE  For carrying out titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘PHS Act’’) with respect to primary health care and the Native Hawaiian Health Care Act of 1988, $1,626,522,000: Pro vided, That no more than $1,000,000 shall be available until expended for carrying out the provisions of section 224(o) of the PHS Act: Provided further, That no more than $114,893,000 shall be available until expended for carrying out subsections (g) through (n) and (q) of section 224 of the PHS Act, and for expenses incurred by the Department of Health and Human Services (referred to in this Act as ‘‘HHS’’) pertaining to administrative claims made under such law: Provided further, That the ninth provisos under the heading ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services—Health Resources and Services Administration—Health Resources and Services’’ in Public Laws 104–208 and 105–78 are amended by striking ‘‘$80,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$152,700,000’’ in each such ninth proviso and by adding at the end of each such ninth proviso the following new proviso: ‘‘ Provided further, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974:’’: Provided further, That of funds provided for the Health Centers program, as defined by section 330 of the PHS Act, by this Act or any other Act for fiscal year 2018, not less than $200,000,000 shall be obligated in fiscal year 2018 for improving quality of care or expanded service grants under section 330 of the PHS Act to support and enhance behavioral health, mental health, or substance use disorder services. Of the funds made available under this heading, $20,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the cost of guaranteed loans, as authorized under part A of title XVI of the PHS Act, for nonFederal lenders for the construction, renovation, and modernization of medical facilities that are operated by health centers: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $743,494,000. 
HEALTH WORKFORCE  For carrying out titles III, VII, and VIII of the PHS Act with respect to the health workforce, sections 1128E and 1921 of the Social Security Act, and the Health Care Quality Improvement Act of 1986, $1,060,695,000, of which $111,916,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2019 to carry out sections 755 and 756 of the PHS Act: Provided, That sections 747(c)(2), 751(j)(2), 762(k), and the proportional funding amounts in paragraphs (1) through (4) of section 756(f) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds made available under this heading: Provided further, That for any program operating under section 751 of the PHS Act on or before January 1, 2009, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this title as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may hereafter waive any of the requirements contained in sections 751(d)(2)(A) and 751(d)(2)(B) of such Act for the full project period of a grant under such section: Provided further, That no funds shall be available for section 340G–1 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That fees collected for the disclosure of information under section 427(b) of the Health Care Quality Improvement Act of 1986 and sections 1128E(d)(2) and 1921 of the Social Security Act shall be sufficient to recover the full costs of operating the programs authorized by such sections and shall remain available until expended for the National Practitioner Data Bank: Pro vided further, That funds transferred to this account to carry out section 846 and subpart 3 of part D of title III of the PHS Act may be used to make prior year adjustments to awards made under such sections: Provided further, That $105,000,000 shall remain available until expended, for the purposes of providing primary health services, be used to assign National Health Service Corps (‘‘NHSC’’) members to expand the delivery of substance use disorder treatment services, notwithstanding the assignment priorities and limitations in or under sections 333(a)(1)(D), 333(b), and 333A(a)(1)(B)(ii) of the PHS Act, and to make NHSC Loan Repayment Program awards under section 338B of such Act: Provided further, That for purposes of the previous proviso, section 331(a)(3)(D) of the PHS Act shall be applied as if the term ‘‘primary health services’’ includes clinical substance use disorder treatment services, including those provided by masters level, licensed substance use disorder treatment counselors. MATERNAL AND CHILD HEALTH  For carrying out titles III, XI, XII, and XIX of the PHS Act with respect to maternal and child health, title V of the Social Security Act, and section 712 of the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004, $886,789,000, of which $10,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2022 to carry out section 330M of the PHS Act: Provided, That notwithstanding sections 502(a)(1) and 502(b)(1) of the Social Security Act, not more than $83,593,000 shall be available for carrying out special projects of regional and national significance pursuant to section 501(a)(2) of such Act and $10,276,000 shall be available for projects described in subparagraphs (A) through (F) of section 501(a)(3) of such Act. 
RYAN WHITE HIV /AIDS PROGRAM  For carrying out title XXVI of the PHS Act with respect to the Ryan White HIV/ AIDS program, $2,318,781,000, of which $1,970,881,000 shall remain available to the Secretary through September 30, 2020, for parts A and B of title XXVI of the PHS Act, and of which not less than $900,313,000 shall be for State AIDS Drug Assistance Programs under the authority of section 2616 or 311(c) of such Act. 
HEALTH CARE SYSTEMS  For carrying out titles III and XII of the PHS Act with respect to health care systems, and the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, $111,693,000, of which $122,000 shall be available until expended for facilities renovations at the Gillis W. Long Hansen’s Disease Center. 
RURAL HEALTH  For carrying out titles III and IV of the PHS Act with respect to rural health, section 427(a) of the Federal Coal Mine Health 
and Safety Act of 1969, and sections 711 and 1820 of the Social Security Act, $290,794,000, of which $49,609,000 from general revenues, notwithstanding section 1820(j) of the Social Security Act, shall be available for carrying out the Medicare rural hospital flexibility grants program: Provided, That of the funds made available under this heading for Medicare rural hospital flexibility grants, $15,942,000 shall be available for the Small Rural Hospital Improvement Grant Program for quality improvement and adoption of health information technology and up to $1,000,000 shall be to carry out section 1820(g)(6) of the Social Security Act, with funds provided for grants under section 1820(g)(6) available for the purchase and implementation of telehealth services, including pilots and demonstrations on the use of electronic health records to coordinate rural veterans care between rural providers and the Department of Veterans Affairs electronic health record system: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 338J(k) of the PHS Act, $10,000,000 shall be available for State Offices of Rural Health: Provided further, That $15,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2020 to support the Rural Residency Development Program: Pro vided further, That $100,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2022, for the Rural Communities Opioids Response Program. 
FAMILY PLANNING  For carrying out the program under title X of the PHS Act to provide for voluntary family planning projects, $286,479,000: Provided, That amounts provided to said projects under such title shall not be expended for abortions, that all pregnancy counseling shall be nondirective, and that such amounts shall not be expended for any activity (including the publication or distribution of literature) that in any way tends to promote public support or opposition to any legislative proposal or candidate for public office. 
PROGRAM MANAGEMENT  For program support in the Health Resources and Services Administration, $155,000,000: Provided, That funds made available under this heading may be used to supplement program support funding provided under the headings ‘‘Primary Health Care’’, ‘‘Health Workforce’’, ‘‘Maternal and Child Health’’, ‘‘Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program’’, ‘‘Health Care Systems’’, and ‘‘Rural Health’’. 
TRUST FUND  For payments from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Program Trust Fund (the ‘‘Trust Fund’’), such sums as may be necessary for claims associated with vaccinerelated injury or death with respect to vaccines administered after September 30, 1988, pursuant to subtitle 2 of title XXI of the PHS Act, to remain available until expended: Pro vided, That for necessary administrative expenses, not to exceed $9,200,000 shall be available from the Trust Fund to the Secretary. CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND  PREVENTION  
IMMUNIZATION AND RESPIRATORY DISEASES  For carrying out titles II, III, XVII, and XXI, and section 2821 of the PHS Act, titles II and IV of the Immigration and Nationality Act, and section 501 of the Refugee Education Assistance Act, with respect to immunization and respiratory diseases, $474,055,000. 
HIV/AIDS, VIRAL HEPATITIS , SEXUALLY TRANS MITTED DISEASES , AND TUBERCULOSIS PRE VENTION  For carrying out titles II, III, XVII, and XXIII of the PHS Act with respect to HIV/ AIDS, viral hepatitis, sexually transmitted diseases, and tuberculosis prevention, $1,127,278,000. EMERGING AND ZOONOTIC INFECTIOUS DISEASES  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII, and section 2821 of the PHS Act, titles II and IV of the Immigration and Nationality Act, and section 501 of the Refugee Education Assistance Act, with respect to emerging and zoonotic infectious diseases, $562,572,000. 
PROMOTION  For carrying out titles II, III, XI, XV, XVII, and XIX of the PHS Act with respect to chronic disease prevention and health promotion, $915,346,000: Provided, That funds appropriated under this account may be available for making grants under section 1509 of the PHS Act for not less than 21 States, tribes, or tribal organizations: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $15,000,000 shall be available to continue and expand community specific extension and outreach programs to combat obesity in counties with the highest levels of obesity: Provided further, That the proportional funding requirements under section 1503(a) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds made available under this heading. 
DISABILITIES AND HEALTH  For carrying out titles II, III, XI, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to birth defects, developmental disabilities, disabilities and health, $140,560,000. 
PUBLIC HEALTH SCIENTIFIC SERVICES  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to health statistics, surveillance, health informatics, and workforce development, $490,397,000. 
ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to environmental health, $188,750,000. 
INJURY PREVENTION AND CONTROL  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to injury prevention and control, $648,559,000, of which $475,579,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019 for an evidencebased opioid drug overdose prevention program. 
SAFETY AND HEALTH  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act, sections 101, 102, 103, 201, 202, 203, 301, and 501 of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act, section 13 of the Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response Act, and sections 20, 21, and 22 of the Occupational Safety and Health Act, with respect to occupational safety and health, $335,200,000. 
COMPENSATION PROGRAM  For necessary expenses to administer the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act, $55,358,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That this amount shall be available consistent with the provision regarding administrative expenses in section 151(b) of division B, title I of Public Law 106–554. 
GLOBAL HEALTH  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to global health, $488,621,000, of which (1) $128,421,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2019 for international HIV/AIDS and (2) $50,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2020 for Global Disease Detection and Emergency Response: Provided, That funds may be used for purchase and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries. 
PUBLIC HEALTH PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to public health preparedness and response, and for expenses necessary to support activities related to countering potential biological, nuclear, radiological, and chemical threats to civilian populations, $1,450,000,000, of which $610,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the Strategic National Stockpile: Provided, That in the event the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (referred to in this title as ‘‘CDC’’) activates the Emergency Operations Center, the Director of the CDC may detail CDC staff without reimbursement for up to 90 days to support the work of the CDC Emergency Operations Center, so long as the Director provides a notice to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 15 days of the use of this authority and a full report within 30 days after use of this authority which includes the number of staff and funding level broken down by the originating center and number of days detailed: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be used to support a contract for the operation and maintenance of an aircraft in direct support of activities throughout CDC to ensure the agency is prepared to address public health preparedness emergencies. BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For acquisition of real property, equipment, construction, demolition, and renovation of facilities, $270,000,000, which shall remain available until September 30, 2022, of which $240,000,000 shall be for a CDC biosafety level 4 laboratory: Provided, That in addition to the amount provided, $240,000,000 shall be for a CDC biosafety level 4 laboratory for the purposes described in the previous proviso and shall be derived by transfer from the Fund established by Public Law 110–161, division G, title II, section 223 and shall remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided further, That funds previously setaside by CDC for repair and upgrade of the Lake Lynn Experimental Mine and Laboratory shall be used to acquire a replacement mine safety research facility: Provided further, That in addition, the prior year unobligated balance of any amounts assigned to former employees in accounts of CDC made available for Individual Learning Accounts shall be credited to and merged with the amounts made available under this heading to support the replacement of the mine safety research facility. 
CDCWIDE ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAM SUPPORT  For carrying out titles II, III, XVII and XIX, and section 2821 of the PHS Act and for crosscutting activities and program support for activities funded in other appropriations included in this Act for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, $113,570,000: Provided, That paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b) of section 2821 of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds appropriated under this heading and in all other accounts of the CDC: Provided further, That employees of CDC or the Public Health Service, both civilian and commissioned officers, detailed to States, municipalities, or other organizations under authority of section 214 of the PHS Act, or in overseas assignments, shall be treated as nonFederal employees for reporting purposes only and shall not be included within any personnel ceiling applicable to the Agency, Service, or HHS during the period of detail or assignment: Provided further, That CDC may use up to $10,000 from amounts appropriated to CDC in this Act for official reception and representation expenses when specifically approved by the Director of CDC: Provided further, That in addition, such sums as may be derived from authorized user fees, which shall be credited to 
the appropriation charged with the cost thereof: Provided further, That with respect to the previous proviso, authorized user fees from the Vessel Sanitation Program and the Respirator Certification Program shall be available through September 30, 2019. NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
NATIONAL CANCER INSTITUTE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to cancer, $5,664,800,000, of which up to $30,000,000 may be used for facilities repairs and improvements at the National Cancer Institute— Frederick Federally Funded Research and Development Center in Frederick, Maryland. 
NATIONAL HEART , LUNG , AND BLOOD INSTITUTE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to cardiovascular, lung, and blood diseases, and blood and blood products, $3,383,201,000. 
CRANIOFACIAL RESEARCH  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to dental and craniofacial diseases, $447,735,000. 
DIGESTIVE AND KIDNEY DISEASES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to diabetes and digestive and kidney disease, $1,970,797,000. 
DISORDERS AND STROKE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to neurological disorders and stroke, $2,145,149,000: Provided, That $250,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019 for research related to opioid addiction, development of opioid alternatives, pain management, and addiction treatment: Provided further, That each for profit recipient of funds provided in the previous proviso shall be subject to a matching requirement of funds or documented inkind contributions of not less than 50 percent of the total funds awarded to such entity. 
INFECTIOUS DISEASES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to allergy and infectious diseases, $5,260,210,000. 
SCIENCES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to general medical sciences, $2,785,400,000, of which $922,871,000 shall be from funds available under section 241 of the PHS Act: Provided, That not less than $350,575,000 is provided for the Institutional Development Awards program. 
OF CHILD HEALTH AND HUMAN DEVELOPMENT  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to child health and human development, $1,452,006,000. 
NATIONAL EYE INSTITUTE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to eye diseases and visual disorders, $772,317,000. 
HEALTH SCIENCES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to environmental health sciences, $751,143,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON AGING  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to aging, $2,574,091,000. 
MUSCULOSKELETAL AND SKIN DISEASES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to arthritis and musculoskeletal and skin diseases, $586,661,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON DEAFNESS AND OTHER  
COMMUNICATION DISORDERS  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to deafness and other communication disorders, $459,974,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF NURSING RESEARCH  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to nursing research, $158,033,000. 
ALCOHOLISM  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to alcohol abuse and alcoholism, $509,573,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON DRUG ABUSE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to drug abuse, $1,383,603,000: Provided, That $250,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019 for research related to opioid addiction, development of opioid alternatives, pain management, and addiction treatment: Provided further, That each forprofit recipient of funds provided in the previous proviso shall be subject to a matching requirement of funds or documented inkind contributions of not less than 50 percent of the total funds awarded to such entity. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF MENTAL HEALTH  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to mental health, $1,711,775,000. 
NATIONAL HUMAN GENOME RESEARCH INSTITUTE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to human genome research, $556,881,000. 
AND BIOENGINEERING  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to biomedical imaging and bioengineering research, $377,871,000. 
INTEGRATIVE HEALTH  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to complementary and integrative health, $142,184,000. 
HEALTH DISPARITIES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to minority health and health disparities research, $303,200,000. 
JOHN E . FOGARTY INTERNATIONAL CENTER  For carrying out the activities of the John E. Fogarty International Center (described in subpart 2 of part E of title IV of the PHS Act), $75,733,000. 
NATIONAL LIBRARY OF MEDICINE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to health information communications, $428,553,000: Provided, That of the amounts available for improvement of information systems, $4,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019: Pro vided further, That in fiscal year 2018, the National Library of Medicine may enter into personal services contracts for the provision of services in facilities owned, operated, or constructed under the jurisdiction of the National Institutes of Health (referred to in this title as ‘‘NIH’’). 
TRANSLATIONAL SCIENCES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to translational sciences, $742,354,000: Provided, That up to $25,835,000 shall be available to implement section 480 of the PHS Act, relating to the Cures Acceleration Network: Provided further, That at least $542,771,000 is provided to the Clinical and Translational Sciences Awards program. OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR  For carrying out the responsibilities of the Office of the Director, NIH, $1,803,293,000: Provided, That funding shall be available for the purchase of not to exceed 29 passenger motor vehicles for replacement only: Pro vided further, That all funds credited to the NIH Management Fund shall remain available for one fiscal year after the fiscal year in which they are deposited: Provided further, That $165,000,000 shall be for the National Children’s Study Followon: Provided further, That $588,116,000 shall be available for the Common Fund established under section 402A(c)(1) of the PHS Act: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $10,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses when specifically approved by the Director of the NIH: Provided further, That the Office of AIDS Research within the Office of the Director of the NIH may spend up to $8,000,000 to make grants for construction or renovation of facilities as provided for in section 2354(a)(5)(B) of the PHS Act. In addition to other funds appropriated for the Common Fund established under section 402A(c) of the PHS Act, $12,600,000 is appropriated to the Common Fund for the purpose of carrying out section 402(b)(7)(B)(ii) of the PHS Act (relating to pediatric research), as authorized in the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act. 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For the study of, construction of, demolition of, renovation of, and acquisition of equipment for, facilities of or used by NIH, including the acquisition of real property, $128,863,000, to remain available through September 30, 2022. 
NIH INNOVATION ACCOUNT , CURES ACT  For necessary expenses to carry out the purposes described in section 1001(b)(4) of the 21st Century Cures Act, in addition to amounts available for such purposes in the appropriations provided to the NIH in this Act, $496,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts are appropriated pursuant to section 1001(b)(3) of such Act, are to be derived from amounts transferred under section 1001(b)(2)(A) of such Act, and may be transferred by the Director of the National Institutes of Health to other accounts of the National Institutes of Health solely for the purposes provided in such Act: Provided further, That upon a determination by the Director that funds transferred pursuant to the previous proviso are not necessary for the purposes provided, such amounts may be transferred back to the Account: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. SUBSTANCE ABUSE AND MENTAL HEALTH  SERVICES ADMINISTRATION  
MENTAL HEALTH  For carrying out titles III, V, and XIX of the PHS Act with respect to mental health, and the Protection and Advocacy for Individuals with Mental Illness Act, $1,453,972,000: Provided, That notwithstanding section 520A(f)(2) of the PHS Act, no funds appropriated for carrying out section 520A shall be available for carrying out section 1971 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That in addition to amounts provided herein, $21,039,000 shall be available under section 241 of the PHS Act to carry out subpart I of part B of title XIX of the PHS Act to fund section 1920(b) technical assistance, national data, data collection and evaluation activities, and further that the total available under this Act for section 1920(b) activities shall not exceed 5 
percent of the amounts appropriated for subpart I of part B of title XIX: Provided further, That up to 10 percent of the amounts made available to carry out the Children’s Mental Health Services program may be used to carry out demonstration grants or contracts for early interventions with persons not more than 25 years of age at clinical high risk of developing a first episode of psychosis: Provided further, That section 520E(b)(2) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds appropriated in this Act for fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That States shall expend at least 10 percent of the amount each receives for carrying out section 1911 of the PHS Act to support evidencebased programs that address the needs of individuals with early serious mental illness, including psychotic disorders, regardless of the age of the individual at onset: Provided further, That $100,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020 for grants to communities and community organizations who meet criteria for Certified Community Behavioral Health Clinics pursuant to section 223(a) of Public Law 11393: Provided further, That none of the funds provided for section 1911 of the PHS Act shall be subject to section 241 of such Act: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $15,000,000 shall be to carry out section 224 of the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–93; 42 U.S.C. 290aa 22 note). 
SUBSTANCE ABUSE TREATMENT  For carrying out titles III and V of the PHS Act with respect to substance abuse treatment and title XIX of such Act with respect to substance abuse treatment and prevention, $3,182,306,000: Provided, That $1,000,000,000 shall be for State Opioid Response Grants for carrying out activities pertaining to opioids undertaken by the State agency responsible for administering the substance abuse prevention and treatment block grant under subpart II of part B of title XIX of the PHS Act (42 U.S.C. 300x–21 et seq.): Provided further, That of such amount $50,000,000 shall be made available to Indian Tribes or tribal organizations: Provided further, That 15 percent of the remaining amount shall be for the States with the highest mortality rate related to opioid use disorders: Provided further, That of the amounts provided for State Opioid Response Grants not more than 2 percent shall be available for Federal administrative expenses, training, technical assistance, and evaluation: Provided further, That of the amount not reserved by the previous three provisos, the Secretary shall make allocations to States, territories, and the District of Columbia according to a formula using national survey results that the Secretary determines are the most objective and reliable measure of drug use and drugrelated deaths: Provided further, That the Secretary shall submit the formula methodology to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not less than 30 days prior to publishing a Funding Opportunity Announcement: Provided further, That pre vention and treatment activities funded through such grants may include education, treatment (including the provision of medication), behavioral health services for individuals in treatment programs, referral to treatment services, recovery support, and medical screening associated with such treatment: Provided further, That each State, as well as the District of Columbia, shall receive not less than $4,000,000: Provided further, That in addition to amounts provided herein, the following amounts shall be available under section 241 of the PHS Act: (1) $79,200,000 to carry out subpart II of part B of title XIX of the PHS Act to fund section 1935(b) technical assistance, national data, data collection and evaluation activities, and further that the total available under this Act for section 1935(b) activities shall not exceed 5 percent of the amounts appropriated for subpart II of part B of title XIX; and (2) $2,000,000 to evaluate substance abuse treatment programs: Provided further, That none of the funds provided for section 1921 of the PHS Act or State Opioid Response Grants shall be subject to section 241 of such Act. SUBSTANCE ABUSE PREVENTION  For carrying out titles III and V of the PHS Act with respect to substance abuse prevention, $248,219,000. 
HEALTH SURVEILLANCE AND PROGRAM SUPPORT  For program support and crosscutting activities that supplement activities funded under the headings ‘‘Mental Health’’, ‘‘Substance Abuse Treatment’’, and ‘‘Substance Abuse Prevention’’ in carrying out titles III, V, and XIX of the PHS Act and the Protection and Advocacy for Individuals with Mental Illness Act in the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, $128,830,000: Provided, That in addition to amounts provided herein, $31,428,000 shall be available under section 241 of the PHS Act to supplement funds available to carry out national surveys on drug abuse and mental health, to collect and analyze program data, and to conduct public awareness and technical assistance activities: Provided further, That, in addition, fees may be collected for the costs of publications, data, data tabulations, and data analysis completed under title V of the PHS Act and provided to a public or private entity upon request, which shall be credited to this appropriation and shall remain available until expended for such purposes: Provided further, That amounts made available in this Act for carrying out section 501(m) of the PHS Act shall remain available through September 30, 2019: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading may be used to supplement program support funding provided under the headings ‘‘Mental Health’’, ‘‘Substance Abuse Treatment’’, and ‘‘Substance Abuse Prevention’’. AGENCY FOR HEALTHCARE RESEARCH AND  QUALITY  
HEALTHCARE RESEARCH AND QUALITY  For carrying out titles III and IX of the PHS Act, part A of title XI of the Social Security Act, and section 1013 of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, $334,000,000: Provided, That section 947(c) of the PHS Act shall not apply in fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That in addition, amounts received from Freedom of Information Act fees, reimbursable and interagency agreements, and the sale of data shall be credited to this appropriation and shall remain available until September 30, 2019. CENTERS FOR MEDICARE AND MEDICAID  SERVICES  
GRANTS TO STATES FOR MEDICAID  For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, titles XI and XIX of the Social Security Act, $284,798,384,000, to remain available until expended. For making, after May 31, 2018, payments to States under title XIX or in the case of section 1928 on behalf of States under title XIX of the Social Security Act for the last quarter of fiscal year 2018 for unanticipated costs incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. For making payments to States or in the case of section 1928 on behalf of States under title XIX of the Social Security Act for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, $134,847,759,000, to remain available until expended. Payment under such title XIX may be made for any quarter with respect to a State plan or plan amendment in effect during such quarter, if submitted in or prior to such quarter and approved in that or any subsequent quarter. PAYMENTS TO HEALTH CARE TRUST FUNDS  For payment to the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund, as provided under sections 217(g), 1844, and 1860D–16 of the Social Security Act, sections 103(c) and 111(d) of the Social Security Amendments of 1965, section 278(d)(3) of Public Law 97–248, and for administrative expenses incurred pursuant to section 201(g) of the Social Security Act, $323,497,300,000. In addition, for making matching payments under section 1844 and benefit payments under section 1860D–16 of the Social Security Act that were not anticipated in budget estimates, such sums as may be necessary. 
PROGRAM MANAGEMENT  For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, titles XI, XVIII, XIX, and XXI of the Social Security Act, titles XIII and XXVII of the PHS Act, the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988, and other responsibilities of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, not to exceed $3,669,744,000, to be transferred from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund, as authorized by section 201(g) of the Social Security Act; together with all funds collected in accordance with section 353 of the PHS Act and section 1857(e)(2) of the Social Security Act, funds retained by the Secretary pursuant to section 1893(h) of the Social Security Act, and such sums as may be collected from authorized user fees and the sale of data, which shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended: Provided, That all funds derived in accordance with 31 U.S.C. 9701 from organizations established under title XIII of the PHS Act shall be credited to and available for carrying out the purposes of this appropriation: Provided further, That the Secretary is directed to collect fees in fiscal year 2018 from Medicare Advantage organizations pursuant to section 1857(e)(2) of the Social Security Act and from eligible organizations with risksharing contracts under section 1876 of that Act pursuant to section 1876(k)(4)(D) of that Act. 
ACCOUNT  In addition to amounts otherwise available for program integrity and program management, $745,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2019, to be transferred from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund, as authorized by section 201(g) of the Social Security Act, of which $500,368,000 shall be for the Medicare Integrity Program at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, including administrative costs, to conduct oversight activities for Medicare Advantage under Part C and the Medicare Prescription Drug Program under Part D of the Social Security Act and for activities described in section 1893(b) of such Act, of which $84,398,000 shall be for the Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General to carry out fraud and abuse activities authorized by section 1817(k)(3) of such Act, of which $84,398,000 shall be for the Medicaid and Children’s Health Insurance Program (‘‘CHIP’’) program integrity activities, and of which $75,836,000 shall be for the Department of Justice to carry out fraud and abuse activities authorized by section 1817(k)(3) of such 
Act: Provided, That the report required by section 1817(k)(5) of the Social Security Act for fiscal year 2018 shall include measures of the operational efficiency and impact on fraud, waste, and abuse in the Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP programs for the funds provided by this appropriation: Provided further, That of the amount provided under this heading, $311,000,000 is provided to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(C)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended, and $434,000,000 is additional new budget authority specified for purposes of section 251(b)(2)(C) of such Act: Provided further, That the Secretary shall provide not less than $17,621,000 for the Senior Medicare Patrol program to combat health care fraud and abuse from the funds provided to this account. ADMINISTRATION FOR CHILDREN AND FAMILIES  
ENFORCEMENT AND FAMILY SUPPORT PROGRAMS  For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, titles I, IV–D, X, XI, XIV, and XVI of the Social Security Act and the Act of July 5, 1960, $2,995,400,000, to remain available until expended; and for such purposes for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, $1,400,000,000, to remain available until expended. For carrying out, after May 31 of the current fiscal year, except as otherwise provided, titles I, IV–D, X, XI, XIV, and XVI of the Social Security Act and the Act of July 5, 1960, for the last 3 months of the current fiscal year for unanticipated costs, incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. 
LOW INCOME HOME ENERGY ASSISTANCE  For making payments under subsections (b) and (d) of section 2602 of the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Act of 1981, $3,640,304,000: Provided, That all but $678,500,000 of this amount shall be allocated as though the total appropriation for such payments for fiscal year 2018 was less than $1,975,000,000: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 2609A(a), of the amounts appropriated under section 2602(b), not more than $2,988,000 of such amounts may be reserved by the Secretary for technical assistance, training, and monitoring of program activities for compliance with internal controls, policies and procedures and may, in addition to the authorities provided in section 2609A(a)(1), use such funds through contracts with private entities that do not qualify as nonprofit organizations. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for refugee and entrant assistance activities authorized by section 414 of the Immigration and Nationality Act and section 501 of the Refugee Education Assistance Act of 1980, and for carrying out section 462 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, section 235 of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008, the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (‘‘TVPA’’), and the Torture Victims Relief Act of 1998, $1,864,936,000, of which $1,830,446,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2020 for carrying out such sections 414, 501, 462, and 235: Provided, That amounts available under this heading to carry out the TVPA shall also be available for research and evaluation with respect to activities under such Act: Provided further, That the limitation in section 205 of this Act regarding transfers increasing any appropriation shall apply to transfers to appropriations under this heading by substituting ‘‘10 percent’’ for ‘‘3 percent’’. 
DEVELOPMENT BLOCK GRANT  For carrying out the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (‘‘CCDBG Act’’), $5,226,000,000 shall be used to supplement, not supplant State general revenue funds for child care assistance for lowincome families: Provided, That technical assistance under section 658I(a)(3) of such Act may be provided directly, or through the use of contracts, grants, cooperative agreements, or interagency agreements: Provided further, That all funds made available to carry out section 418 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 618), including funds appropriated for that purpose in such section 418 or any other provision of law, shall be subject to the reservation of funds authority in paragraphs (4) and (5) of section 658O(a) of the CCDBG Act: Provided further, That in addition to the amounts required to be reserved by the Secretary under section 658O(a)(2)(A) of such Act, $156,780,000 shall be for Indian tribes and tribal organizations. SOCIAL SERVICES BLOCK GRANT  For making grants to States pursuant to section 2002 of the Social Security Act, $1,700,000,000: Provided, That notwithstanding subparagraph (B) of section 404(d)(2) of such Act, the applicable percent specified under such subparagraph for a State to carry out State programs pursuant to title XX–A of such Act shall be 10 percent. 
CHILDREN AND FAMILIES SERVICES PROGRAMS  For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, the Head Start Act, the Every Student Succeeds Act, the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act, sections 303 and 313 of the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act, the Native American Programs Act of 1974, title II of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment and Adoption Reform Act of 1978 (adoption opportunities), part B–1 of title IV and sections 429, 473A, 477(i), 1110, 1114A, and 1115 of the Social Security Act, and the Community Services Block Grant Act (‘‘CSBG Act’’); and for necessary administrative expenses to carry out titles I, IV, V, X, XI, XIV, XVI, and XX–A of the Social Security Act, the Act of July 5, 1960, the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Act of 1981, the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990, the Assets for Independence Act, title IV of the Immigration and Nationality Act, and section 501 of the Refugee Education Assistance Act of 1980, $12,022,225,000, of which $75,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2019, shall be for grants to States for adoption and legal guardianship incentive payments, as defined by section 473A of the Social Security Act and may be made for adoptions and legal guardianships completed before September 30, 2018: Provided, That $9,863,095,000 shall be for making payments under the Head Start Act: Provided further, That of the amount in the previous proviso, $8,823,095,000 shall be available for payments under section 640 of the Head Start Act, of which $216,000,000 shall be available for a cost of living adjustment notwithstanding section 640(a)(3)(A) of such Act: Provided further, That notwithstanding such section 640, of the amount in the second preceding proviso, $260,000,000 (of which up to one percent may be reserved for research and evaluation) shall be available through March 31, 2019 for award by the Secretary to grantees that apply for supplemental funding to increase their hours of program operations and for training and technical assistance for such activities: Pro vided further, That of the amount provided for making payments under the Head Start Act, $25,000,000 shall be available for allocation by the Secretary to supplement activities described in paragraphs (7)(B) and (9) of section 641(c) of such Act under the Designation Renewal System, established under the authority of sections 641(c)(7), 645A(b)(12) and 645A(d) of such Act: Provided further, That notwithstanding such section 640, of the amount provided for making payments under the Head Start Act, and in addition to funds otherwise available under such section 640 for such purposes, $755,000,000 shall be available through March 31, 2019 for Early Head Start programs as described in section 645A of such Act, for conversion of Head Start services to Early Head Start services as described in section 645(a)(5)(A) of such Act, for discretionary grants for high quality infant and toddler care through Early Head Start Child Care Partnerships, to entities defined as eligible under section 645A(d) of such Act, for training and technical assistance for such activities, and for up to $16,000,000 in Federal costs of administration and evaluation, and, notwithstanding section 645A(c)(2) of such Act, these funds are available to serve children under age 4: Provided further, That funds described in the preceding two provisos shall not be included in the calculation of ‘‘base grant’’ in subsequent fiscal years, as such term is used in section 640(a)(7)(A) of such Act: Provided further, That $250,000,000 shall be available until December 31, 2018 for carrying out sections 9212 and 9213 of the Every Student Succeeds Act: Provided further, That up to 3 percent of the funds in the preceding proviso shall be available for technical assistance and evaluation related to grants awarded under such section 9212: Provided further, That $742,883,000 shall be for making payments under the CSBG Act: Provided further, That $28,233,000 shall be for sections 680 and 678E(b)(2) of the CSBG Act, of which not less than $19,883,000 shall be for section 680(a)(2) and not less than $8,000,000 shall be for section 680(a)(3)(B) of such Act: Provided further, That, notwithstanding section 675C(a)(3) of such Act, to the extent Community Services Block Grant funds are distributed as grant funds by a State to an eligible entity as provided under such Act, and have not been expended by such entity, they shall remain with such entity for carryover into the next fiscal year for expenditure by such entity consistent with program purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary shall establish procedures regarding the disposition of intangible assets and program income that permit such assets acquired with, and program income derived from, grant funds authorized under section 680 of the CSBG Act to become the sole property of such grantees after a period of not more than 12 years after the end of the grant period for any activity consistent with section 680(a)(2)(A) of the CSBG Act: Provided further, That intangible assets in the form of loans, equity investments and other debt instruments, and program income may be used by grantees for any eligible purpose consistent with section 680(a)(2)(A) of the CSBG Act: Provided further, That these procedures shall apply to such grant funds made available after November 29, 1999: Provided further, That funds appropriated for section 680(a)(2) of the CSBG Act shall be available for financing construction and rehabilitation and loans or investments in private business enterprises owned by community development corporations: Provided further, That $160,000,000 shall be for carrying out section 303(a) of the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act, of which $5,000,000 shall be allocated notwithstanding section 303(a)(2) of such Act for carrying out section 309 of such Act: Provided further, That the percentages specified in section 112(a)(2) of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act shall not apply to funds appropriated under this heading: Pro vided further That $1,864,000 shall be for a human services case management system for federally declared disasters, to include a comprehensive national case management contract and Federal costs of administering the system: Provided further, That up to 
$2,000,000 shall be for improving the Public Assistance Reporting Information System, including grants to States to support data collection for a study of the system’s effectiveness. 
PROMOTING SAFE AND STABLE FAMILIES  For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, section 436 of the Social Security Act, $345,000,000 and, for carrying out, except as otherwise provided, section 437 of such Act, $99,765,000: Provided, That of the funds available to carry out section 437, $59,765,000 shall be allocated consistent with subsections (b) through (d) of such section (as such section shall be so in effect on October 1, 2018): Pro vided further, That of the funds available to carry out section 437, to assist in meeting the requirements described in section 471(e)(4)(C) (as such section shall be so in effect on October 1, 2018), $20,000,000 shall be for grants to each State, territory, and Indian tribe operating title IV–E plans for developing, enhancing, or evaluating kinship navigator programs, as described in section 427(a)(1) of such Act, and $20,000,000, in addition to funds otherwise appropriated in section 436 for such purposes, shall be for competitive grants to regional partnerships as described in section 437(f): Provided further, That section 437(b)(1) shall be applied to amounts in the previous proviso by substituting ‘‘5 percent’’ for ‘‘3.3 percent’’, and notwithstanding section 436(b)(1), such reserved amounts may be used for identifying, establishing, and disseminating practices to meet the criteria specified in section 471(e)(4)(C) (as such section shall be so in effect on October 1, 2018): Provided further, That the reservation in section 437(b)(2) and the limitations in section 437(d) shall not apply to funds specified in the second proviso: Provided further, That the minimum grant award for kinship navigator programs in the case of States and territories shall be $200,000, and, in the case of tribes, shall be $25,000. 
PAYMENTS FOR FOSTER CARE AND PERMANENCY  For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, title IV–E of the Social Security Act, $6,225,000,000. For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, title IV–E of the Social Security Act, for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, $2,700,000,000. For carrying out, after May 31 of the current fiscal year, except as otherwise provided, section 474 of title IV–E of the Social Security Act, for the last 3 months of the current fiscal year for unanticipated costs, incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. ADMINISTRATION FOR COMMUNITY LIVING  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, the Older Americans Act of 1965 (‘‘OAA’’), titles III and XXIX of the PHS Act, sections 1252 and 1253 of the PHS Act, section 119 of the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008, title XX– B of the Social Security Act, the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act, parts 2 and 5 of subtitle D of title II of the Help America Vote Act of 2002, the Assistive Technology Act of 1998, titles II and VII (and section 14 with respect to such titles) of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and for Departmentwide coordination of policy and program activities that assist individuals with disabilities, $2,095,100,000, together with $49,115,000 to be transferred from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund to carry out section 4360 of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990: Provided, That amounts appropriated under this heading may be used for grants to States under section 361 of the OAA only for disease prevention and health promotion programs and activities which have been demonstrated through rigorous evaluation to be evidencebased and effective: Provided further, That of amounts made available under this heading to carry out sections 311, 331, and 336 of the OAA, up to one percent of such amounts shall be available for developing and implementing evidencebased practices for enhancing senior nutrition: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, funds made available under this heading to carry out section 311 of the OAA may be transferred to the Secretary of Agriculture in accordance with such section: Provided further, That $2,000,000 shall be for competitive grants to support alternative financing programs that provide for the purchase of assistive technology devices, such as a lowinterest loan fund; an interest buy down program; a revolving loan fund; a loan guarantee; or an insurance program: Provided further, That applicants shall provide an assurance that, and information describing the manner in which, the alternative financing program will expand and emphasize consumer choice and control: Provided further, That State agencies and communitybased disability organizations that are directed by and operated for individuals with disabilities shall be eligible to compete: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used by an eligible system (as defined in section 102 of the Protection and Advocacy for Individuals with Mental Illness Act (42 U.S.C. 10802)) to continue to pursue any legal action in a Federal or State court on behalf of an individual or group of individuals with a developmental disability (as defined in section 102(8)(A) of the Developmental Disabilities and Assistance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 (20 U.S.C. 15002(8)(A)) that is attributable to a mental impairment (or a combination of mental and physical impairments), that has as the requested remedy the closure of State operated intermediate care facilities for people with intellectual or developmental disabilities, unless reasonable public notice of the action has been provided to such individuals (or, in the case of mental incapacitation, the legal guardians who have been specifically awarded authority by the courts to make healthcare and residential decisions on behalf of such individuals) who are affected by such action, within 90 days of instituting such legal action, which informs such individuals (or such legal guardians) of their legal rights and how to exercise such rights consistent with current Federal Rules of Civil Procedure: Provided further, That the limitations in the immediately preceding proviso shall not apply in the case of an individual who is neither competent to consent nor has a legal guardian, nor shall the proviso apply in the case of individuals who are a ward of the State or subject to public guardianship. OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
GENERAL DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided, for general departmental management, including hire of six passenger motor vehicles, and for carrying out titles III, XVII, XXI, and section 229 of the PHS Act, the United StatesMexico Border Health Commission Act, and research studies under section 1110 of the Social Security Act, $470,629,000, together with $64,828,000 from the amounts available under section 241 of the PHS Act to carry out national health or human services research and evaluation activities: Provided, That of this amount, $53,900,000 shall be for minority AIDS prevention and treatment activities: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $101,000,000 shall be for making competitive contracts and grants to public and private entities to fund medically accurate and age appropriate programs that reduce teen pregnancy and for the Federal costs associated with administering and evaluating such contracts and grants, of which not more than 10 percent of the available funds shall be for training and technical assistance, evaluation, outreach, and additional program support activities, and of the remaining amount 75 percent shall be for replicating programs that have been proven effective through rigorous evaluation to reduce teenage pregnancy, behavioral risk factors underlying teenage pregnancy, or other associated risk factors, and 25 percent shall be available for research and demonstration grants to develop, replicate, refine, and test additional models and innovative strategies for preventing teenage pregnancy: Provided further, That of the amounts provided under this heading from amounts available under section 241 of the PHS Act, $6,800,000 shall be available to carry out evaluations (including longitudinal evaluations) of teenage pregnancy prevention approaches: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $25,000,000 shall be for making competitive grants which exclusively implement education in sexual risk avoidance (defined as voluntarily refraining from non marital sexual activity): Provided further, That funding for such competitive grants for sexual risk avoidance shall use medically accurate information referenced to peerreviewed publications by educational, scientific, governmental, or health organizations; implement an evidencebased approach integrating research findings with practical implementation that aligns with the needs and desired outcomes for the intended audience; and teach the benefits associated with selfregulation, success sequencing for poverty prevention, healthy relationships, goal setting, and resisting sexual coercion, dating violence, and other youth risk behaviors such as underage drinking or illicit drug use without normalizing teen sexual activity: Provided further, That no more than 10 percent of the funding for such competitive grants for sexual risk avoidance shall be available for technical assistance and administrative costs of such programs: Provided further, That funds provided in this Act for embryo adoption activities may be used to provide to individuals adopting embryos, through grants and other mechanisms, medical and administrative services deemed necessary for such adoptions: Provided further, That such services shall be provided consistent with 42 CFR 59.5(a)(4). ACCOUNT FOR THE STATE RESPONSE TO THE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the purposes described in section 1003(c) of the 21st Century Cures Act, $500,000,000 to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts are appropriated pursuant to section 1003(b)(3) of such Act, are to be derived from amounts transferred under section 1003(b)(2)(A) of such Act, and may be transferred by the Secretary of Health and Human Services to other accounts of the Department solely for the purposes provided in such Act: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. 
OFFICE OF MEDICARE HEARINGS AND APPEALS  For expenses necessary for the Office of Medicare Hearings and Appeals, $182,381,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019, to be transferred in appropriate part 
from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund. 
HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  For expenses necessary for the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology, including grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements for the development and advancement of interoperable health information technology, $60,367,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General, including the hire of passenger motor vehicles for investigations, in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $80,000,000: Provided, That of such amount, necessary sums shall be available for providing protective services to the Secretary and investigating nonpayment of child support cases for which non payment is a Federal offense under 18 U.S.C. 228. 
OFFICE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS  For expenses necessary for the Office for Civil Rights, $38,798,000. 
COMMISSIONED OFFICERS  For retirement pay and medical benefits of Public Health Service Commissioned Officers as authorized by law, for payments under the Retired Serviceman’s Family Protection Plan and Survivor Benefit Plan, and for medical care of dependents and retired personnel under the Dependents’ Medical Care Act, such amounts as may be required during the current fiscal year. 
EMERGENCY FUND  For expenses necessary to support activities related to countering potential biological, nuclear, radiological, chemical, and cybersecurity threats to civilian populations, and for other public health emergencies, $993,458,000, of which $536,700,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for expenses necessary to support advanced research and development pursuant to section 319L of the PHS Act and other administrative expenses of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority: Pro vided, That funds provided under this heading for the purpose of acquisition of security countermeasures shall be in addition to any other funds available for such purpose: Pro vided further, That products purchased with funds provided under this heading may, at the discretion of the Secretary, be deposited in the Strategic National Stockpile pursuant to section 319F–2 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That $5,000,000 of the amounts made available to support emergency operations shall remain available through September 30, 2020. For expenses necessary for procuring security countermeasures (as defined in section 319F–2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act), $710,000,000, to remain available until expended. For an additional amount for expenses necessary to prepare for or respond to an influenza pandemic, $250,000,000; of which $215,000,000 shall be available until expended, for activities including the development and purchase of vaccine, antivirals, necessary medical supplies, diagnostics, and other surveillance tools: Provided, That notwithstanding section 496(b) of the PHS Act, funds may be used for the construction or renovation of privately owned facilities for the production of pandemic influenza vaccines and other biologics, if the Secretary finds such construction or renovation necessary to secure sufficient supplies of such vaccines or biologics. GENERAL PROVISIONS  SEC. 201. Funds appropriated in this title shall be available for not to exceed $50,000 for official reception and representation expenses when specifically approved by the Secretary. SEC. 202. None of the funds appropriated in this title shall be used to pay the salary of an individual, through a grant or other extramural mechanism, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II. SEC. 203. None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be expended pursuant to section 241 of the PHS Act, except for funds specifically provided for in this Act, or for other taps and assessments made by any office located in HHS, prior to the preparation and submission of a report by the Secretary to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the planned uses of such funds. SEC. 204. Notwithstanding section 241(a) of the PHS Act, such portion as the Secretary shall determine, but not more than 2.5 percent, of any amounts appropriated for programs authorized under such Act shall be made available for the evaluation (directly, or by grants or contracts) and the implementation and effectiveness of programs funded in this title. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 205. Not to exceed 1 percent of any discretionary funds (pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) which are appropriated for the current fiscal year for HHS in this Act may be transferred between appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the transfer authority granted by this section shall not be used to create any new program or to fund any project or activity for which no funds are provided in this Act: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. SEC. 206. In lieu of the timeframe specified in section 338E(c)(2) of the PHS Act, terminations described in such section may occur up to 60 days after the execution of a contract awarded in fiscal year 2018 under section 338B of such Act. SEC. 207. None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be made available to any entity under title X of the PHS Act unless the applicant for the award certifies to the Secretary that it encourages family participation in the decision of minors to seek family planning services and that it provides counseling to minors on how to resist attempts to coerce minors into engaging in sexual activities. SEC. 208. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no provider of services under title X of the PHS Act shall be exempt from any State law requiring notification or the reporting of child abuse, child molestation, sexual abuse, rape, or incest. SEC. 209. None of the funds appropriated by this Act (including funds appropriated to any trust fund) may be used to carry out the Medicare Advantage program if the Secretary denies participation in such program to an otherwise eligible entity (including a Provider Sponsored Organization) because the entity informs the Secretary that it will not provide, pay for, provide coverage of, or provide referrals for abortions: Provided, That the Secretary shall make appropriate prospective adjustments to the capitation payment to such an entity (based on an actuarially sound estimate of the expected costs of providing the service to such entity’s enrollees): Provided further, That nothing in this section shall be construed to change the Medicare program’s coverage for such services and a Medicare Advantage organization described in this section shall be responsible for informing enrollees where to obtain information about all Medicare covered services. SEC. 210. None of the funds made available in this title may be used, in whole or in part, to advocate or promote gun control. SEC. 211. The Secretary shall make available through assignment not more than 60 employees of the Public Health Service to assist in child survival activities and to work in AIDS programs through and with funds provided by the Agency for International Development, the United Nations International Children’s Emergency Fund or the World Health Organization. SEC. 212. In order for HHS to carry out international health activities, including HIV/AIDS and other infectious disease, chronic and environmental disease, and other health activities abroad during fiscal year 2018: (1) The Secretary may exercise authority equivalent to that available to the Secretary of State in section 2(c) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956. The Secretary shall consult with the Secretary of State and relevant Chief of Mission to ensure that the authority provided in this section is exercised in a manner consistent with section 207 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 and other applicable statutes administered by the Department of State. (2) The Secretary is authorized to provide such funds by advance or reimbursement to the Secretary of State as may be necessary to pay the costs of acquisition, lease, alteration, renovation, and management of facilities outside of the United States for the use of HHS. The Department of State shall cooperate fully with the Secretary to ensure that HHS has secure, safe, functional facilities that comply with applicable regulation governing location, setback, and other facilities requirements and serve the purposes established by this Act. The Secretary is authorized, in consultation with the Secretary of State, through grant or cooperative agreement, to make available to public or nonprofit private institutions or agencies in participating foreign countries, funds to acquire, lease, alter, or renovate facilities in those countries as necessary to conduct programs of assistance for international health activities, including activities relating to HIV/AIDS and other infectious diseases, chronic and environmental diseases, and other health activities abroad. (3) The Secretary is authorized to provide to personnel appointed or assigned by the Secretary to serve abroad, allowances and benefits similar to those provided under chapter 9 of title I of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, and 22 U.S.C. 4081 through 4086 and subject to such regulations prescribed by the Secretary. The Secretary is further authorized to provide localitybased comparability payments (stated as a percentage) up to the amount of the localitybased comparability payment (stated as a percentage) that would be payable to such personnel under section 5304 of title 5, United States Code if such personnel’s official duty station were in the District of Columbia. Leaves of absence for personnel under this subsection shall be on the same basis as that provided under subchapter I of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, or section 903 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, to individuals serving in the Foreign Service. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 213. The Director of the NIH, jointly with the Director of the Office of AIDS Research, may transfer up to 3 percent among institutes and centers from the total amounts identified by these two Directors as funding for research pertaining to the human immunodeficiency virus: Provided, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House 
of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 214. Of the amounts made available in this Act for NIH, the amount for research related to the human immunodeficiency virus, as jointly determined by the Director of NIH and the Director of the Office of AIDS Research, shall be made available to the ‘‘Office of AIDS Research’’ account. The Director of the Office of AIDS Research shall transfer from such account amounts necessary to carry out section 2353(d)(3) of the PHS Act. SEC. 215. (a) A UTHORITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Director of NIH (‘‘Director’’) may use funds authorized under section 402(b)(12) of the PHS Act to enter into transactions (other than contracts, cooperative agreements, or grants) to carry out research identified pursuant to or research and activities described in such section 402(b)(12). (b) PEERREVIEW .—In entering into transactions under subsection (a), the Director may utilize such peer review procedures (including consultation with appropriate scientific experts) as the Director determines to be appropriate to obtain assessments of scientific and technical merit. Such procedures shall apply to such transactions in lieu of the peer review and advisory council review procedures that would otherwise be required under sections 301(a)(3), 405(b)(1)(B), 405(b)(2), 406(a)(3)(A), 492, and 494 of the PHS Act. SEC. 216. Not to exceed $45,000,000 of funds appropriated by this Act to the institutes and centers of the National Institutes of Health may be used for alteration, repair, or improvement of facilities, as necessary for the proper and efficient conduct of the activities authorized herein, at not to exceed $3,500,000 per project. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 217. Of the amounts made available for NIH, 1 percent of the amount made available for National Research Service Awards (‘‘NRSA’’) shall be made available to the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration to make NRSA awards for research in primary medical care to individuals affiliated with entities who have received grants or contracts under sections 736, 739, or 747 of the PHS Act, and 1 percent of the amount made available for NRSA shall be made available to the Director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality to make NRSA awards for health service research. SEC. 218. (a) The Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (‘‘BARDA’’) may enter into a contract, for more than one but no more than 10 program years, for purchase of research services or of security countermeasures, as that term is defined in section 319F–2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(c)(1)(B)), if— (1) funds are available and obligated— (A) for the full period of the contract or for the first fiscal year in which the contract is in effect; and (B) for the estimated costs associated with a necessary termination of the contract; and (2) the Secretary determines that a multi year contract will serve the best interests of the Federal Government by encouraging full and open competition or promoting economy in administration, performance, and operation of BARDA’s programs. (b) A contract entered into under this section— (1) shall include a termination clause as described by subsection (c) of section 3903 of title 41, United States Code; and (2) shall be subject to the congressional notice requirement stated in subsection (d) of such section. SEC. 219. (a) The Secretary shall publish in the fiscal year 2020 budget justification and on Departmental Web sites information concerning the employment of fulltime equivalent Federal employees or contractors for the purposes of implementing, administering, enforcing, or otherwise carrying out the provisions of the ACA, and the amendments made by that Act, in the proposed fiscal year and each fiscal year since the enactment of the ACA. (b) With respect to employees or contractors supported by all funds appropriated for purposes of carrying out the ACA (and the amendments made by that Act), the Secretary shall include, at a minimum, the following information: (1) For each such fiscal year, the section of such Act under which such funds were appropriated, a statement indicating the program, project, or activity receiving such funds, the Federal operating division or office that administers such program, and the amount of funding received in discretionary or mandatory appropriations. (2) For each such fiscal year, the number of fulltime equivalent employees or contracted employees assigned to each authorized and funded provision detailed in accordance with paragraph (1). (c) In carrying out this section, the Secretary may exclude from the report employees or contractors who— (1) are supported through appropriations enacted in laws other than the ACA and work on programs that existed prior to the passage of the ACA; (2) spend less than 50 percent of their time on activities funded by or newly authorized in the ACA; or (3) work on contracts for which FTE reporting is not a requirement of their contract, such as fixedprice contracts. SEC. 220. The Secretary shall publish, as part of the fiscal year 2020 budget of the President submitted under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, information that details the uses of all funds used by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services specifically for Health Insurance Exchanges for each fiscal year since the enactment of the ACA and the proposed uses for such funds for fiscal year 2020. Such information shall include, for each such fiscal year, the amount of funds used for each activity specified under the heading ‘‘Health Insurance Exchange Transparency’’ in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). SEC. 221. (a) The Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: (1) Detailed monthly enrollment figures from the Exchanges established under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 pertaining to enrollments during the open enrollment period; and (2) Notification of any new or competitive grant awards, including supplements, authorized under section 330 of the Public Health Service Act. (b) The Committees on Appropriations of the House and Senate must be notified at least 2 business days in advance of any public release of enrollment information or the award of such grants. SEC. 222. None of the funds made available by this Act from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund or the Federal Supplemental Medical Insurance Trust Fund, or transferred from other accounts funded by this Act to the ‘‘Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services—Program Management’’ account, may be used for payments under section 1342(b)(1) of Public Law 111–148 (relating to risk corridors). SEC. 223. The Secretary shall include in the fiscal year 2020 budget justification an analysis of how section 2713 of the PHS Act will impact eligibility for discretionary HHS programs. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 224. (a) Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transfer funds appropriated under section 4002 of the ACA to the accounts specified, in the amounts specified, and for the activities specified under the heading ‘‘Prevention and Public Health Fund’’ in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). (b) Notwithstanding section 4002(c) of the ACA, the Secretary may not further transfer these amounts. (c) Funds transferred for activities authorized under section 2821 of the PHS Act shall be made available without reference to section 2821(b) of such Act. SEC. 225. Effective during the period beginning on November 1, 2015 and ending January 1, 2020, any provision of law that refers (including through crossreference to another provision of law) to the current recommendations of the United States Preventive Services Task Force with respect to breast cancer screening, mammography, and prevention shall be administered by the Secretary involved as if— (1) such reference to such current recommendations were a reference to the recommendations of such Task Force with respect to breast cancer screening, mammography, and prevention last issued before 2009; and (2) such recommendations last issued before 2009 applied to any screening mammography modality under section 1861(jj) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(jj)). SEC. 226. In making Federal financial assistance, the provisions relating to indirect costs in part 75 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations, including with respect to the approval of deviations from negotiated rates, shall continue to apply to the National Institutes of Health to the same extent and in the same manner as such provisions were applied in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017. None of the funds appropriated in this or prior Acts or otherwise made available to the Department of Health and Human Services or to any department or agency may be used to develop or implement a modified approach to such provisions, or to intentionally or substantially expand the fiscal effect of the approval of such deviations from negotiated rates beyond the proportional effect of such approvals in such quarter. SEC. 227. In addition to the amounts otherwise available for ‘‘Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Program Management’’, the Secretary of Health and Human Services may transfer up to $305,000,000 to such account from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund to support program management activity related to the Medicare Program: Provided, That except for the foregoing purpose, such funds may not be used to support any provision of Public Law 111–148 or Public Law 111–152 (or any amendment made by either such Public Law) or to supplant any other amounts within such account. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 228. The NIH Director may transfer funds specifically appropriated for opioid addiction, opioid alternatives, pain management, and addiction treatment to other Institutes and Centers of the NIH to be used for the same purpose 15 days after notifying the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, 
That the transfer authority provided in the previous proviso is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. SEC. 229. None of the funds made available by this Act to carry out the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 may be provided to any child care provider if a list of providers (as mentioned in part 98 of title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations, applicable to the Department of Health and Human Services, Administration of Children and Families, and in the final rule published in the Federal Register, Vol. 81, No. 190, on Sept. 30, 2016) indicates that a serious injury or death occurred at the provider due to a substantiated health or safety violation. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE III DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION EDUCATION FOR THE DISADVANTAGED  For carrying out title I and subpart 2 of part B of title II of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (referred to in this Act as ‘‘ESEA’’) and section 418A of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (referred to in this Act as ‘‘HEA’’), $16,443,790,000, of which $5,525,990,000 shall become available on July 1, 2018, and shall remain available through September 30, 2019, and of which $10,841,177,000 shall become available on October 1, 2018, and shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for academic year 2018–2019: Provided, That $6,459,401,000 shall be for basic grants under section 1124 of the ESEA: Provided further, That up to $5,000,000 of these funds shall be available to the Secretary of Education (referred to in this title as ‘‘Secretary’’) on October 1, 2017, to obtain annually updated local educational agencylevel census poverty data from the Bureau of the Census: Provided further, That $1,362,301,000 shall be for concentration grants under section 1124A of the ESEA: Pro vided further, That $3,969,050,000 shall be for targeted grants under section 1125 of the ESEA: Provided further, That $3,969,050,000 shall be for education finance incentive grants under section 1125A of the ESEA: Pro vided further, That $217,000,000 shall be for carrying out subpart 2 of part B of title II: Provided further, That $44,623,000 shall be for carrying out section 418A of the HEA. IMPACT AID For carrying out programs of financial assistance to federally affected schools authorized by title VII of the ESEA, $1,414,112,000, of which $1,270,242,000 shall be for basic support payments under section 7003(b), $48,316,000 shall be for payments for children with disabilities under section 7003(d), $17,406,000 shall be for construction under section 7007(a), $73,313,000 shall be for Federal property payments under section 7002, and $4,835,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for facilities maintenance under section 7008: Provided, That for purposes of computing the amount of a payment for an eligible local educational agency under section 7003(a) for school year 2017– 2018, children enrolled in a school of such agency that would otherwise be eligible for payment under section 7003(a)(1)(B) of such Act, but due to the deployment of both parents or legal guardians, or a parent or legal guardian having sole custody of such children, or due to the death of a military parent or legal guardian while on active duty (so long as such children reside on Federal property as described in section 7003(a)(1)(B)), are no longer eligible under such section, shall be considered as eligible students under such section, provided such students remain in average daily attendance at a school in the same local educational agency they attended prior to their change in eligibility status. SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS  For carrying out school improvement activities authorized by part B of title I, part A of title II, subpart 1 of part A of title IV, part B of title IV, part B of title V, and parts B and C of title VI of the ESEA; the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act; section 203 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002; the Compact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003; and the Civil Rights Act of 1964, $5,158,467,000, of which $3,329,902,000 shall become available on July 1, 2018, and remain available through September 30, 2019, and of which $1,681,441,000 shall become available on October 1, 2018, and shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for academic year 2018–2019: Provided, That $378,000,000 shall be for part B of title I: Provided further, That $1,211,673,000 shall be for part B of title IV: Provided further, That $36,397,000 shall be for part B of title VI and may be used for construction, renovation, and modernization of any elementary school, secondary school, or structure related to an elementary school or secondary school, run by the Department of Education of the State of Hawaii, that serves a predominantly Native Hawaiian student body: Provided further, That $35,453,000 shall be for part C of title VI and shall be awarded on a competitive basis, and also may be used for construction: Provided further, That $52,000,000 shall be available to carry out section 203 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002 and the Secretary shall make such arrangements as determined to be necessary to ensure that the Bureau of Indian Education has access to services provided under this section: Provided further, That $16,699,000 shall be available to carry out the Supplemental Education Grants program for the Federated States of Micronesia and the Republic of the Marshall Islands: Provided further, That the Secretary may reserve up to 5 percent of the amount referred to in the previous proviso to provide technical assistance in the implementation of these grants: Provided further, That $180,840,000 shall be for part B of title V: Pro vided further, That $1,100,000,000 shall be available for grants under subpart 1 of part A of title IV. INDIAN EDUCATION  For expenses necessary to carry out, to the extent not otherwise provided, title VI, part A of the ESEA, $180,239,000, of which $67,993,000 shall be for subpart 2 of part A of title VI and $6,865,000 shall be for subpart 3 of part A of title VI. INNOVATION AND IMPROVEMENT  For carrying out activities authorized by subparts 1, 3 and 4 of part B of title II, and parts C, D, and E and subparts 1 and 4 of part F of title IV of the ESEA, $982,256,000: Pro vided, That $278,515,000 shall be for subparts 1, 3 and 4 of part B of title II and shall be made available without regard to sections 2201, 2231(b) and 2241: Provided further, That $583,741,000 shall be for parts C, D, and E and subpart 4 of part F of title IV, and shall be made available without regard to sections 4311, 4409(a), and 4601 of the ESEA: Provided further, That section 4303(d)(3)(A)(i) shall not apply to the funds available for part C of title IV: Provided further, That of the funds available for part C of title IV, the Secretary shall use $50,000,000 to carry out section 4304, of which not more than $10,000,000 shall be available to carry out section 4304(k), $120,000,000, to remain available through March 31, 2019, to carry out section 4305(b), and not more than $14,000,000 to carry out the activities in section 4305(a)(3): Provided further, That notwithstanding section 4601(b), $120,000,000 shall be available through December 31, 2018 for subpart 1 of part F of title IV. SAFESCHOOLS AND CITIZENSHIP EDUCATION  For carrying out activities authorized by subparts 2 and 3 of part F of title IV of the ESEA, $185,754,000: Provided, That $90,000,000 shall be available for section 4631, of which up to $5,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the Project School Emergency Response to Violence (‘‘Project SERV’’) program: Provided further, That $17,500,000 shall be available for section 4625: Provided further, That $78,254,000 shall be available through December 31, 2018, for section 4624: Provided further, That section 4623(b) of the ESEA shall apply to funds appropriated for Promise Neighborhoods under this heading in prior appropriations acts: Provided further, That, no later than June 1, 2018, the Secretary shall award extension grants under such section on a competitive basis to implementation grantees that have demonstrated the ability to collect, track, and report longitudinal data on performance indicators established by the Department and required to be reported on annually as part of the initial implementation grant; demonstrated the most positive and promising results during their initial implementation grant based on such indicators, emphasizing getting children ready to learn; demonstrated a commitment to operating in the most underserved and underresourced, including rural, areas; and propose continuing to pursue ambitious goals during an extension of that grant. ENGLISH LANGUAGE ACQUISITION  For carrying out part A of title III of the ESEA, $737,400,000, which shall become available on July 1, 2018, and shall remain available through September 30, 2019, except that 6.5 percent of such amount shall be available on October 1, 2017, and shall remain available through September 30, 2019, to carry out activities under section 3111(c)(1)(C). SPECIAL EDUCATION  For carrying out the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) and the Special Olympics Sport and Empowerment Act of 2004, $13,366,184,000, of which $3,845,585,000 shall become available on July 1, 2018, and shall remain available through September 30, 2019, and of which $9,283,383,000 shall become available on October 1, 2018, and shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for academic year 2018–2019: Provided, That the amount for section 611(b)(2) of the IDEA shall be equal to the lesser of the amount available for that activity during fiscal year 2017, increased by the amount of inflation as specified in section 619(d)(2)(B) of the IDEA, or the percent change in the funds appropriated under section 611(i) of the IDEA, but not less than the amount for that activity during fiscal year 2017: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, without regard to section 611(d) of the IDEA, distribute to all other States (as that term is defined in section 611(g)(2)), subject to the third proviso, any amount by which a State’s allocation under section 611, from funds appropriated under this heading, is reduced under section 612(a)(18)(B), according to the following: 85 percent on the basis of the States’ relative populations of children aged 3 through 21 who are of the same age as children with disabilities for whom the State ensures the availability of a free appropriate public education under this part, and 15 percent to States on the basis of the States’ relative populations of those children who are living in poverty: Provided further, That the Secretary may not distribute any funds under the previous proviso to any State whose reduction in allocation from funds appropriated under this heading made funds available for such a distribution: Provided further, That the States shall allocate such funds distributed under the second proviso to local 
educational agencies in accordance with section 611(f): Provided further, That the amount by which a State’s allocation under section 611(d) of the IDEA is reduced under section 612(a)(18)(B) and the amounts distributed to States under the previous provisos in fiscal year 2012 or any subsequent year shall not be considered in calculating the awards under section 611(d) for fiscal year 2013 or for any subsequent fiscal years: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the provision in section 612(a)(18)(B) regarding the fiscal year in which a State’s allocation under section 611(d) is reduced for failure to comply with the requirement of section 612(a)(18)(A), the Secretary may apply the reduction specified in section 612(a)(18)(B) over a period of consecutive fiscal years, not to exceed five, until the entire reduction is applied: Pro vided further, That the Secretary may, in any fiscal year in which a State’s allocation under section 611 is reduced in accordance with section 612(a)(18)(B), reduce the amount a State may reserve under section 611(e)(1) by an amount that bears the same relation to the maximum amount described in that paragraph as the reduction under section 612(a)(18)(B) bears to the total allocation the State would have received in that fiscal year under section 611(d) in the absence of the reduction: Provided further, That the Secretary shall either reduce the allocation of funds under section 611 for any fiscal year following the fiscal year for which the State fails to comply with the requirement of section 612(a)(18)(A) as authorized by section 612(a)(18)(B), or seek to recover funds under section 452 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1234a): Provided further, That the funds reserved under 611(c) of the IDEA may be used to provide technical assistance to States to improve the capacity of the States to meet the data collection requirements of sections 616 and 618 and to administer and carry out other services and activities to improve data collection, coordination, quality, and use under parts B and C of the IDEA: Provided further, That the Secretary may use funds made available for the State Personnel Development Grants program under part D, subpart 1 of IDEA to evaluate program performance under such subpart. REHABILITATION SERVICES  For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Helen Keller National Center Act, $3,587,130,000, of which $3,452,931,000 shall be for grants for vocational rehabilitation services under title I of the Rehabilitation Act: Provided, That the Secretary may use amounts provided in this Act that remain available subsequent to the reallotment of funds to States pursuant to section 110(b) of the Rehabilitation Act for innovative activities aimed at improving the outcomes of individuals with disabilities as defined in section 7(20)(B) of the Rehabilitation Act, including activities aimed at improving the education and postschool outcomes of children receiving Supplemental Security Income (‘‘SSI’’) and their families that may result in longterm improvement in the SSI child recipient’s economic status and self sufficiency: Provided further, That States may award subgrants for a portion of the funds to other public and private, nonprofit entities: Provided further, That any funds made available subsequent to reallotment for innovative activities aimed at improving the outcomes of individuals with disabilities shall remain available until September 30, 2019. SPECIAL INSTITUTIONS FOR PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES  
AMERICAN PRINTING HOUSE FOR THE BLIND  For carrying out the Act to promote the Education of the Blind of March 3, 1879, $27,431,000. 
NATIONAL TECHNICAL INSTITUTE FOR THE DEAF  For the National Technical Institute for the Deaf under titles I and II of the Education of the Deaf Act of 1986, $73,000,000: Pro vided, That from the total amount available, the Institute may at its discretion use funds for the endowment program as authorized under section 207 of such Act. 
GALLAUDET UNIVERSITY  For the Kendall Demonstration Elementary School, the Model Secondary School for the Deaf, and the partial support of Gallaudet University under titles I and II of the Education of the Deaf Act of 1986, $128,000,000: Provided, That from the total amount available, the University may at its discretion use funds for the endowment program as authorized under section 207 of such Act. CAREER , TECHNICAL , ANDADULT EDUCATION  For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 and the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act (‘‘AEFLA’’), $1,830,686,000, of which $1,039,686,000 shall become available on July 1, 2018, and shall remain available through September 30, 2019, and of which $791,000,000 shall become available on October 1, 2018, and shall remain available through September 30, 2019: Provided, That of the amounts made available for AEFLA, $13,712,000 shall be for national leadership activities under section 242. STUDENT FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE  For carrying out subparts 1, 3, and 10 of part A, and part C of title IV of the HEA, $24,445,352,000, which shall remain available through September 30, 2019. The maximum Pell Grant for which a student shall be eligible during award year 2018– 2019 shall be $5,035. STUDENT AIDADMINISTRATION  For Federal administrative expenses to carry out part D of title I, and subparts 1, 3, 9, and 10 of part A, and parts B, C, D, and E of title IV of the HEA, and subpart 1 of part A of title VII of the Public Health Service Act, $1,678,943,000, to remain available through September 30, 2019: Provided, That the Secretary shall allocate new student loan borrower accounts to eligible student loan servicers on the basis of their performance compared to all loan servicers utilizing established common metrics, and on the basis of the capacity of each servicer to process new and existing accounts: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, no later than September 30, 2017, allow student loan borrowers who are consolidating Federal student loans to select from any student loan servicer to service their new consolidated student loan under the current student loan servicing contracts: Provided further, That in order to promote accountability and high quality service to borrowers, the Secretary shall not award funding for any contract solicitation for a new Federal student loan servicing environment, including the solicitation for the FSA Next Generation Processing and Servicing Environment as amended by the Department of Education on February 20, 2018, unless such an environment provides for the participation of multiple student loan servicers that contract directly with the Department of Education to manage a unique portfolio of borrower accounts and the full lifecycle of loans from disbursement to payoff with certain limited exceptions, and allocates student loan borrower accounts to eligible student loan servicers based on performance: Provided further, That such servicers described in the previous proviso shall be evaluated based on their ability to meet contract requirements, future performance on the contracts, and history of compliance with applicable consumer protections laws: Provided further, That to the extent Federal Student Aid (FSA) permits student loan servicing subcontracting, FSA shall hold such subcontractors accountable for meeting the requirements of the contract: Provided further, That FSA shall create a fee structure with contractors that provides more support to borrowers at risk of being distressed. HIGHER EDUCATION  For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, titles II, III, IV, V, VI, and VII of the HEA, the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961, and section 117 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, $2,246,551,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds made available in this Act to carry out title VI of the HEA and section 102(b)(6) of the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 may be used to support visits and study in foreign countries by individuals who are participating in advanced foreign language training and international studies in areas that are vital to United States national security and who plan to apply their language skills and knowledge of these countries in the fields of government, the professions, or international development: Provided further, That of the funds referred to in the preceding proviso up to 1 percent may be used for program evaluation, national outreach, and information dissemination activities: Provided further, That up to 1.5 percent of the funds made available under chapter 2 of subpart 2 of part A of title IV of the HEA may be used for evaluation. HOWARD UNIVERSITY  For partial support of Howard University, $232,518,000, of which not less than $3,405,000 shall be for a matching endowment grant pursuant to the Howard University Endowment Act and shall remain available until expended. COLLEGE HOUSING AND ACADEMIC FACILITIES  LOANS PROGRAM  For Federal administrative expenses to carry out activities related to existing facility loans pursuant to section 121 of the HEA, $435,000. HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGE AND UNIVER SITY CAPITAL FINANCING PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of guaranteed loans, $20,150,000, as authorized pursuant to part D of title III of the HEA, which shall remain available through September 30, 2019: Pro vided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $313,863,000: Provided further, That these funds may be used to support loans to public and private Historically Black Colleges and Universities without regard to the limitations within section 344(a) of the HEA. In addition, $10,000,000 shall be made available to provide for the deferment of loans made under part D of title III of the HEA to eligible institutions that are private Historically Black Colleges and Universities, which apply for the deferment of such a loan and demonstrate financial need for such deferment by having a score of 2.6 or less on the Department of Education’s financial responsibility test: Provided, That during the 
period of deferment of such a loan, interest on the loan will not accrue or be capitalized, and the period of deferment shall be for at least a period of 3fiscal years and not more than 6fiscal years: Provided further, That when determining priority for such institutions to receive such a deferment, the Secretary shall give priority to institutions that operated in a financial deficit for at least one of the previous 5 years according to audits provided to the Department, or were sanctioned for financial related reasons by the agency or association that accredited such institutions: Provided further, That the Secretary shall create and execute an outreach plan to work with States and the Capital Financing Advisory Board to improve outreach to States and help additional public Historically Black Colleges and Universities participate in the program. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the Historically Black College and University Capital Financing Program entered into pursuant to part D of title III of the HEA, $334,000. INSTITUTE OF EDUCATION SCIENCES  For carrying out activities authorized by the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002, the National Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act, section 208 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002, and section 664 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, $613,462,000, which shall remain available through September 30, 2019: Provided, That funds available to carry out section 208 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act may be used to link Statewide elementary and secondary data systems with early childhood, postsecondary, and workforce data systems, or to further develop such systems: Provided further, That up to $6,000,000 of the funds available to carry out section 208 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act may be used for awards to public or private organizations or agencies to support activities to improve data coordination, quality, and use at the local, State, and national levels. DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  
PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION  For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, the Department of Education Organization Act, including rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and hire of three passenger motor vehicles, $430,000,000: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds provided by this Act or provided by previous Appropriations Acts to the Department of Education available for obligation or expenditure in the current fiscal year may be used for any activity relating to implementing a reorganization that decentralizes, reduces the staffing level, or alters the responsibilities, structure, authority, or functionality of the Budget Service of the Department of Education, relative to the organization and operation of the Budget Service as in effect on January 1, 2018. 
OFFICE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS  For expenses necessary for the Office for Civil Rights, as authorized by section 203 of the Department of Education Organization Act, $117,000,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General, as authorized by section 212 of the Department of Education Organization Act, $61,143,000. GENERAL PROVISIONS  SEC. 301. No funds appropriated in this Act may be used for the transportation of students or teachers (or for the purchase of equipment for such transportation) in order to overcome racial imbalance in any school or school system, or for the transportation of students or teachers (or for the purchase of equipment for such transportation) in order to carry out a plan of racial desegregation of any school or school system. SEC. 302. None of the funds contained in this Act shall be used to require, directly or indirectly, the transportation of any student to a school other than the school which is nearest the student’s home, except for a student requiring special education, to the school offering such special education, in order to comply with title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. For the purpose of this section an indirect requirement of transportation of students includes the transportation of students to carry out a plan involving the reorganization of the grade structure of schools, the pairing of schools, or the clustering of schools, or any combination of grade restructuring, pairing, or clustering. The prohibition described in this section does not include the establishment of magnet schools. SEC. 303. No funds appropriated in this Act may be used to prevent the implementation of programs of voluntary prayer and meditation in the public schools. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 304. Not to exceed 1 percent of any discretionary funds (pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) which are appropriated for the Department of Education in this Act may be transferred between appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the transfer authority granted by this section shall not be used to create any new program or to fund any project or activity for which no funds are provided in this Act: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. SEC. 305. Section 105(f)(1)(B)(ix) of the Compact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003 (48 U.S.C. 1921d(f)(1)(B)(ix)) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘2018’’ for ‘‘2017’’. SEC. 306. Funds appropriated in this Act and consolidated for evaluation purposes under section 8601(c) of the ESEA shall be available from July 1, 2018, through September 30, 2019. SEC. 307. (a) An institution of higher education that maintains an endowment fund supported with funds appropriated for title III or V of the HEA for fiscal year 2018 may use the income from that fund to award scholarships to students, subject to the limitation in section 331(c)(3)(B)(i) of the HEA. The use of such income for such purposes, prior to the enactment of this Act, shall be considered to have been an allowable use of that income, subject to that limitation. (b) Subsection (a) shall be in effect until titles III and V of the HEA are reauthorized. SEC. 308. Section 114(f) of the HEA (20 U.S.C. 1011c(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. SEC. 309. Section 458(a) of the HEA (20 U.S.C. 1087h(a)) is amended in paragraph (4) by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
(RESCISSION)  SEC. 310. Section 401(b)(7)(A)(iv)(VIII) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070a(b)(7)(A)(iv)(VIII)) is amended by striking ‘‘$1,382,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,334,000,000’’. SEC. 311. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law except as provided under subsection (c), with respect to a local educational agency that was notified by the Secretary in fiscal year 2017 of the agency’s eligibility to receive a basic support payment pursuant to section 7003(b)(2)(B)(i)(III) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7703(b)(2)(B)(i)(III)) for fiscal year 2017 but did not receive a payment under section 7003(b)(2) of such Act for fiscal year 2017, in addition to payments received by the local educational agency under section 7003(b)(1) of such Act, the Secretary shall reserve from funds appropriated to carry out section 7003(b) of such Act and make payments from such funds to such local educational agency for fiscal years 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020 in the following amounts: (1) $3,000,000 for fiscal year 2017. (2) $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2018. (3) $4,000,000 for fiscal year 2019. (4) $4,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. (b) For fiscal year 2017, a local educational agency described in subsection (a) shall not be eligible for a basic support payment pursuant to section 7003(b)(2) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7703(b)(2)). (c) For fiscal year 2018 and succeeding fiscal years, if a local educational agency described in subsection (a) is eligible to receive a basic support payment pursuant to section 7003(b)(2) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7703(b)(2)), the payment received by the local educational agency shall be calculated under section 7003(b)(2) of such Act and not under subsection (a). (d) Section 7003(b)(2)(B) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (20 U.S.C. 7703(b)(2)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (i)(III)— (A) in item (aa), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) in item (bb)(BB)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and received assistance for fiscal year 2017 pursuant to subparagraph (G)’’ after ‘‘not less than 65 percent’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(cc) received assistance under subparagraph (A) of section 8003(b)(2), as such section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act (Public Law 114–95; 129 Stat. 1802), for a fiscal year prior to fiscal year 2017;’’; and (2) by striking clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) ELIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(I) FIRST TIME .—A local educational agency seeking a payment under this paragraph for the first time shall apply for and be determined eligible under clause (i) for 2 consecutive years before receiving such a payment, and shall not receive such a payment for the first year of eligibility. ‘‘(II) RESUMPTION OF ELIGIBILITY .—A heav ily impacted local educational agency described in clause (i) that becomes ineligible under such clause for 1 or more fiscal years may resume eligibility for a basic support payment under this paragraph for a subsequent fiscal year only if the agency meets the requirements of clause (i) for that subsequent fiscal year, except that such agency shall not receive a basic support payment under this paragraph until the fiscal year succeeding the fiscal year for which the eligibility determination is made.’’. (e) Section 579(c)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2145) is amended, in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2017, 2018, or 2019,’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2017 and any succeeding fiscal year,’’. SEC. 312. For the purpose of providing temporary emergency impact aid for displaced students under the Hurricane Education Recovery heading in title VIII of subdivision 1 of division B of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–123), paragraph (2)(E) under such heading is amended by inserting 
before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘and each reference to the end of the 2005–2006 school year in section 107(f) of title IV of division B of Public Law 109–148, shall be to December 31, 2018’’. SEC. 313. (a) Notwithstanding the limitations on sharing data described in paragraph (3)(E) of section 483(a) of the HEA, an institution of higher education may, with explicit written consent of an applicant who has completed a FAFSA under such section 483(a), provide such information collected from the applicant’s FAFSA as is necessary to a scholarship granting organization, including a tribal organization (defined in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)), designated by the applicant to assist the applicant in applying for and receiving financial assistance for the applicant’s cost of attendance (defined in section 472 of the HEA) at that institution. (b) An organization that receives information pursuant to subsection (a) shall not sell or otherwise share such information. (c) This section shall be in effect until title IV of the HEA is reauthorized. SEC. 314. (a) I NGENERAL .—For the purpose of carrying out section 435(a)(2) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1085(a)(2)), the Secretary of Education may waive the requirements under sections 435(a)(5)(A)(i) and 435(a)(5)(A)(ii) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1085(a)(5)(A)(i) and 20 U.S.C. 1085(a)(5)(A)(ii))— (1) for an institution of higher education that offers an associate degree, is a public institution, and is located in an economically distressed county, defined as a county that ranks in the lowest 5 percent of all counties in the United States based on a national index of county economic status; and (2) for an institution— (A) that is a public institution of higher education or a Tribal College or University (as defined in section 316(b) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1059c)); and (B) whose fall enrollment for the most recently completed academic year was comprised of a majority of students who are Indian (as defined in such section) or Alaska Natives (as defined in section 317(b) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1059d(b)). (b) APPLICABILITY .—Subsection (a) shall apply to an institution of higher education that otherwise would be ineligible to participate in a program under part A of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 on or after the date of enactment of this Act due to the application of section 435(a)(2) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1085(a)(2)). (c) COVERAGE .—This section shall be in effect for the period covered by this Act and for the succeeding fiscal year. SEC. 315. For an additional amount for ‘‘Department of Education—Federal Direct Student Loan Program Account’’, $350,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the cost, as defined under section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of the Secretary of Education providing loan cancellation in the same manner as under section 455(m) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087e(m)), for borrowers of loans made under part D of title IV of such Act who would qualify for loan cancellation under section 455(m) except some, or all, of the 120 required payments under section 455(m)(1)(A) do not qualify for purposes of the program because they were monthly payments made in accordance with graduated or extended repayment plans as described under subparagraph (B) or (C) of section 455(d)(1) or the corresponding repayment plan for a consolidation loan made under section 455(g) and that were less than the amount calculated under section 455(d)(1)(A), based on a 10year repayment period: Provided, That the monthly payment made 12 months before the borrower applied for loan cancellation as described in the matter preceding this proviso and the most recent monthly payment made by the borrower at the time of such application were each not less than the monthly amount that would be calculated under, and for which the borrower would otherwise qualify for, clause (i) or (iv) of section 455(m)(1)(A) regarding incomebased or incomecontingent repayment plans, with exception for a borrower who would have otherwise been eligible under this section but demonstrates an unusual fluctuation of income over the past 5 years: Provided further, That the total loan volume, including outstanding principal, fees, capitalized interest, or accrued interest, at application that is eligible for such loan cancellation by such borrowers shall not exceed $500,000,000: Provided further, That the Secretary shall develop and make available a simple method for borrowers to apply for loan cancellation under this section within 60 days of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary shall provide loan cancellation under this section to eligible borrowers on a firstcome, firstserve basis, based on the date of application and subject to both the limitation on total loan volume at application for such loan cancellation specified in the second proviso and the availability of appropriations under this section: Provided further, That no borrower may, for the same service, receive a reduction of loan obligations under both this section and section 428J, 428K, 428L, or 460 of such Act. SEC. 316. Of the amounts made available under this title under the heading ‘‘Student Aid Administration’’, $2,300,000 shall be used by the Secretary of Education to conduct outreach to borrowers of loans made under part D of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 who may intend to qualify for loan cancellation under 455(m) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1087e(m)), to ensure that borrowers are meeting the terms and conditions of such loan cancellation: Provided, That the Secretary shall specifically conduct outreach to assist borrowers who would qualify for loan cancellation under 455(m) of such Act except that the borrower has made some, or all, of the 120 required payments under a repayment plan that is not described under section 455(m)(A) of such Act, to encourage borrowers to enroll in a qualifying repayment plan: Provided further, That the Secretary shall also communicate to all Direct Loan borrowers the full requirements of 455(m) of such Act and improve the filing of employment certification by providing improved outreach and information such as outbound calls, electronic communications, ensuring prominent access to program requirements and benefits on each servicer’s website, and creating an option for all borrowers to complete the entire payment certification process electronically and on a centralized website. 
CHILDREN OF FALLEN HEROES SCHOLARSHIP ACT  SEC. 317. Section 473(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087mm(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘(in the case of a student who meets the requirement of subparagraph (B)(i)), or academic year 2018–2019 (in the case of a student who meets the requirement of subparagraph (B)(ii)),’’ after ‘‘academic year 2009–2010’’; and (B) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) whose parent or guardian was— ‘‘(i) a member of the Armed Forces of the United States and died as a result of performing military service in Iraq or Afghanistan after September 11, 2001; or ‘‘(ii) actively serving as a public safety officer and died in the line of duty while performing as a public safety officer; and’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) ARMED FORCES .—Notwithstanding’’; (B) by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (A), (B)(i), and (C) of paragraph (2)’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) PUBLIC SAFETY OFFICERS .—Notwith standing any other provision of law, unless the Secretary establishes an alternate method to adjust the expected family contribution, for each student who meets the requirements of subparagraphs (A), (B)(ii), and (C) of paragraph (2), a financial aid administrator shall— ‘‘(i) verify with the student that the student is eligible for the adjustment; ‘‘(ii) adjust the expected family contribution in accordance with this subsection; and ‘‘(iii) notify the Secretary of the adjustment and the student’s eligibility for the adjustment.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) TREATMENT OF PELL AMOUNT .—Not withstanding section 1212 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796d–1), in the case of a student who receives an increased Federal Pell Grant amount under this section, the total amount of such Federal Pell Grant, including the increase under this subsection, shall not be considered in calculating that student’s educational assistance benefits under the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits program under subpart 2 of part L of title I of such Act. ‘‘(5) DEFINITION OF PUBLIC SAFETY OFFI CER.—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘public safety officer’ means— ‘‘(A) a public safety officer, as defined in section 1204 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796b); or ‘‘(B) a fire police officer, defined as an individual who— ‘‘(i) is serving in accordance with State or local law as an officially recognized or designated member of a legally organized public safety agency; ‘‘(ii) is not a law enforcement officer, a firefighter, a chaplain, or a member of a rescue squad or ambulance crew; and ‘‘(iii) provides scene security or directs traffic— ‘‘(I) in response to any fire drill, fire call, or other fire, rescue, or police emergency; or ‘‘(II) at a planned special event.’’. SEC. 318. Notwithstanding any other provision of law funds awarded under part D of title IV of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 for fiscal years 2017 and 2018 may be used for the purposes in section 4407(a)(9) of such Act. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Education Appropriations Act, 2018’’. TITLE IV RELATED AGENCIES COMMITTEE FOR PURCHASE FROMPEOPLE WHO AREBLIND OR SEVERELY DISABLED  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled established under section 8502 of title 41, United States Code, $8,250,000: Provided, That in order to authorize any central nonprofit agency designated pursuant to section 8503(c) of title 41, United States Code, to perform contract requirements of the Committee as prescribed under section 51–3.2 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations, the Committee shall enter into a written agreement with any such central nonprofit agency: Provided further, That such agreement entered into under the preceding proviso shall 
contain such auditing, oversight, and reporting provisions as necessary to implement chapter 85 of title 41, United States Code: Provided further, That such agreement shall include the elements listed under this heading in the explanatory statement accompanying Public Law 114–113: Provided further, That a fee may not be charged under section 51–3.5 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations, unless such fee is under the terms of the written agreement between the Committee and any such central nonprofit agency: Provided further, That no less than $1,250,000 shall be available for the Office of Inspector General. CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY  SERVICE  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Corporation for National and Community Service (referred to in this title as ‘‘CNCS’’) to carry out the Domestic Volunteer Service Act of 1973 (referred to in this title as ‘‘1973 Act’’) and the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (referred to in this title as ‘‘1990 Act’’), $767,629,000, notwithstanding sections 198B(b)(3), 198S(g), 501(a)(4)(C), and 501(a)(4)(F) of the 1990 Act: Provided, That of the amounts provided under this heading: (1) up to 1 percent of program grant funds may be used to defray the costs of conducting grant application reviews, including the use of outside peer reviewers and electronic management of the grants cycle; (2) $17,538,000 shall be available to provide assistance to State commissions on national and community service, under section 126(a) of the 1990 Act and notwithstanding section 501(a)(5)(B) of the 1990 Act; (3) $32,000,000 shall be available to carry out subtitle E of the 1990 Act; and (4) $5,400,000 shall be available for expenses authorized under section 501(a)(4)(F) of the 1990 Act, which, notwithstanding the provisions of section 198P shall be awarded by CNCS on a competitive basis: Provided further, That for the purposes of carrying out the 1990 Act, satisfying the requirements in section 122(c)(1)(D) may include a determination of need by the local community. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For payment to the National Service Trust established under subtitle D of title I of the 1990 Act, $206,842,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That CNCS may transfer additional funds from the amount provided within ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ allocated to grants under subtitle C of title I of the 1990 Act to the National Service Trust upon determination that such transfer is necessary to support the activities of national service participants and after notice is transmitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That amounts appropriated for or transferred to the National Service Trust may be invested under section 145(b) of the 1990 Act without regard to the requirement to apportion funds under 31 U.S.C. 1513(b). 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of administration as provided under section 501(a)(5) of the 1990 Act and under section 504(a) of the 1973 Act, including payment of salaries, authorized travel, hire of passenger motor vehicles, the rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, the employment of experts and consultants authorized under 5 U.S.C. 3109, and not to exceed $2,500 for official reception and representation expenses, $83,737,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, $5,750,000. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  SEC. 401. CNCS shall make any significant changes to program requirements, service delivery or policy only through public notice and comment rulemaking. For fiscal year 2018, during any grant selection process, an officer or employee of CNCS shall not knowingly disclose any covered grant selection information regarding such selection, directly or indirectly, to any person other than an officer or employee of CNCS that is authorized by CNCS to receive such information. SEC. 402. AmeriCorps programs receiving grants under the National Service Trust program shall meet an overall minimum share requirement of 24 percent for the first 3 years that they receive AmeriCorps funding, and thereafter shall meet the overall minimum share requirement as provided in section 2521.60 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations, without regard to the operating costs match requirement in section 121(e) or the member support Federal share limitations in section 140 of the 1990 Act, and subject to partial waiver consistent with section 2521.70 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations. SEC. 403. Donations made to CNCS under section 196 of the 1990 Act for the purposes of financing programs and operations under titles I and II of the 1973 Act or subtitle B, C, D, or E of title I of the 1990 Act shall be used to supplement and not supplant current programs and operations. SEC. 404. In addition to the requirements in section 146(a) of the 1990 Act, use of an educational award for the purpose described in section 148(a)(4) shall be limited to individuals who are veterans as defined under section 101 of the Act. SEC. 405. For the purpose of carrying out section 189D of the 1990 Act— (1) entities described in paragraph (a) of such section shall be considered ‘‘qualified entities’’ under section 3 of the National Child Protection Act of 1993 (‘‘NCPA’’); (2) individuals described in such section shall be considered ‘‘volunteers’’ under section 3 of NCPA; and (3) State Commissions on National and Community Service established pursuant to section 178 of the 1990 Act, are authorized to receive criminal history record information, consistent with Public Law 92–544. SEC. 406. Notwithstanding sections 139(b), 146 and 147 of the 1990 Act, an individual who successfully completes a term of service of not less than 1,200 hours during a period of not more than one year may receive a national service education award having a value of 70 percent of the value of a national service education award determined under section 147(a) of the Act. CORPORATION FOR PUBLIC BROADCASTING  For payment to the Corporation for Public Broadcasting (‘‘CPB’’), as authorized by the Communications Act of 1934, an amount which shall be available within limitations specified by that Act, for the fiscal year 2020, $445,000,000: Provided, That none of the funds made available to CPB by this Act shall be used to pay for receptions, parties, or similar forms of entertainment for Government officials or employees: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to CPB by this Act shall be available or used to aid or support any program or activity from which any person is excluded, or is denied benefits, or is discriminated against, on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, or sex: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to CPB by this Act shall be used to apply any political test or qualification in selecting, appointing, promoting, or taking any other personnel action with respect to officers, agents, and employees of CPB: Pro vided further, That none of the funds made available to CPB by this Act shall be used to support the Television Future Fund or any similar purpose. In addition, for the costs associated with replacing and upgrading the public broadcasting interconnection system and other technologies and services that create infrastructure and efficiencies within the public media system, $20,000,000. FEDERAL MEDIATION AND CONCILIATION  SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service (‘‘Service’’) to carry out the functions vested in it by the LaborManagement Relations Act, 1947, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; for expenses necessary for the LaborManagement Cooperation Act of 1978; and for expenses necessary for the Service to carry out the functions vested in it by the Civil Service Reform Act, $46,650,000, including up to $900,000 to remain available through September 30, 2019, for activities authorized by the LaborManagement Cooperation Act of 1978: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, fees charged, up to fullcost recovery, for special training activities and other conflict resolution services and technical assistance, including those provided to foreign governments and international organizations, and for arbitration services shall be credited to and merged with this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That fees for arbitration services shall be available only for education, training, and professional development of the agency workforce: Provided further, That the Director of the Service is authorized to accept and use on behalf of the United States gifts of services and real, personal, or other property in the aid of any projects or functions within the Director’s jurisdiction. FEDERAL MINESAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW  COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission, $17,184,000. INSTITUTE OF MUSEUM AND LIBRARY SERVICES  
GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION  For carrying out the Museum and Library Services Act of 1996 and the National Museum of African American History and Culture Act, $240,000,000. MEDICAID AND CHIP P AYMENT AND ACCESS  COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary to carry out section 1900 of the Social Security Act, $8,480,000. MEDICARE PAYMENT ADVISORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary to carry out section 1805 of the Social Security Act, $12,545,000, to be transferred to this appropriation from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund. NATIONAL COUNCIL ON DISABILITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the National Council on Disability as authorized by title IV of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, $3,250,000. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the National Labor Relations Board to carry out the functions vested in it by the LaborManagement 
Relations Act, 1947, and other laws, $274,224,000: Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall be available to organize or assist in organizing agricultural laborers or used in connection with investigations, hearings, directives, or orders concerning bargaining units composed of agricultural laborers as referred to in section 2(3) of the Act of July 5, 1935, and as amended by the Labor Management Relations Act, 1947, and as defined in section 3(f) of the Act of June 25, 1938, and including in said definition employees engaged in the maintenance and operation of ditches, canals, reservoirs, and waterways when maintained or operated on a mutual, nonprofit basis and at least 95 percent of the water stored or supplied thereby is used for farming purposes. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  SEC. 407. None of the funds provided by this Act or previous Acts making appropriations for the National Labor Relations Board may be used to issue any new administrative directive or regulation that would provide employees any means of voting through any electronic means in an election to determine a representative for the purposes of collective bargaining. NATIONAL MEDIATION BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of the Railway Labor Act, including emergency boards appointed by the President, $13,800,000. OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW  COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission, $13,225,000. RAILROAD RETIREMENT BOARD  
DUAL BENEFITS PAYMENTS ACCOUNT  For payment to the Dual Benefits Payments Account, authorized under section 15(d) of the Railroad Retirement Act of 1974, $22,000,000, which shall include amounts becoming available in fiscal year 2018 pursuant to section 224(c)(1)(B) of Public Law 98–76; and in addition, an amount, not to exceed 2 percent of the amount provided herein, shall be available proportional to the amount by which the product of recipients and the average benefit received exceeds the amount available for payment of vested dual benefits: Provided, That the total amount provided herein shall be credited in 12 approximately equal amounts on the first day of each month in the fiscal year. 
RETIREMENT ACCOUNTS  For payment to the accounts established in the Treasury for the payment of benefits under the Railroad Retirement Act for interest earned on unnegotiated checks, $150,000, to remain available through September 30, 2019, which shall be the maximum amount available for payment pursuant to section 417 of Public Law 98–76. 
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses for the Railroad Retirement Board (‘‘Board’’) for administration of the Railroad Retirement Act and the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act, $123,500,000, to be derived in such amounts as determined by the Board from the railroad retirement accounts and from moneys credited to the railroad unemployment insurance administration fund: Provided, That notwithstanding section 7(b)(9) of the Railroad Retirement Act this limitation may be used to hire attorneys only through the excepted service: Provided further, That the previous proviso shall not change the status under Federal employment laws of any attorney hired by the Railroad Retirement Board prior to January 1, 2013: Provided further, That $10,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be used to supplement, not supplant, existing resources devoted to operations and improvements for the Board’s Information Technology Investment Initiatives. LIMITATION ON THE OFFICE OF INSPECTOR  
GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General for audit, investigatory and review activities, as authorized by the Inspector General Act of 1978, not more than $11,000,000, to be derived from the railroad retirement accounts and railroad unemployment insurance account. SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION  
PAYMENTS TO SOCIAL SECURITY TRUST FUNDS  For payment to the Federal OldAge and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund, as provided under sections 201(m) and 1131(b)(2) of the Social Security Act, $11,400,000. 
SUPPLEMENTAL SECURITY INCOME PROGRAM  For carrying out titles XI and XVI of the Social Security Act, section 401 of Public Law 92–603, section 212 of Public Law 93–66, as amended, and section 405 of Public Law 95–216, including payment to the Social Security trust funds for administrative expenses incurred pursuant to section 201(g)(1) of the Social Security Act, $38,487,277,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That any portion of the funds provided to a State in the current fiscal year and not obligated by the State during that year shall be returned to the Treasury: Provided further, That not more than $101,000,000 shall be available for research and demonstrations under sections 1110, 1115, and 1144 of the Social Security Act, and remain available through September 30, 2020. For making, after June 15 of the current fiscal year, benefit payments to individuals under title XVI of the Social Security Act, for unanticipated costs incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. For making benefit payments under title XVI of the Social Security Act for the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, $19,500,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, including the hire of two passenger motor vehicles, and not to exceed $20,000 for official reception and representation expenses, not more than $12,753,945,000 may be expended, as authorized by section 201(g)(1) of the Social Security Act, from any one or all of the trust funds referred to in such section: Provided, That not less than $2,300,000 shall be for the Social Security Advisory Board: Provided further, That $280,000,000 shall remain available until expended for information technology modernization, including related hardware and software infrastructure and equipment, and for administrative expenses directly associated with information technology modernization: Provided further, That $100,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2019, for activities to address the disability hearings backlog within the Office of Hearings Operations: Provided further, That unobligated balances of funds provided under this paragraph at the end of fiscal year 2018 not needed for fiscal year 2018 shall remain available until expended to invest in the Social Security Administration information technology and telecommunications hardware and software infrastructure, including related equipment and non payroll administrative expenses associated solely with this information technology and telecommunications infrastructure: Provided further, That the Commissioner of Social Security shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate prior to making unobligated balances available under the authority in the previous proviso: Provided further, That reim bursement to the trust funds under this heading for expenditures for official time for employees of the Social Security Administration pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 7131, and for facilities or support services for labor organizations pursuant to policies, regulations, or procedures referred to in section 7135(b) of such title shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury, with interest, from amounts in the general fund not otherwise appropriated, as soon as possible after such expenditures are made. Of the total amount made available under this heading, not more than $1,735,000,000, to remain available through March 31, 2019, is for the costs associated with continuing disability reviews under titles II and XVI of the Social Security Act, including workrelated continuing disability reviews to determine whether earnings derived from services demonstrate an individual’s ability to engage in substantial gainful activity, for the cost associated with conducting redeterminations of eligibility under title XVI of the Social Security Act, for the cost of cooperative disability investigation units, and for the cost associated with the prosecution of fraud in the programs and operations of the Social Security Administration by Special Assistant United States Attorneys: Provided, That, of such amount, $273,000,000 is provided to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(B)(ii)(III) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended, and $1,462,000,000 is additional new budget authority specified for purposes of section 251(b)(2)(B) of such Act: Provided further, That the Commissioner shall provide to the Congress (at the conclusion of the fiscal year) a report on the obligation and expenditure of these funds, similar to the reports that were required by section 103(d)(2) of Public Law 104–121 for fiscal years 1996 through 2002. In addition, $118,000,000 to be derived from administration fees in excess of $5.00 per supplementary payment collected pursuant to section 1616(d) of the Social Security Act or section 212(b)(3) of Public Law 93–66, which shall remain available until expended. To the extent that the amounts collected pursuant to such sections in fiscal year 2018 exceed $118,000,000, the amounts shall be available in fiscal year 2019 only to the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts. In addition, up to $1,000,000 to be derived from fees collected pursuant to section 303(c) of the Social Security Protection Act, which shall remain available until expended. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $30,000,000, together with not to exceed $75,500,000, to be transferred and expended as authorized by section 201(g)(1) of the Social Security Act from the Federal OldAge and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund. In addition, an amount not to exceed 3 percent of the total provided in this appropriation may be transferred from the ‘‘Limitation on Administrative Expenses’’, Social Security Administration, to be merged with this account, to be available for the time and purposes for which this account is available: Provided, That notice of such transfers shall be transmitted promptly to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 501. The Secretaries of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education are authorized to transfer unexpended balances of prior appropriations to accounts corresponding to current appropriations provided in this Act. Such transferred balances shall be used for the same purpose, and for the same periods of time, for which they were originally appropriated. SEC. 502. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. SEC. 503. (a) No part of any appropriation contained in this Act or transferred pursuant to section 4002 of Public Law 111–148 shall be used, other than for normal and recognized executivelegislative relationships, for publicity or propaganda purposes, for the preparation, distribution, or use of any kit, pamphlet, booklet, publication, electronic communication, radio, television, or video presentation designed to support or defeat the enactment of legislation before the Congress or any State or local legislature or legislative body, except in presentation to the Congress or any State or local legislature itself, or designed to support or defeat any proposed or pending regulation, administrative action, or order issued by the executive branch of any State or local government, except in presentation to the executive branch of any State or local government itself. (b) No part of any appropriation contained in this Act or transferred pursuant to section 4002 of Public Law 111–148 shall be used to pay the salary or expenses of any grant or contract recipient, or agent acting for such recipient, related to any activity designed to influence the enactment of legislation, appropriations, regulation, administrative action, or Executive order proposed or pending before the Congress or any State government, State legislature or local legislature or legislative body, other than for normal and recognized executivelegislative relationships or participation by an agency or officer of a State, local or tribal government in policymaking and administrative processes within the executive branch of that government. (c) The prohibitions in subsections (a) and (b) shall include any activity to advocate or promote any proposed, pending or future Federal, State or local tax increase, or any proposed, pending, or future requirement or restriction on any legal consumer product, including its sale or marketing, including but not limited to the advocacy or promotion of gun control. SEC. 504. The Secretaries of Labor and Education are authorized to make available not to exceed $28,000 and $20,000, respectively, from funds available for salaries and expenses under titles I and III, respectively, for official reception and representation expenses; the Director of the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service is authorized to make available for official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $5,000 from the funds available for ‘‘Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, Salaries and Expenses’’; and the Chairman of the National Mediation Board is authorized to make available for official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $5,000 from funds available for ‘‘National Mediation Board, Salaries and Expenses’’. SEC. 505. When issuing statements, press releases, requests for proposals, bid solicitations and other documents describing projects or programs funded in whole or in part with Federal money, all grantees receiving Federal funds included in this Act, including but not limited to State and local governments and recipients of Federal research grants, shall clearly state— (1) the percentage of the total costs of the program or project which will be financed with Federal money; (2) the dollar amount of Federal funds for the project or program; and (3) percentage and dollar amount of the total costs of the project or program that will be financed by nongovernmental sources. SEC. 506. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are appropriated in this Act, shall be expended for any abortion. (b) None of the funds appropriated in this Act, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are appropriated in this Act, shall be expended for health benefits coverage that includes coverage of abortion. (c) The term ‘‘health benefits coverage’’ means the package of services covered by a managed care provider or organization pursuant to a contract or other arrangement. SEC. 507. (a) The limitations established in the preceding section shall not apply to an abortion— (1) if the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest; or (2) in the case where a woman suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness, including a lifeendangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself, that would, as certified by a physician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed. (b) Nothing in the preceding section shall be construed as prohibiting the expenditure by a State, locality, entity, or private person of State, local, or private funds (other than a State’s or locality’s contribution of Medicaid matching funds). (c) Nothing in the preceding section shall be construed as restricting the ability of any managed care provider from offering abortion coverage or the ability of a State or locality to contract separately with such a provider for such coverage with State funds (other than a State’s or locality’s contribution of Medicaid matching funds). (d)(1) None of the funds made available in this Act may be made available to a Federal agency or program, or to a State or local government, if such agency, program, or government subjects any institutional or individual health care entity to discrimination on the basis that the health care entity does not provide, pay for, provide coverage of, or refer for abortions. (2) In this subsection, the term ‘‘health care entity’’ includes an individual physician or other health care professional, a hospital, a providersponsored organization, a health maintenance organization, a health insurance plan, or any other kind of health care facility, organization, or plan. SEC. 508. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for— (1) the creation of a human embryo or embryos for research purposes; or (2) research in which a human embryo or embryos are destroyed, discarded, or knowingly subjected to risk of injury or death greater than that allowed for research on fetuses in utero under 45 CFR 46.204(b) and section 498(b) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 289g(b)). (b) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘human embryo or embryos’’ includes any organism, not protected as a human subject under 45 CFR 46 as of the date of the enactment of this Act, that is derived by fertilization, parthenogenesis, cloning, or any other means from one or more human gametes or human diploid cells. SEC. 509. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for any activity that promotes the legalization of any drug or other substance included in schedule I of the schedules of controlled substances established under section 202 of the Controlled Substances Act except for normal and recognized executivecongressional communications. (b) The limitation in subsection (a) shall not apply when there is significant medical evidence of a therapeutic advantage to the use of such drug or other substance or that federally sponsored clinical trials are being conducted to determine therapeutic advantage. SEC. 510. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to promulgate or adopt any final standard under section 1173(b) of the Social Security Act providing for, or providing for the assignment of, a unique health identifier for an individual (except in an individual’s capacity as an employer or a health care provider), until legislation is enacted specifically approving the standard. SEC. 511. None of the funds made available in this Act may be obligated or expended to enter into or renew a contract with an entity if— (1) such entity is otherwise a contractor with the United States and is subject to the requirement in 38 U.S.C. 4212(d) regarding submission of an annual report to the Secretary of Labor concerning employment of certain veterans; and (2) such entity has not submitted a report as required by that section for the most recent year for which such requirement was applicable to such entity. SEC. 512. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriation Act. SEC. 513. None of the funds made available by this Act to carry out the Library Services and Technology Act may be made available to any library covered by paragraph (1) of section 224(f) of such Act, as amended by the Children’s Internet Protection Act, unless such library has made the certifications required by paragraph (4) of such section. SEC. 514. (a) None of the funds provided under this Act, or provided under previous appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2018, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates new programs; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel by any means for any project or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted; (4) relocates an office or employees; (5) reorganizes or renames offices; (6) reorganizes programs or activities; or (7) contracts out or privatizes any functions or activities presently performed by Federal employees; unless the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are consulted 15 days in advance of such reprogramming or of an announcement of intent relating to such reprogramming, whichever occurs earlier, and are notified in writing 10 days in advance of such reprogramming. (b) None of the funds provided under this Act, or provided under previous appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2018, or provided 
from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that— (1) augments existing programs, projects (including construction projects), or activities; (2) reduces by 10 percent funding for any existing program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent as approved by Congress; or (3) results from any general savings from a reduction in personnel which would result in a change in existing programs, activities, or projects as approved by Congress; unless the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are consulted 15 days in advance of such reprogramming or of an announcement of intent relating to such reprogramming, whichever occurs earlier, and are notified in writing 10 days in advance of such reprogramming. SEC. 515. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to request that a candidate for appointment to a Federal scientific advisory committee disclose the political affiliation or voting history of the candidate or the position that the candidate holds with respect to political issues not directly related to and necessary for the work of the committee involved. (b) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to disseminate information that is deliberately false or misleading. SEC. 516. Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, each department and related agency funded through this Act shall submit an operating plan that details at the program, project, and activity level any funding allocations for fiscal year 2018 that are different than those specified in this Act, the accompanying detailed table in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act) or the fiscal year 2018 budget request. SEC. 517. The Secretaries of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education shall each prepare and submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the number and amount of contracts, grants, and cooperative agreements exceeding $500,000 in value and awarded by the Department on a noncompetitive basis during each quarter of fiscal year 2018, but not to include grants awarded on a formula basis or directed by law. Such report shall include the name of the contractor or grantee, the amount of funding, the governmental purpose, including a justification for issuing the award on a noncompetitive basis. Such report shall be transmitted to the Committees within 30 days after the end of the quarter for which the report is submitted. SEC. 518. None of the funds appropriated in this Act shall be expended or obligated by the Commissioner of Social Security, for purposes of administering Social Security benefit payments under title II of the Social Security Act, to process any claim for credit for a quarter of coverage based on work performed under a social security account number that is not the claimant’s number and the performance of such work under such number has formed the basis for a conviction of the claimant of a violation of section 208(a)(6) or (7) of the Social Security Act. SEC. 519. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by the Commissioner of Social Security or the Social Security Administration to pay the compensation of employees of the Social Security Administration to administer Social Security benefit payments, under any agreement between the United States and Mexico establishing totalization arrangements between the social security system established by title II of the Social Security Act and the social security system of Mexico, which would not otherwise be payable but for such agreement. SEC. 520. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, no funds appropriated in this Act shall be used to purchase sterile needles or syringes for the hypodermic injection of any illegal drug: Provided, That such limitation does not apply to the use of funds for elements of a program other than making such purchases if the relevant State or local health department, in consultation with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, determines that the State or local jurisdiction, as applicable, is experiencing, or is at risk for, a significant increase in hepatitis infections or an HIV outbreak due to injection drug use, and such program is operating in accordance with State and local law. SEC. 521. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. SEC. 522. None of the funds made available under this or any other Act, or any prior Appropriations Act, may be provided to the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN), or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries, allied organizations, or successors. SEC. 523. For purposes of carrying out Executive Order 13589, Office of Management and Budget Memorandum M–12–12 dated May 11, 2012, and requirements contained in the annual appropriations bills relating to conference attendance and expenditures: (1) the operating divisions of HHS shall be considered independent agencies; and (2) attendance at and support for scientific conferences shall be tabulated separately from and not included in agency totals. SEC. 524. Federal agencies funded under this Act shall clearly state within the text, audio, or video used for advertising or educational purposes, including emails or Internet postings, that the communication is printed, published, or produced and disseminated at U.S. taxpayer expense. The funds used by a Federal agency to carry out this requirement shall be derived from amounts made available to the agency for advertising or other communications regarding the programs and activities of the agency. SEC. 525. (a) Federal agencies may use Federal discretionary funds that are made available in this Act to carry out up to 10 Performance Partnership Pilots. Such Pilots shall be governed by the provisions of section 526 of division H of Public Law 113–76, except that in carrying out such Pilots section 526 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘FISCAL YEAR2018’’ for ‘‘F ISCAL YEAR2014’’ in the title of subsection (b) and by substituting ‘‘September 30, 2022’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ each place it appears: Pro vided, That such pilots shall include communities that have experienced civil unrest. (b) In addition, Federal agencies may use Federal discretionary funds that are made available in this Act to participate in Performance Partnership Pilots that are being carried out pursuant to the authority provided by section 526 of division H of Public Law 113–76, section 524 of division G of Public Law 113–235, section 525 of division H of Public Law 114–113, and section 525 of division H of Public Law 115–31. (c) Pilot sites selected under authorities in this Act and prior appropriations Acts may be granted by relevant agencies up to an additional 5 years to operate under such authorities. SEC. 526. Not later than 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, beginning with the first quarter of fiscal year 2013, the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services and Education and the Social Security Administration shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate a quarterly report on the status of balances of appropriations: Provided, That for balances that are unobligated and uncommitted, committed, and obligated but unexpended, the quarterly reports shall separately identify the amounts attributable to each source year of appropriation (beginning with fiscal year 2012, or, to the extent feasible, earlier fiscal years) from which balances were derived. 
(RESCISSION)  SEC. 527. Of any available amounts appropriated under section 2104(a)(21) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd) that are unobligated as of September 25, 2018, $3,572,000,000 are hereby rescinded as of such date. SEC. 528. Amounts deposited in the Child Enrollment Contingency Fund prior to the beginning of fiscal year 2018 under section 2104(n)(2) of the Social Security Act and the income derived from investment of those funds pursuant to section 2104(n)(2)(C) of that Act, shall not be available for obligation in this fiscal year. SEC. 529. Of the amounts deposited in the Child Enrollment Contingency Fund for fiscal year 2018 under section 2104(n)(2) of the Social Security Act and the income derived from investment of those funds pursuant to section 2104(n)(2)(C) of that Act, $1,967,678,000 shall not be available for obligation in this fiscal year. 
(RESCISSION)  SEC. 530. Of the funds made available for purposes of carrying out section 2105(a)(3) of the Social Security Act, $88,613,000 are hereby rescinded. 
(RESCISSION)  SEC. 531. Any unobligated balances of available amounts appropriated under section 108 of Public Law 111–3, as amended, other than amounts subject to section 210(f) of the Social Security Act, are hereby rescinded. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION I—LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I LEGISLATIVE BRANCH SENATE EXPENSE ALLOWANCES  For expense allowances of the Vice President, $18,760; the President Pro Tempore of the Senate, $37,520; Majority Leader of the Senate, $39,920; Minority Leader of the Senate, $39,920; Majority Whip of the Senate, $9,980; Minority Whip of the Senate, $9,980; President Pro Tempore Emeritus, $15,000; Chairmen of the Majority and Minority Conference Committees, $4,690 for each Chairman; and Chairmen of the Majority and Minority Policy Committees, $4,690 for each Chairman; in all, $189,840. For representation allowances of the Majority and Minority Leaders of the Senate, $14,070 for each such Leader; in all, $28,140 . SALARIES , OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES  For compensation of officers, employees, and others as authorized by law, including 
agency contributions, $194,867,812, which shall be paid from this appropriation as follows: 
OFFICE OF THE VICE PRESIDENT  For the Office of the Vice President, $2,417,248. 
OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE  For the Office of the President Pro Tempore, $723,466. 
EMERITUS  For the Office of the President Pro Tempore Emeritus, $309,000. 
LEADERS  For Offices of the Majority and Minority Leaders, $5,255,576. 
OFFICES OF THE MAJORITY AND MINORITY WHIPS  For Offices of the Majority and Minority Whips, $3,359,424. 
COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS  For salaries of the Committee on Appropriations, $15,142,000. 
CONFERENCE COMMITTEES  For the Conference of the Majority and the Conference of the Minority, at rates of compensation to be fixed by the Chairman of each such committee, $1,658,000 for each such committee; in all, $3,316,000. 
OFFICES OF THE SECRETARIES OF THE CON FERENCE OF THE MAJORITY AND THE CON FERENCE OF THE MINORITY  For Offices of the Secretaries of the Conference of the Majority and the Conference of the Minority, $817,402. 
POLICY COMMITTEES  For salaries of the Majority Policy Committee and the Minority Policy Committee, $1,692,905 for each such committee; in all, $3,385,810. 
OFFICE OF THE CHAPLAIN  For Office of the Chaplain, $436,886. 
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  For Office of the Secretary, $25,132,000. 
DOORKEEPER  For Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper, $78,565,000. 
MAJORITY AND MINORITY  For Offices of the Secretary for the Majority and the Secretary for the Minority, $1,810,000. 
EXPENSES  For agency contributions for employee benefits, as authorized by law, and related expenses, $54,198,000. OFFICE OF THE LEGISLATIVE COUNSEL OF THE  SENATE  For salaries and expenses of the Office of the Legislative Counsel of the Senate, $6,115,000. OFFICE OF SENATE LEGAL COUNSEL  For salaries and expenses of the Office of Senate Legal Counsel, $1,147,000. EXPENSE ALLOWANCES OF THE SECRETARY OF  
THESENATE , SERGEANT AT ARMS AND DOORKEEPER OF THE SENATE , AND SECRETARIES  
FOR THE MAJORITY AND MINORITY OF THE  SENATE  For expense allowances of the Secretary of the Senate, $7,110; Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate, $7,110; Secretary for the Majority of the Senate, $7,110; Secretary for the Minority of the Senate, $7,110; in all, $28,440. CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF THE SENATE  
INQUIRIES AND INVESTIGATIONS  For expenses of inquiries and investigations ordered by the Senate, or conducted under paragraph 1 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Senate, section 112 of the Supplemental Appropriations and Rescission Act, 1980 (Public Law 96–304), and Senate Resolution 281, 96th Congress, agreed to March 11, 1980, $133,265,000, of which $26,650,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. U.S. SENATE CAUCUS ON INTERNATIONAL  
NARCOTICS CONTROL  For expenses of the United States Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Control, $508,000. 
SECRETARY OF THE SENATE  For expenses of the Office of the Secretary of the Senate, $10,536,000 of which $7,036,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022 and of which $4,100,000 shall remain available until expended. 
SENATE  For expenses of the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate, $130,076,000, which shall remain available until September 30, 2022. 
MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS  For miscellaneous items, $18,870,349 which shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
EXPENSE ACCOUNT  For Senators’ Official Personnel and Office Expense Account, $424,000,000 of which $20,128,950 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
OFFICIAL MAIL COSTS  For expenses necessary for official mail costs of the Senate, $300,000. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
OR TO REDUCE THE FEDERAL DEBT  SEC. 101. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any amounts appropriated under this Act under the heading ‘‘SENATE’’ under the heading ‘‘CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF THE  SENATE ’’ under the heading ‘‘ SENATORS ’ OFFICIAL PERSONNEL AND OFFICE EXPENSE AC COUNT ’’ shall be available for obligation only during the fiscal year or fiscal years for which such amounts are made available. Any unexpended balances under such allowances remaining after the end of the period of availability shall be returned to the Treasury in accordance with the undesignated paragraph under the center heading ‘‘GENERAL PROVISION’’ under chapter XI of the Third Supplemental Appropriation Act, 1957 (2 U.S.C. 4107) and used for deficit reduction (or, if there is no Federal budget deficit after all such payments have been made, for reducing the Federal debt, in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appropriate). 
SENATE PROCUREMENTS  SEC. 102. Section 6102 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) SENATE .—Section 6101 of this title does not apply to agreements, contracts or purchases by any office of the Senate.’’. 
DEPARTING SENATORS AND VICE PRESIDENTS  SEC. 103. (a) Section 102 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2002 (2 U.S.C. 4579) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (5) as paragraphs (3) through (7), respectively; (B) by inserting before paragraph (3), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(1) DEPARTURE DATE .—The term ‘departure date’ means the earlier of— ‘‘(A) the date on which the term of a departing Senator or Vice President ends; or ‘‘(B) the date on which the departing Senator or Vice President will retire or resign. ‘‘(2) DEPARTING SENATOR OR VICE PRESI DENT .—The term ‘departing Senator or Vice President’ means a Senator or Vice President who will not serve in the next term due to retirement, resignation, a decision to not seek reelection, or a failure to secure reelection.’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)(B), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘rate of basic pay for an employee for a position at ES1’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘rate of basic pay payable for a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code.’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1)(A)(ii), by striking ‘‘1year’’; (3) in subsection (c)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘The term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) DEPARTING SENATORS AND VICE PRESI DENTS .—After the date that is 1 year before the departure date of a departing Senator or Vice President, the departing Senator or Vice President may enter into a service agreement under this section with an eligible employee of the office of the Senator or Vice President (including an eligible employee who has completed a required period of employment under a previous service agreement) that includes a required period of employment that— ‘‘(i) is less than 1 year; and ‘‘(ii) shall end on the last day of the last full pay period ending on or before the departure date of the departing Senator or Vice President.’’; (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘under subsection (f)(7).’’ and inserting a semicolon; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the agreement is terminated as provided under subsection (f)(7)(A); or ‘‘(D) the employee separates from service with the office of a departing Senator or Vice President.’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘(including a required period of employment described in subsection (c)(1)(B))’’ after ‘‘required period of employment’’; and (5) in subsection (f), by striking paragraph (7) and inserting the following: ‘‘(7) CHANGE IN PAYMENTS .— ‘‘(A) REDUCTION .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the terms of a service agreement under this section, the head of an employing office may reduce the amount of student loan payments made under the agreement if adequate funds are not available to such office. ‘‘(ii) NOTICE .—If the head of an employing office decides to reduce the amount of student loan payments to an eligible employee under clause (i)— ‘‘(I) the employing office shall concurrently notify the eligible employee and the Secretary of the Senate of the reduction; and ‘‘(II) not later than 30 days after the date of the concurrent notice, the eligible employee may terminate the service agreement. ‘‘(B) INCREASE .—Notwithstanding the terms of a service agreement under this section, the head of an employing office, with the consent of an eligible employee, may increase the amount of student loan payments 
made under the agreement with the eligible employee, if— ‘‘(i) the office has adequate funds available for the purpose of agreements under this section; ‘‘(ii) the amount of the increased payment does not exceed the limitations under this section; and ‘‘(iii) the total amount of the loan payments to be made (including such increase) during the remainder of the required period of employment does not exceed the amount of student loan indebtedness of the eligible employee as of the date of the increase.’’. (b) The amendments made by this section shall— (1) take effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) apply to a service agreement under section 102 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2002 (2 U.S.C. 4579) that is in effect on the date of enactment of this Act or entered into on or after the date of enactment of this Act. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the House of Representatives, $1,200,000,766, as follows: HOUSE LEADERSHIP OFFICES  For salaries and expenses, as authorized by law, $22,278,891, including: Office of the Speaker, $6,645,417, including $25,000 for official expenses of the Speaker; Office of the Majority Floor Leader, $2,180,048, including $10,000 for official expenses of the Majority Leader; Office of the Minority Floor Leader, $7,114,471, including $10,000 for official expenses of the Minority Leader; Office of the Majority Whip, including the Chief Deputy Majority Whip, $1,886,632, including $5,000 for official expenses of the Majority Whip; Office of the Minority Whip, including the Chief Deputy Minority Whip, $1,459,639, including $5,000 for official expenses of the Minority Whip; Republican Conference, $1,505,426; Democratic Caucus, $1,487,258: Provided, That such amount for salaries and expenses shall remain available from January 3, 2018 until January 2, 2019. MEMBERS ’ REPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES  INCLUDING MEMBERS ’ CLERK HIRE, OFFICIAL  EXPENSES OF MEMBERS , ANDOFFICIAL MAIL For Members’ representational allowances, including Members’ clerk hire, official expenses, and official mail, $562,632,498. COMMITTEE EMPLOYEES  STANDING COMMITTEES , SPECIAL AND SELECT  For salaries and expenses of standing committees, special and select, authorized by House resolutions, $127,053,373: Provided, That such amount shall remain available for such salaries and expenses until December 31, 2018, except that $3,150,200 of such amount shall remain available until expended for committee room upgrading. COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS  For salaries and expenses of the Committee on Appropriations, $23,226,000, including studies and examinations of executive agencies and temporary personal services for such committee, to be expended in accordance with section 202(b) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 and to be available for reimbursement to agencies for services performed: Provided, That such amount shall remain available for such salaries and expenses until December 31, 2018. SALARIES , OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES  For compensation and expenses of officers and employees, as authorized by law, $204,356,000, including: for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Clerk, including the positions of the Chaplain and the Historian, and including not more than $25,000 for official representation and reception expenses, of which not more than $20,000 is for the Family Room and not more than $2,000 is for the Office of the Chaplain, $27,945,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Sergeant at Arms, including the position of Superintendent of Garages and the Office of Emergency Management, and including not more than $3,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $20,505,000 of which $6,696,000 shall remain available until expended; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer including not more than $3,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $132,865,000, of which $2,108,000 shall remain available until expended; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Inspector General, $4,968,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of General Counsel, $1,492,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Parliamentarian, including the Parliamentarian, $2,000 for preparing the Digest of Rules, and not more than $1,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $2,037,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Law Revision Counsel of the House, $3,209,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Legislative Counsel of the House, $9,937,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of Interparliamentary Affairs, $814,000; for other authorized employees, $584,000. ALLOWANCES AND EXPENSES  For allowances and expenses as authorized by House resolution or law, $260,454,004, including: supplies, materials, administrative costs and Federal tort claims, $3,625,000; official mail for committees, leadership offices, and administrative offices of the House, $190,000; Government contributions for health, retirement, Social Security, and other applicable employee benefits, $233,040,004, to remain available until March 31, 2019; Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery, $16,186,000 of which $5,000,000 shall remain available until expended; transition activities for new members and staff, $2,273,000, to remain available until expended; Wounded Warrior Program $2,750,000, to remain available until expended; Office of Congressional Ethics, $1,670,000; and miscellaneous items including purchase, exchange, maintenance, repair and operation of House motor vehicles, interparliamentary receptions, and gratuities to heirs of deceased employees of the House, $720,000. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
FEDERAL DEBT  SEC. 110. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any amounts appropriated under this Act for ‘‘HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES—SALARIES AND EXPENSES — MEMBERS ’ REPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES ’’ shall be available only for fiscal year 2018. Any amount remaining after all payments are made under such allowances for fiscal year 2018 shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for deficit reduction (or, if there is no Federal budget deficit after all such payments have been made, for reducing the Federal debt, in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appropriate). (b) REGULATIONS .—The Committee on House Administration of the House of Representatives shall have authority to prescribe regulations to carry out this section. (c) DEFINITION .—As used in this section, the term ‘‘Member of the House of Representatives’’ means a Representative in, or a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to, the Congress. 
VEHICLES  SEC. 113. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives to make any payments from any Members’ Representational Allowance for the leasing of a vehicle, excluding mobile district offices, in an aggregate amount that exceeds $1,000 for the vehicle in any month. 
LIMITATION ON PRINTED COPIES OF U .S. CODE TO  
HOUSE  SEC. 114. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide an aggregate number of more than 50 printed copies of any edition of the United States Code to all offices of the House of Representatives. 
DELIVERY OF REPORTS OF DISBURSEMENTS  SEC. 115. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of the report of disbursements for the operations of the House of Representatives under section 106 of the House of Representatives Administrative Reform Technical Corrections Act (2 U.S.C. 5535) to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress). 
DELIVERY OF DAILY CALENDAR  SEC. 116. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to deliver to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) a printed copy of the Daily Calendar of the House of Representatives which is prepared by the Clerk of the House of Representatives. 
DIRECTORY  SEC. 117. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of the Congressional Pictorial Directory to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress). 
FUND  SEC. 118. (a) C OLLECTION OF CERTAIN SERVICEFEES.—Section 105(a) of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2005 (2 U.S.C. 5545(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) The collection of a service fee from vendors of the Master Web Services Agreement or the Technology Services Contract for failure to abide by and maintain House of Representatives security policies.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
TRANSFER OF FUNDS  SEC. 119. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, upon completion of the second fiscal year which begins after the end of the period during which amounts appropriated under any of the items under the heading ‘‘House of Representatives, Salaries and Expenses’’ are available for obligation or expenditure, any such amounts which remain unobligated and unexpended shall be transferred to the heading ‘‘House of Representatives, Salaries and Expenses, Allowances and Expenses’’ and shall be available 
until expended for purposes of House of Representatives Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery. (b) Subsection (a) does not apply to amounts appropriated under the heading ‘‘House of Representatives, Salaries and Expenses, Members’ Representational Allowances’’. (c) The Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives shall notify the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives prior to the obligation or expenditure of any amounts transferred under subsection (a). (d) This section shall apply with respect to amounts appropriated for fiscal year 2018 or any succeeding fiscal year. JOINT ITEMS For Joint Committees, as follows: JOINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE  For salaries and expenses of the Joint Economic Committee, $4,203,000, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. JOINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION  For salaries and expenses of the Joint Committee on Taxation, $11,169,000, to be disbursed by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives. For other joint items, as follows: OFFICE OF THE ATTENDING PHYSICIAN  For medical supplies, equipment, and contingent expenses of the emergency rooms, and for the Attending Physician and his assistants, including: (1) an allowance of $2,175 per month to the Attending Physician; (2) an allowance of $1,300 per month to the Senior Medical Officer; (3) an allowance of $725 per month each to three medical officers while on duty in the Office of the Attending Physician; (4) an allowance of $725 per month to 2 assistants and $580 per month each not to exceed 11 assistants on the basis heretofore provided for such assistants; and (5) $2,780,000 for reimbursement to the Department of the Navy for expenses incurred for staff and equipment assigned to the Office of the Attending Physician, which shall be advanced and credited to the applicable appropriation or appropriations from which such salaries, allowances, and other expenses are payable and shall be available for all the purposes thereof, $3,838,000, to be disbursed by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives. OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL ACCESSIBILITY  SERVICES  SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the Office of Congressional Accessibility Services, $1,444,000, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. CAPITOL POLICE SALARIES  For salaries of employees of the Capitol Police, including overtime, hazardous duty pay, and Government contributions for health, retirement, social security, professional liability insurance, and other applicable employee benefits, $351,700,000 of which overtime shall not exceed $45,000,000 unless the Committee on Appropriations of the House and Senate are notified, to be disbursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee. GENERAL EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Capitol Police, including motor vehicles, communications and other equipment, security equipment and installation, uniforms, weapons, supplies, materials, training, medical services, forensic services, stenographic services, personal and professional services, the employee assistance program, the awards program, postage, communication services, travel advances, relocation of instructor and liaison personnel for the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center, and not more than $5,000 to be expended on the certification of the Chief of the Capitol Police in connection with official representation and reception expenses, $74,800,000, to be disbursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the cost of basic training for the Capitol Police at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center for fiscal year 2018 shall be paid by the Secretary of Homeland Security from funds available to the Department of Homeland Security. OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the Office of Compliance, as authorized by section 305 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1385), $4,959,000, of which $450,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not more than $500 may be expended on the certification of the Executive Director of the Office of Compliance in connection with official representation and reception expenses. CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses necessary for operation of the Congressional Budget Office, including not more than $6,000 to be expended on the certification of the Director of the Congressional Budget Office in connection with official representation and reception expenses, $49,945,000. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  
CONTRACTING PARITY  SEC. 130. In fiscal year 2018 and thereafter, for all contracts for goods and services to which the Congressional Budget Office is a party, the following Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clauses will apply: FAR 52.232–39 and FAR 52.233–4. ARCHITECT OF THE CAPITOL CAPITAL CONSTRUCTION AND OPERATIONS  For salaries for the Architect of the Capitol, and other personal services, at rates of pay provided by law; for all necessary expenses for surveys and studies, construction, operation, and general and administrative support in connection with facilities and activities under the care of the Architect of the Capitol including the Botanic Garden; electrical substations of the Capitol, Senate and House office buildings, and other facilities under the jurisdiction of the Architect of the Capitol; including furnishings and office equipment; including not more than $5,000 for official reception and representation expenses, to be expended as the Architect of the Capitol may approve; for purchase or exchange, maintenance, and operation of a passenger motor vehicle, $93,478,000. CAPITOL BUILDING  For all necessary expenses for the maintenance, care and operation of the Capitol, $45,300,000, of which $19,458,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022. CAPITOL GROUNDS  For all necessary expenses for care and improvement of grounds surrounding the Capitol, the Senate and House office buildings, and the Capitol Power Plant, $13,333,000, of which $3,195,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022. SENATE OFFICE BUILDINGS  For all necessary expenses for the maintenance, care and operation of Senate office buildings; and furniture and furnishings to be expended under the control and supervision of the Architect of the Capitol, $101,614,000, of which $38,937,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022. HOUSE OFFICE BUILDINGS  For all necessary expenses for the maintenance, care and operation of the House office buildings, $197,294,000, of which $73,130,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022, and of which $62,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the restoration and renovation of the Cannon House Office Building. In addition, for a payment to the House Historic Buildings Revitalization Trust Fund, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended. CAPITOL POWER PLANT  For all necessary expenses for the maintenance, care and operation of the Capitol Power Plant; lighting, heating, power (including the purchase of electrical energy) and water and sewer services for the Capitol, Senate and House office buildings, Library of Congress buildings, and the grounds about the same, Botanic Garden, Senate garage, and air conditioning refrigeration not supplied from plants in any of such buildings; heating the Government Publishing Office and Washington City Post Office, and heating and chilled water for air conditioning for the Supreme Court Building, the Union Station complex, the Thurgood Marshall Federal Judiciary Building and the Folger Shakespeare Library, expenses for which shall be advanced or reimbursed upon request of the Architect of the Capitol and amounts so received shall be deposited into the Treasury to the credit of this appropriation, $106,694,000, of which $28,057,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022: Pro vided, That not more than $9,000,000 of the funds credited or to be reimbursed to this appropriation as herein provided shall be available for obligation during fiscal year 2018. LIBRARY BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS  For all necessary expenses for the mechanical and structural maintenance, care and operation of the Library buildings and grounds, $74,873,000, of which $47,500,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022. CAPITOL POLICE BUILDINGS , GROUNDS AND  SECURITY  For all necessary expenses for the maintenance, care and operation of buildings, grounds and security enhancements of the United States Capitol Police, wherever located, the Alternate Computing Facility, and Architect of the Capitol security operations, $34,249,000, of which $13,300,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022. BOTANIC GARDEN  For all necessary expenses for the maintenance, care and operation of the Botanic Garden and the nurseries, buildings, grounds, and collections; and purchase and exchange, maintenance, repair, and operation of a passenger motor vehicle; all under the direction of the Joint Committee on the Library, $13,800,000, of which $3,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of the amount made available under this heading, the Architect of the Capitol may obligate and expend such sums as may be necessary for the maintenance, care and operation of the National Garden established under section 307E of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1989 (2 U.S.C. 2146), upon vouchers approved by the Architect of the Capitol or a duly authorized designee. CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER  For all necessary expenses for the operation of the Capitol Visitor Center, $21,470,000. 
SCHEDULE OR OVER BUDGET  SEC. 140. None of the funds made available in this Act for the Architect of the Capitol may be used to make incentive or award payments to contractors for work on contracts or programs for which the contractor is behind schedule or over budget, unless the Architect of the Capitol, or agencyemployed designee, determines that any such deviations are due to unforeseeable events, governmentdriven scope changes, or are not significant within the overall scope of the project and/or program. 
SCRIMS  SEC. 141. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for scrims containing photographs of building facades during restoration or construction projects performed by the Architect of the Capitol. LIBRARY OF CONGRESS SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses of the Library of Congress not otherwise provided for, including development and maintenance of the Library’s catalogs; custody and custodial care of the Library buildings; special clothing; cleaning, laundering and repair of uniforms; preservation of motion pictures in the custody of the Library; operation and maintenance of the American Folklife Center in the Library; preparation and distribution of catalog records and other publications of the Library; hire or purchase of one passenger motor vehicle; and expenses of the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board not properly chargeable to the income of any trust fund held by the Board, $477,017,000, of which not more than $6,000,000 shall be derived from collections credited to this appropriation during fiscal year 2018, and shall remain available until expended, under the Act of June 28, 1902 (chapter 1301; 32 Stat. 480; 2 U.S.C. 150) and not more than $350,000 shall be derived from collections during fiscal year 2018 and shall remain available until expended for the development and maintenance of an international legal information database and activities related thereto: Provided, That the Library of Congress may not obligate or expend any funds derived from collections under the Act of June 28, 1902, in excess of the amount authorized for obligation or expenditure in appropriations Acts: Pro vided further, That the total amount available for obligation shall be reduced by the amount by which collections are less than $6,350,000: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, not more than $12,000 may be expended, on the certification of the Librarian of Congress, in connection with official representation and reception expenses for the Overseas Field Offices: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, $8,653,000 shall remain available until expended for the digital collections and educational curricula program: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, $1,300,000 shall remain available until expended for upgrade of the Legislative Branch Financial Management System: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, $10,000,000 is provided to enhance public exhibits and visitor services at the Library; of which $2,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020 for planning, including developing direct and indirect cost estimates in conjunction with the Architect of the Capitol; and of which $8,000,000, to remain available until expended, may be obligated and expended only upon written approval by the Chair and ranking minority member of the Subcommittee on the Legislative Branch of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and by the Chair and ranking minority member of the Subcommittee on the Legislative Branch of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, following review of a project budget justification and cost estimate. COPYRIGHT OFFICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses of the Copyright Office, $72,011,000, of which not more than $35,218,000, to remain available until expended, shall be derived from collections credited to this appropriation during fiscal year 2018 under section 708(d) of title 17, United States Code: Provided, That the Copyright Office may not obligate or expend any funds derived from collections under such section, in excess of the amount authorized for obligation or expenditure in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That not more than $6,087,000 shall be derived from collections during fiscal year 2018 under sections 111(d)(2), 119(b)(3), 803(e), 1005, and 1316 of such title: Provided further, That the total amount available for obligation shall be reduced by the amount by which collections are less than $41,305,000: Provided further, That $2,260,000 shall be derived from prior year unobligated balances: Provided further, That not more than $100,000 of the amount appropriated is available for the maintenance of an ‘‘International Copyright Institute’’ in the Copyright Office of the Library of Congress for the purpose of training nationals of developing countries in intellectual property laws and policies: Provided further, That not more than $6,500 may be expended, on the certification of the Librarian of Congress, in connection with official representation and reception expenses for activities of the International Copyright Institute and for copyright delegations, visitors, and seminars: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any provision of chapter 8 of title 17, United States Code, any amounts made available under this heading which are attributable to royalty fees and payments received by the Copyright Office pursuant to sections 111, 119, and chapter 10 of such title may be used for the costs incurred in the administration of the Copyright Royalty Judges program, with the exception of the costs of salaries and benefits for the Copyright Royalty Judges and staff under section 802(e). CONGRESSIONAL RESEARCH SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 203 of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 166) and to revise and extend the Annotated Constitution of the United States of America, $119,279,000: Provided, That no part of such amount may be used to pay any salary or expense in connection with any publication, or preparation of material therefor (except the Digest of Public General Bills), to be issued by the Library of Congress unless such publication has obtained prior approval of either the Committee on House Administration of the House of Representatives or the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate: Provided further, That this prohibition does not apply to publication of non confidential Congressional Research Service (CRS) products: Provided further, That a non confidential CRS product includes any written product containing research or analysis that is currently available for general congressional access on the CRS Congressional Intranet, or that would be made available on the CRS Congressional Intranet in the normal course of business and does not include material prepared in response to Congressional requests for confidential analysis or research. BOOKS FOR THE BLIND AND PHYSICALLY  HANDICAPPED  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses to carry out the Act of March 3, 1931 (chapter 400; 46 Stat. 1487; 2 U.S.C. 135a), $51,498,000: Provided, That of the total amount appropriated, $650,000 shall be available to contract to provide newspapers to blind and physically handicapped residents at no cost to the individual. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
ACTIVITIES  SEC. 150. (a) I NGENERAL .—For fiscal year 2018, the obligational authority of the Library of Congress for the activities described in subsection (b) may not exceed $190,642,000. (b) ACTIVITIES .—The activities referred to in subsection (a) are reimbursable and revolving fund activities that are funded from sources other than appropriations to the Library in appropriations Acts for the legislative branch. 
REVOLVING FUNDS UPDATE  SEC. 151. The Library of Congress Fiscal Operations Improvement Act of 2000 (2 U.S.C. 182a et seq.; Public Law 106–481) is amended— (1) in section 102 (2 U.S.C. 182b)— (A) in the section heading, by striking the heading and inserting ‘‘Revolving fund for sales shop and other services’’; and (B) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) Training.’’; and (2) in section 103(f)(1) (2 U.S.C. 182c(f)(1)), by inserting ‘‘tribal governments (as defined in 40 U.S.C. 502(c)(2)(B))’’ after ‘‘Federal Government,’’. 
GIFTS  SEC. 152. The first undesignated paragraph of section 4 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to create a Library of Congress Trust Fund Board, and for other purposes’’, approved March 3, 1925 (2 U.S.C. 160), is amended— (1) in the first sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘of money for immediate disbursement’’; and (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, of the following: (1) nonpersonal services; (2) voluntary and uncompensated personal services not to exceed $10,000 per person, per year in value; and (3) gifts or bequests of money for immediate disbursement.’’; and (2) by adding the following sentence at the end of the first paragraph: ‘‘The Librarian shall make an annual public report regarding gifts accepted under this section.’’. 
APPLICATION OF CONGRESSIONAL ACCOUNT ABILITY ACT OF 1995 TO THE LIBRARY OF CON GRESS ; ELECTION OF PROCEEDING  SEC. 153. (a) A PPLICATION OF CONGRES SIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1995 TO THE  LIBRARY OF CONGRESS .— (1) APPLICATION THROUGH DEFINITIONS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Section 101 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1301) is amended— (i) in paragraph (3)— (I) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (II) in subparagraph (I), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) the Library of Congress, except for section 220.’’; and (ii) in paragraph (9)— (I) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (II) in subparagraph (D), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) the Library of Congress, except for section 220.’’. (B) PUBLIC SERVICES AND ACCOMMODA TIONS .—Section 210(a) of the Congressional 
Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1331(a)) is amended— (i) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (10), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) the Library of Congress.’’. (C) LABOR MANAGEMENT REGULATIONS .— Section 220(a) of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1351(a)) is amended— (i) in paragraph (2), in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘(2) DEFINITION .—’’ and in serting ‘‘(2) APPLICATION .—’’ ; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘covered employee’ does not include an employee of the Library of Congress, and the term ‘employing office’ does not include the Library of Congress.’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO ACT .—The Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1301 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 204(a)(2) (2 U.S.C. 1314(a)(2)), by striking ‘‘and the Library of Congress’’ each place it appears; (B) in section 205(a)(2) (2 U.S.C. 1315(a)(2)), by striking ‘‘and the Library of Congress’’ each place it appears; (C) in section 206(a)(2) (2 U.S.C. 1316(a)(2))— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and the Library of Congress’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and the Library of Congress’’; (D) in section 215(a)(2) (2 U.S.C. 1341(a)(2))— (i) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘, the Library of Congress,’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and the Library of Congress’’; and (E) in section 415(a) (2 U.S.C. 1415(a))— (i) by striking the comma after ‘‘General Accounting Office’’ and inserting ‘‘or’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, or the Library of Congress’’. (b) ELECTION OF PROCEEDING .— (1) PROCEDURE .—Section 401(3) of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1401(3)) is amended— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘either’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) in the case of an Library claimant (as defined in section 404(a)), a proceeding described in section 404(b)(3) that relates to the violation at issue.’’. (2) ELECTION .—Section 404 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1404) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Not’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) ELECTION AFTER PROCEEDINGS INITIALLY BROUGHT UNDER THISACT.—Not’’; and (B) by inserting after the section heading the following: ‘‘(a) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) DIRECT ACT .—The term ‘direct Act’ means an Act (other than this Act), or provision of the Revised Statutes, that is specified in section 201, 202, 203, or 210. ‘‘(2) DIRECT PROVISION .—The term ‘direct provision’ means a provision (including a definitional provision) of a direct Act that applies the rights or protections of a direct Act (including rights and protections relating to nonretaliation or noncoercion) to a library claimant. ‘‘(3) LIBRARY CLAIMANT .—The term ‘Library claimant’ means— ‘‘(A) with respect to a direct provision (other than a provision described in subparagraph (B)), an employee of the Library of Congress who is covered by that direct provision, and ‘‘(B) with respect to a direct provision that applies the rights or protections of title II or III of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12131 et seq., 12181 et seq.), an individual who is eligible to provide services for or receive services from the Library of Congress and who is covered by that provision.’’; (C) in subsection (b), as added by subparagraph (A) of this paragraph— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may either’’ and inserting ‘‘who initially requested counseling and mediation under this title may elect to’’; (ii) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (iii) in paragraph (2), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and ‘‘(3) in the case of a Library claimant, bring the claim, complaint, or charge that is brought for a proceeding before the corresponding Federal agency, under the corresponding direct provision.’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) ELECTION AFTER PROCEEDINGS INITIALLY BROUGHT UNDER OTHER CIVIL RIGHTS  
ORLABOR LAW.—A library claimant who initially brings a claim, complaint, or charge under a direct provision for a proceeding before a Federal agency may, prior to requesting a hearing under the agency’s procedures, elect to— ‘‘(1) bring any civil action relating to the claim, complaint, or charge, that is available to the Library claimant, ‘‘(2) file a complaint with the Office in accordance with section 405, or ‘‘(3) file a civil action in accordance with section 408 in the United States district court for the district in which the employee is employed or for the District of Columbia.’’. (c) PROSPECTIVE APPLICABILITY .—This sec tion and the amendments made by this section— (1) shall take effect on the date of enactment of this section; and (2) shall apply to any charge, complaint, or claim, that is made on or after the date of enactment of this section, of a violation of— (A) section 201, 202, 203, 207, or 210 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1311 et seq.); or (B) a direct provision as defined in section 404(a) of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1404) (as added by subsection (b)). 
SERVICE REPORTS  SEC. 154. (a) D EFINITIONS .— (1) CRS 
PRODUCT .—In this section, the term ‘‘CRS product’’ means any final written work product of CRS containing research or analysis in any format that is available for general congressional access on the CRS Congressional Intranet. (2) CRS 
REPORT .— (A) IN GENERAL .—In this section, the term ‘‘CRS Report’’ means any written CRS product, including an update to a previous written CRS product, consisting of— (i) a Congressional Research Service Report; or (ii) a Congressional Research Service Authorization of Appropriations Product and Appropriations Product, which is available for general congressional access on the CRS Congressional Intranet. (B) EXCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘CRS Report’’ does not include— (i) any CRS product that is determined by the CRS Director to be a confidential product or service because it was prepared in response to a congressional request or requests for confidential analysis or research and is not available for general congressional access on the CRS Congressional Intranet; (ii) any Congressional Research Service Report or any Congressional Research Service Authorization of Appropriations Product and Appropriations Product reported or produced before the effective date of this Act which, as of such effective date, is not available for general congressional access on the CRS Congressional Intranet; or (iii) a written CRS product that has been made available by CRS for publication on a public website maintained by the GPO Director (other than the Website) or the Library of Congress. (3) OTHER DEFINITIONS .—In this section— (A) the term ‘‘CRS’’ means the Congressional Research Service; (B) the term ‘‘CRS Congressional Intranet’’ means the Website maintained by CRS at www.crs.gov, or a successor website, for the purpose of providing to Members and employees of Congress access to information from CRS; (C) the term ‘‘CRS Director’’ means the Director of CRS; (D) the term ‘‘Librarian of Congress’’ means the Librarian of Congress appointed pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 136–1; (E) the term ‘‘Member of Congress’’ includes a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to Congress; and (F) the term ‘‘Website’’ means the website established and maintained under subsection (b). (b) AVAILABILITY OF CRS R EPORTS THROUGH  LIBRARY OF CONGRESS WEBSITE .— (1) WEBSITE .— (A) ESTABLISHMENT AND MAINTENANCE .— The Librarian of Congress, in consultation with the CRS Director, shall establish and maintain a public website containing CRS Reports and an index of all CRS Reports contained on the website, in accordance with this subsection. (B) FORMAT .—On the Website, CRS Reports shall be searchable, sortable, and downloadable, including downloadable in bulk. (C) FREE ACCESS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Librarian of Congress may not charge a fee for access to the Website. (2) UPDATES ; DISCLAIMER .—The Librarian of Congress, in consultation with the CRS Director, shall ensure that the Website— (A) is updated contemporaneously, automatically, and electronically to include each new or updated CRS Report released on or after the effective date of this section; (B) shows the status of each CRS Report as new, updated, or archived; and (C) displays the following statement in reference to the CRS Reports included on the Website: ‘‘These documents were prepared by the Congressional Research Service (CRS). CRS serves as nonpartisan shared staff to congressional committees and Members of Congress. It operates solely at the behest of and under the direction of Congress. Information in a CRS Report should not be relied upon for purposes other than public understanding of information that has been provided by CRS to Members of Congress in connection with CRS’s institutional role. CRS Reports, as a work of the United States Government, are not subject to copyright protection in the United States. Any CRS Report may be reproduced and distributed in its entirety without permission from CRS. However, as a CRS Report may include copyrighted images or material from a third party, you may need to obtain the permission of the copyright holder if you wish to copy or otherwise use copyrighted material.’’. (3) FURNISHING OF NECESSARY INFORMATION  
AND TECHNOLOGY .—The CRS Director shall consult with and provide assistance to the Librarian of Congress to ensure— 
(A) that the Librarian of Congress is provided with all of the information necessary to carry out this section, including all of the information described in clauses (i) through (iv) of subsection (c)(1)(A), in such format and manner as the Librarian of Congress considers appropriate; and (B) that CRS makes available any information and assistance as may be necessary to facilitate the contemporaneous, automatic, and electronic provision of CRS Reports to the Librarian of Congress as required under this section. (4) NONEXCLUSIVITY .—The Librarian of Congress may publish other information on the Website. (5) ALTERNATIVE TECHNIQUES .—The Librarian of Congress and the CRS Director may use additional techniques to make CRS Reports available to the public, if such techniques are consistent with this section and any other applicable laws. (6) ADDITIONAL INFORMATION .—The CRS Director is encouraged to make additional CRS products that are not confidential products or services available to the Librarian of Congress for publication on the Website, and the Librarian of Congress is encouraged to publish such CRS products on the Website. (7) EXPANSION OF CONTENTS OF ANNUAL RE PORT TO CONGRESS TO INCLUDE INFORMATION  
AVAILABLE ON WEBSITE .—Section 203(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 166(i)) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, and shall include in the report a description of the efforts made by the Director to make additional Congressional Research Service products that are not confidential products or services available to the Librarian of Congress for publication on the website established and maintained under section 124 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2018.’’. (c) WEBSITE CONTENTS .— (1) SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS FOR REPORTS  
POSTED ON WEBSITE .— (A) RESPONSIBILITIES OF LIBRARIAN OF CON GRESS .—With respect to each CRS Report included on the Website, the Librarian of Congress shall include— (i) the name and identification number of the CRS Report; (ii) an indication as to whether the CRS Report is new, updated, or archived; (iii) the date of release of the CRS Report; and (iv) any other information the Librarian of Congress, in consultation with the CRS Director, considers appropriate. (B) RESPONSIBILITIES OF CRS DIRECTOR .— With respect to each CRS Report included on the Website, the CRS Director shall, prior to transmitting the Report to the Librarian of Congress— (i) at the discretion of the CRS Director, remove the name of and any contact information for any employee of CRS; and (ii) include in the CRS Report the following written statement: ‘‘This document was prepared by the Congressional Research Service (CRS). CRS serves as nonpartisan shared staff to congressional committees and Members of Congress. It operates solely at the behest of and under the direction of Congress. Information in a CRS Report should not be relied upon for purposes other than public understanding of information that has been provided by CRS to Members of Congress in connection with CRS’s institutional role. CRS Reports, as a work of the United States Government, are not subject to copyright protection in the United States. Any CRS Report may be reproduced and distributed in its entirety without permission from CRS. However, as this CRS Report may include copyrighted images or material from a third party, you may need to obtain the permission of the copyright holder if you wish to copy or otherwise use copyrighted material.’’. (2) SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS FOR INDEX ON  
WEBSITE .—The Librarian of Congress shall ensure that the index of all CRS Reports published on the Website is— (A) comprehensive; (B) contemporaneously updated; (C) searchable; (D) sortable; (E) maintained in a humanreadable format; (F) maintained in a structured data format; (G) downloadable; and (H) inclusive of each item of information described in paragraph (1)(A) with respect to each CRS Report. (d) CONFORMING AMENDMENT TO DUTIES OF  CRS.—Section 203(d) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 166(d)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (7); (2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (8) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) to comply with the requirements of, and provide information and technological assistance consistent with, section 124 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2018.’’. (e) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— (1) NO EFFECT ON SPEECH OR DEBATE  
CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section may be construed to diminish, qualify, condition, waive, or otherwise affect the applicability of clause 1 of section 6 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (commonly known as the ‘‘Speech or Debate Clause’’) or any other privilege available to Congress or Members, offices, or employees of Congress with respect to any CRS Report made available online under this section. (2) CONFIDENTIAL COMMUNICATIONS .—Noth ing in this section may be construed to waive the requirement that any confidential communication by CRS to a Member, office, or committee of Congress shall remain under the custody and control of Congress and may be released only by Congress and its Houses, Members, offices, and committees, in accordance with the rules and privileges of each House and the requirements of this section. (3) DISSEMINATION OF CRS PRODUCTS .—Noth ing in this section may be construed to limit or otherwise affect the ability of a Member, office, or committee of Congress to disseminate CRS products on a website of the Member, office, or committee or to otherwise provide CRS products to the public, including as part of constituent service activities. (f) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2)(C), this section and the amendments made by this section shall take effect 90 days after the date on which the Librarian of Congress submits the certification described in paragraph (2)(B). (2) PROVISION OF INFORMATION AND TECH NOLOGY .— (A) CRS 
DEADLINE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the CRS Director shall provide the Librarian of Congress with the information necessary for the Librarian of Congress to begin the initial operation of the Website. (B) CERTIFICATION .—Upon provision of the information described in subparagraph (A), the Librarian of Congress shall submit to Congress a certification that the CRS Director has provided the information necessary for the Librarian of Congress to begin the initial operation of the Website. (C) TECHNICAL DELAYS .—In the event of technical difficulties encountered in planning or implementing the requirements of this section and the amendments made by this section, upon providing a detailed report submitted by the Librarian of Congress or the CRS Director to the Committees on Appropriations of the House and the Senate detailing the nature of the technical difficulties and the timeline for resolving such technical difficulties, the effective date established by subsection (f)(1) shall be extended for up to 90 additional days. GOVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE CONGRESSIONAL PUBLISHING  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For authorized publishing of congressional information and the distribution of congressional information in any format; publishing of Government publications authorized by law to be distributed to Members of Congress; and publishing, and distribution of Government publications authorized by law to be distributed without charge to the recipient, $79,528,000: Provided, That this appropriation shall not be available for paper copies of the permanent edition of the Congressional Record for individual Representatives, Resident Commissioners or Delegates authorized under section 906 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That this appropriation shall be available for the payment of obligations incurred under the appropriations for similar purposes for preceding fiscal years: Provided further, That notwithstanding the 2year limitation under section 718 of title 44, United States Code, none of the funds appropriated or made available under this Act or any other Act for printing and binding and related services provided to Congress under chapter 7 of title 44, United States Code, may be expended to print a document, report, or publication after the 27month period beginning on the date that such document, report, or publication is authorized by Congress to be printed, unless Congress reauthorizes such printing in accordance with section 718 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That any unobligated or unexpended balances in this account or accounts for similar purposes for preceding fiscal years may be transferred to the Government Publishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund for carrying out the purposes of this heading, subject to the approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate: Provided further, That notwithstanding sections 901, 902, and 906 of title 44, United States Code, this appropriation may be used to prepare indexes to the Congressional Record on only a monthly and session basis. PUBLIC INFORMATION PROGRAMS OF THE  SUPERINTENDENT OF DOCUMENTS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses of the public information programs of the Office of Superintendent of Documents necessary to provide for the cataloging and indexing of Government publications and their distribution to the public, Members of Congress, other Government agencies, and designated depository and international exchange libraries as authorized by law, $29,000,000: Provided, That amounts of not more than $2,000,000 from current year appropriations are authorized for producing and disseminating Congressional serial sets and other related publications for fiscal years 2016 and 2017 to depository and other designated libraries: Provided further, That any unobligated or unexpended balances in this account or accounts for similar purposes for preceding fiscal years may be transferred to the Government Publishing Office Business Operations Revolving 
Fund for carrying out the purposes of this heading, subject to the approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate. GOVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE BUSINESS  OPERATIONS REVOLVING FUND For payment to the Government Publishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund, $8,540,000, to remain available until expended, for information technology development and facilities repair: Provided, That the Government Publishing Office is hereby authorized to make such expenditures, within the limits of funds available and in accordance with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the programs and purposes set forth in the budget for the current fiscal year for the Government Publishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund: Provided further, That not more than $7,500 may be expended on the certification of the Director of the Government Publishing Office in connection with official representation and reception expenses: Provided further, That the Business Operations Revolving Fund shall be available for the hire or purchase of not more than 12 passenger motor vehicles: Provided further, That ex penditures in connection with travel expenses of the advisory councils to the Director of the Government Publishing Office shall be deemed necessary to carry out the provisions of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That the Business Operations Revolving Fund shall be available for temporary or intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not more than the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of such title: Provided further, That activities financed through the Business Operations Revolving Fund may provide information in any format: Provided further, That the Business Operations Revolving Fund and the funds provided under the heading ‘‘Public Information Programs of the Superintendent of Documents’’ may not be used for contracted security services at Government Publishing Office’s passport facility in the District of Columbia. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Government Accountability Office, including not more than $12,500 to be expended on the certification of the Comptroller General of the United States in connection with official representation and reception expenses; temporary or intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not more than the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of such title; hire of one passenger motor vehicle; advance payments in foreign countries in accordance with section 3324 of title 31, United States Code; benefits comparable to those payable under sections 901(5), (6), and (8) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4081(5), (6), and (8)); and under regulations prescribed by the Comptroller General of the United States, rental of living quarters in foreign countries, $578,916,653: Provided, That of this amount $10,000,000 is provided for information technology investments and building facility projects to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That, in addition, $23,800,000 of payments received under sections 782, 791, 3521, and 9105 of title 31, United States Code, shall be available without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That this appropriation and appropriations for administrative expenses of any other department or agency which is a member of the National Intergovernmental Audit Forum or a Regional Intergovernmental Audit Forum shall be available to finance an appropriate share of either Forum’s costs as determined by the respective Forum, including necessary travel expenses of nonFederal participants: Provided further, That payments hereunder to the Forum may be credited as reimbursements to any appropriation from which costs involved are initially financed: Provided further, That this appropriation shall be available to transfer amounts to the Department of the Army for the construction of an Army facility at Redstone Arsenal for the sole, unlimited use of GAO: Provided further, That hereafter, amounts appropriated for the salaries and expenses of the Government Accountability Office shall be available to transfer to the Department of the Army for the maintenance of such facility. OPEN WORLD LEADERSHIP CENTER TRUST FUND For a payment to the Open World Leadership Center Trust Fund for financing activities of the Open World Leadership Center under section 313 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2001 (2 U.S.C. 1151), $5,600,000: Provided, That funds made available to support Russian participants shall only be used for those engaging in free market development, humanitarian activities, and civic engagement, and shall not be used for officials of the central government of Russia. JOHN C. STENNIS CENTER FOR PUBLIC SERVICE TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT For payment to the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Development Trust Fund established under section 116 of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development Act (2 U.S.C. 1105), $430,000. TITLE II GENERAL PROVISIONS MAINTENANCE AND CARE OF PRIVATE VEHICLES  SEC. 201. No part of the funds appropriated in this Act shall be used for the maintenance or care of private vehicles, except for emergency assistance and cleaning as may be provided under regulations relating to parking facilities for the House of Representatives issued by the Committee on House Administration and for the Senate issued by the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
FISCAL YEAR LIMITATION  SEC. 202. No part of the funds appropriated in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond fiscal year 2018 unless expressly so provided in this Act. 
RATES OF COMPENSATION AND DESIGNATION  SEC. 203. Whenever in this Act any office or position not specifically established by the Legislative Pay Act of 1929 (46 Stat. 32 et seq.) is appropriated for or the rate of compensation or designation of any office or position appropriated for is different from that specifically established by such Act, the rate of compensation and the designation in this Act shall be the permanent law with respect thereto: Provided, That the provisions in this Act for the various items of official expenses of Members, officers, and committees of the Senate and House of Representatives, and clerk hire for Senators and Members of the House of Representatives shall be the permanent law with respect thereto. 
CONSULTING SERVICES  SEC. 204. The expenditure of any appropriation under this Act for any consulting service through procurement contract, under section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under existing law, or under existing Executive order issued under existing law. COSTS OF LBFMC  SEC. 205. Amounts available for administrative expenses of any legislative branch entity which participates in the Legislative Branch Financial Managers Council (LBFMC) established by charter on March 26, 1996, shall be available to finance an appropriate share of LBFMC costs as determined by the LBFMC, except that the total LBFMC costs to be shared among all participating legislative branch entities (in such allocations among the entities as the entities may determine) may not exceed $2,000. 
LIMITATION ON TRANSFERS  SEC. 206. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriation Act. 
GUIDED TOURS OF THE CAPITOL  SEC. 207. (a) Except as provided in subsection (b), none of the funds made available to the Architect of the Capitol in this Act may be used to eliminate or restrict guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by employees and interns of offices of Members of Congress and other offices of the House of Representatives and Senate, unless through regulations as authorized by section 402(b)(8) of the Capitol Visitor Center Act of 2008 (2 U.S.C. 2242(b)(8)). (b) At the direction of the Capitol Police Board, or at the direction of the Architect of the Capitol with the approval of the Capitol Police Board, guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by employees and interns described in subsection (a) may be suspended temporarily or otherwise subject to restriction for security or related reasons to the same extent as guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by the Architect of the Capitol. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION J—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facilities, and real property for the Army as currently authorized by law, including personnel in the Army Corps of Engineers and other personal services necessary for the purposes of this appropriation, and for construction and operation of facilities in support of the functions of the Commander in Chief, $923,994,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $101,470,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, architect and engineer services, and host nation support, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Army determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  CORPS  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, naval installations, facilities, 
and real property for the Navy and Marine Corps as currently authorized by law, including personnel in the Naval Facilities Engineering Command and other personal services necessary for the purposes of this appropriation, $1,553,275,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $219,069,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facilities, and real property for the Air Force as currently authorized by law, $1,543,558,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $97,852,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Air Force determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, installations, facilities, and real property for activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as currently authorized by law, $2,811,513,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That such amounts of this appropriation as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to such appropriations of the Department of Defense available for military construction or family housing as the Secretary may designate, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred: Provided further, That, of the amount, not to exceed $210,717,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of Defense determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Provided further, That the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees on the construction timeline and obligations for the Poland Aegis Ashore complex. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYNATIONAL  GUARD  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army National Guard, and contributions therefor, as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $220,652,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $16,271,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Director of the Army National Guard determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRNATIONAL  GUARD  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air National Guard, and contributions therefor, as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $171,491,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Pro vided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $18,000,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Director of the Air National Guard determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYRESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army Reserve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $83,712,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $6,887,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Army Reserve determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVYRESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the reserve components of the Navy and Marine Corps as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $95,271,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $24,430,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE RESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air Force Reserve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $73,535,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $4,725,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Air Force Reserve determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Provided further, That, the Chief of the Air Force Reserve shall take immediate action to address unfunded military construction requirements for access control points and security issues at Air Force Reserve facilities. NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION  SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM  For the United States share of the cost of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program for the acquisition and construction of military facilities and installations (including international military headquarters) and for related expenses for the collective defense of the North Atlantic Treaty Area as authorized by section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $177,932,000, to remain available until expended. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASECLOSURE  ACCOUNT  For deposit into the Department of Defense Base Closure Account, established by section 2906(a) of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (10 U.S.C. 2687 note), $310,000,000, to remain available until expended. FAMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For expenses of family housing for the Army for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $182,662,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That none of the funds provided under this heading for family housing construction may be expended for family housing improvements on Kwajalein Atoll until the Secretary of the Army certifies to the congressional defense committees that the new housing units represent the best value to the taxpayer and that no reasonable alternatives exist at a lower cost. FAMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  MAINTENANCE , ARMY For expenses of family housing for the Army for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $348,907,000. FAMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND  MARINE CORPS  For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $83,682,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022. FAMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  MAINTENANCE , NAVY AND MARINE CORPS  For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $328,282,000. FAMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE  For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $85,062,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022. FAMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $318,324,000. FAMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE WIDE For expenses of family housing for the activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) for operation and maintenance, leasing, and minor construction, as authorized by law, $59,169,000. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  FAMILY HOUSING IMPROVEMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Family Housing Improvement Fund, $2,726,000, to remain available until expended, for family 
housing initiatives undertaken pursuant to section 2883 of title 10, United States Code, providing alternative means of acquiring and improving military family housing and supporting facilities. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  MILITARY UNACCOMPANIED HOUSING  IMPROVEMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Military Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund, $623,000, to remain available until expended, for unaccompanied housing initiatives undertaken pursuant to section 2883 of title 10, United States Code, providing alternative means of acquiring and improving military unaccompanied housing and supporting facilities. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  SEC. 101. None of the funds made available in this title shall be expended for payments under a costplusafixedfee contract for construction, where cost estimates exceed $25,000, to be performed within the United States, except Alaska, without the specific approval in writing of the Secretary of Defense setting forth the reasons therefor. SEC. 102. Funds made available in this title for construction shall be available for hire of passenger motor vehicles. SEC. 103. Funds made available in this title for construction may be used for advances to the Federal Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, for the construction of access roads as authorized by section 210 of title 23, United States Code, when projects authorized therein are certified as important to the national defense by the Secretary of Defense. SEC. 104. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to begin construction of new bases in the United States for which specific appropriations have not been made. SEC. 105. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used for purchase of land or land easements in excess of 100 percent of the value as determined by the Army Corps of Engineers or the Naval Facilities Engineering Command, except: (1) where there is a determination of value by a Federal court; (2) purchases negotiated by the Attorney General or the designee of the Attorney General; (3) where the estimated value is less than $25,000; or (4) as otherwise determined by the Secretary of Defense to be in the public interest. SEC. 106. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used to: (1) acquire land; (2) provide for site preparation; or (3) install utilities for any family housing, except housing for which funds have been made available in annual Acts making appropriations for military construction. SEC. 107. None of the funds made available in this title for minor construction may be used to transfer or relocate any activity from one base or installation to another, without prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. SEC. 108. None of the funds made available in this title may be used for the procurement of steel for any construction project or activity for which American steel producers, fabricators, and manufacturers have been denied the opportunity to compete for such steel procurement. SEC. 109. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for military construction or family housing during the current fiscal year may be used to pay real property taxes in any foreign nation. SEC. 110. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to initiate a new installation overseas without prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. SEC. 111. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated for architect and engineer contracts estimated by the Government to exceed $500,000 for projects to be accomplished in Japan, in any North Atlantic Treaty Organization member country, or in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf, unless such contracts are awarded to United States firms or United States firms in joint venture with host nation firms. SEC. 112. None of the funds made available in this title for military construction in the United States territories and possessions in the Pacific and on Kwajalein Atoll, or in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf, may be used to award any contract estimated by the Government to exceed $1,000,000 to a foreign contractor: Provided, That this section shall not be applicable to contract awards for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid of a United States contractor exceeds the lowest responsive and responsible bid of a foreign contractor by greater than 20 percent: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to contract awards for military construction on Kwajalein Atoll for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid is submitted by a Marshallese contractor. SEC. 113. The Secretary of Defense shall inform the appropriate committees of both Houses of Congress, including the Committees on Appropriations, of plans and scope of any proposed military exercise involving United States personnel 30 days prior to its occurring, if amounts expended for construction, either temporary or permanent, are anticipated to exceed $100,000. SEC. 114. Funds appropriated to the Department of Defense for construction in prior years shall be available for construction authorized for each such military department by the authorizations enacted into law during the current session of Congress. SEC. 115. For military construction or family housing projects that are being completed with funds otherwise expired or lapsed for obligation, expired or lapsed funds may be used to pay the cost of associated supervision, inspection, overhead, engineering and design on those projects and on subsequent claims, if any. SEC. 116. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any funds made available to a military department or defense agency for the construction of military projects may be obligated for a military construction project or contract, or for any portion of such a project or contract, at any time before the end of the fourth fiscal year after the fiscal year for which funds for such project were made available, if the funds obligated for such project: (1) are obligated from funds available for military construction projects; and (2) do not exceed the amount appropriated for such project, plus any amount by which the cost of such project is increased pursuant to law. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 117. Subject to 30 days prior notification, or 14 days for a notification provided in an electronic medium pursuant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, such additional amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to: (1) the Department of Defense Family Housing Improvement Fund from amounts appropriated for construction in ‘‘Family Housing’’ accounts, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated directly to the Fund; or (2) the Department of Defense Military Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund from amounts appropriated for construction of military unaccompanied housing in ‘‘Military Construction’’ accounts, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated directly to the Fund: Provided, That appropriations made available to the Funds shall be available to cover the costs, as defined in section 502(5) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of direct loans or loan guarantees issued by the Department of Defense pursuant to the provisions of subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, pertaining to alternative means of acquiring and improving military family housing, military unaccompanied housing, and supporting facilities. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 118. In addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense, amounts may be transferred from the Department of Defense Base Closure Account to the fund established by section 1013(d) of the Demonstration Cities and Metropolitan Development Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 3374) to pay for expenses associated with the Homeowners Assistance Program incurred under 42 U.S.C. 3374(a)(1)(A). Any amounts transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the fund to which transferred. SEC. 119. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds made available in this title for operation and maintenance of family housing shall be the exclusive source of funds for repair and maintenance of all family housing units, including general or flag officer quarters: Provided, That not more than $35,000 per unit may be spent annually for the maintenance and repair of any general or flag officer quarters without 30 days prior notification, or 14 days for a notification provided in an electronic medium pursuant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, except that an afterthefact notification shall be submitted if the limitation is exceeded solely due to costs associated with environmental remediation that could not be reasonably anticipated at the time of the budget submission: Provided further, That the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) is to report annually to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress all operation and maintenance expenditures for each individual general or flag officer quarters for the prior fiscal year. SEC. 120. Amounts contained in the Ford Island Improvement Account established by subsection (h) of section 2814 of title 10, United States Code, are appropriated and shall be available until expended for the purposes specified in subsection (i)(1) of such section or until transferred pursuant to subsection (i)(3) of such section. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 121. During the 5year period after appropriations available in this Act to the Department of Defense for military construction and family housing operation and maintenance and construction have expired for obligation, upon a determination that such appropriations will not be necessary for the liquidation of obligations or for making authorized adjustments to such appropriations for obligations incurred during the period of availability of such appropriations, unobligated balances of such appropriations may be transferred into the appropriation ‘‘Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Construction, Defense’’, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period and for the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred. SEC. 122. (a) Except as provided in subsection (b), none of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Secretary of 
the Army to relocate a unit in the Army that— (1) performs a testing mission or function that is not performed by any other unit in the Army and is specifically stipulated in title 10, United States Code; and (2) is located at a military installation at which the total number of civilian employees of the Department of the Army and Army contractor personnel employed exceeds 10 percent of the total number of members of the regular and reserve components of the Army assigned to the installation. (b) EXCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of the Army certifies to the congressional defense committees that in proposing the relocation of the unit of the Army, the Secretary complied with Army Regulation 5–10 relating to the policy, procedures, and responsibilities for Army stationing actions. SEC. 123. Amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in an account funded under the headings in this title may be transferred among projects and activities within the account in accordance with the reprogramming guidelines for military construction and family housing construction contained in Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation 7000.14–R, Volume 3, Chapter 7, of March 2011, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 124. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated or expended for planning and design and construction of projects at Arlington National Cemetery. SEC. 125. For an additional amount for the accounts and in the amounts specified, to remain available until September 30, 2022: ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $93,800,000, of which $25,000,000 is for planning and design; ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $202,130,000, of which $25,000,000 is for planning and design; ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, $138,100,000, of which $25,000,000 is for planning and design; ‘‘Military Construction, Army National Guard’’, $113,500,000, of which $20,000,000 is for planning and design; ‘‘Military Construction, Air National Guard’’, $52,000,000, of which $20,000,000 is for planning and design; ‘‘Military Construction, Army Reserve’’, $76,000,000, of which $20,000,000 is for planning and design; and ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force Reserve’’, $64,100,000, of which $20,000,000 is for planning and design: Provided, That such funds may only be obligated to carry out construction projects identified in the respective military department’s unfunded priority list for fiscal year 2018 submitted to Congress: Provided further, That such projects are subject to authorization prior to obligation and expenditure of funds to carry out construction: Provided further, That not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the military department concerned, or his or her designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. 
(RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  SEC. 126. Of the unobligated balances available to the Department of Defense from prior appropriation Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts in the amounts specified: ‘‘NATO Security Investment Program’’, $25,000,000; and ‘‘Family Housing Construction, Army’’, $18,000,000: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended. SEC. 127. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. SEC. 128. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the closure or realignment of the United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. SEC. 129. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used to consolidate or relocate any element of a United States Air Force Rapid Engineer Deployable Heavy Operational Repair Squadron Engineer (RED HORSE) outside of the United States until the Secretary of the Air Force (1) completes an analysis and comparison of the cost and infrastructure investment required to consolidate or relocate a RED HORSE squadron outside of the United States versus within the United States; (2) provides to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress (‘‘the Committees’’) a report detailing the findings of the cost analysis; and (3) certifies in writing to the Committees that the preferred site for the consolidation or relocation yields the greatest savings for the Air Force: Provided, That the term ‘‘United States’’ in this section does not include any territory or possession of the United States. SEC. 130. All amounts appropriated to ‘‘Department of Defense—Military Construction, DefenseWide’’ pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2403 of Public Law 115–91, as specified for fiscal year 2018 in the funding table in section 4601 of that Act, shall be immediately available and allotted to contract for the full scope of authorized projects. SEC. 131. For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, for the Defense Access Road Program, $20,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That amounts made available under this section may not be obligated or expended until the Secretary of the Army submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and House of Representatives a detailed expenditure plan 30 days after enactment of this Act. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS VETERANS BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the payment of compensation benefits to or on behalf of veterans and a pilot program for disability examinations as authorized by section 107 and chapters 11, 13, 18, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; pension benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chapters 15, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; and burial benefits, the Reinstated Entitlement Program for Survivors, emergency and other officers’ retirement pay, adjustedservice credits and certificates, payment of premiums due on commercial life insurance policies guaranteed under the provisions of title IV of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 541 et seq.) and for other benefits as authorized by sections 107, 1312, 1977, and 2106, and chapters 23, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $95,768,462,000, to remain available until expended and to become available on October 1, 2018: Provided, That not to exceed $17,882,000 of the amount made available for fiscal year 2019 under this heading shall be reimbursed to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’, and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ for necessary expenses in implementing the provisions of chapters 51, 53, and 55 of title 38, United States Code, the funding source for which is specifically provided as the ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’ appropriation: Provided further, That such sums as may be earned on an actual qualifying patient basis, shall be reimbursed to ‘‘Medical Care Collections Fund’’ to augment the funding of individual medical facilities for nursing home care provided to pensioners as authorized. READJUSTMENT BENEFITS  For the payment of readjustment and rehabilitation benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chapters 21, 30, 31, 33, 34, 35, 36, 39, 41, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $11,832,175,000, to remain available until expended and to become available on October 1, 2018: Provided, That expenses for rehabilitation program services and assistance which the Secretary is authorized to provide under subsection (a) of section 3104 of title 38, United States Code, other than under paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of that subsection, shall be charged to this account. 
VETERANS INSURANCE AND INDEMNITIES  For military and naval insurance, national service life insurance, servicemen’s indemnities, servicedisabled veterans insurance, and veterans mortgage life insurance as authorized by chapters 19 and 21, title 38, United States Code, $121,529,000, to remain available until expended, of which $109,090,000 shall become available on October 1, 2018. 
VETERANS HOUSING BENEFIT PROGRAM FUND  For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, such sums as may be necessary to carry out the program, as authorized by subchapters I through III of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That, during fiscal year 2018, within the resources available, not to exceed $500,000 in gross obligations for direct loans are authorized for specially adapted housing loans. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $178,626,000. 
ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct loans, $30,000, as authorized by chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $2,356,000. In addition, for administrative expenses necessary to carry out the direct loan program, $395,000, which may be paid to the appropriation for ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. 
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program authorized by subchapter V of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code, $1,163,000. 
BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  For necessary operating expenses of the Veterans Benefits Administration, not otherwise provided for, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, reimbursement of the General Services Administration for security guard services, and reimbursement of the Department of Defense for the cost of overseas employee mail, $2,910,000,000: Provided, That expenses for services and assistance authorized under paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of section 3104(a) of title 38, United States Code, that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines are necessary to enable entitled veterans: (1) to the maximum extent feasible, to become employable and to obtain and maintain suitable employment; or (2) to achieve maximum independence in daily living, shall be charged to this account: Pro vided further, That, of the funds made available under this heading, not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2019. VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION  
MEDICAL SERVICES  For necessary expenses for furnishing, as authorized by law, inpatient and outpatient care and treatment to beneficiaries of the Department of Veterans Affairs and veterans described in section 1705(a) of title 38, United States Code, including care and treatment in facilities not under the jurisdiction of the Department, and including medical supplies and equipment, bioengineering services, food services, and salaries and expenses of healthcare employees hired under title 38, United States Code, aid to State homes as authorized by section 1741 of title 38, United States Code, assistance and support services for caregivers as authorized by section 1720G of title 38, United States Code, loan repayments authorized by section 604 of the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 124 Stat. 1174; 38 U.S.C. 7681 note), monthly assistance allowances authorized by section 322(d) of title 38, United States Code, grants authorized by section 521A of title 38, United States Code, and administrative expenses necessary to carry out sections 322(d) and 521A of title 38, United States Code, and hospital care and medical services authorized by section 1787 of title 38, United States Code; $1,962,984,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2017; and, in addition, $49,161,165,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2018, and shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2018, under this heading, $1,400,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Pro vided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a priority for the provision of medical treatment for veterans who have serviceconnected disabilities, lower income, or have special needs: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall give priority funding for the provision of basic medical benefits to veterans in enrollment priority groups 1 through 6: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may authorize the dispensing of prescription drugs from Veterans Health Administration facilities to enrolled veterans with privately written prescriptions based on requirements established by the Secretary: Provided further, That the implementation of the program described in the previous proviso shall incur no additional cost to the Department of Veterans Affairs: Provided further, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that sufficient amounts appropriated under this heading for medical supplies and equipment are available for the acquisition of prosthetics designed specifically for female veterans. MEDICAL COMMUNITY CARE  For necessary expenses for furnishing health care to individuals pursuant to chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, at non Department facilities, $419,176,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2017; and, in addition, $8,384,704,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2018, and shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2018, under this heading, $2,000,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022. 
MEDICAL SUPPORT AND COMPLIANCE  For necessary expenses in the administration of the medical, hospital, nursing home, domiciliary, construction, supply, and research activities, as authorized by law; administrative expenses in support of capital policy activities; and administrative and legal expenses of the Department for collecting and recovering amounts owed the Department as authorized under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, and the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651 et seq.), $100,000,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2017; and, in addition, $7,239,156,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2018, and shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2018, under this heading, $100,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
MEDICAL FACILITIES  For necessary expenses for the maintenance and operation of hospitals, nursing homes, domiciliary facilities, and other necessary facilities of the Veterans Health Administration; for administrative expenses in support of planning, design, project management, real property acquisition and disposition, construction, and renovation of any facility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department; for oversight, engineering, and architectural activities not charged to project costs; for repairing, altering, improving, or providing facilities in the several hospitals and homes under the jurisdiction of the Department, not otherwise provided for, either by contract or by the hire of temporary employees and purchase of materials; for leases of facilities; and for laundry services; $707,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that became available on October 1, 2017; and, in addition, $5,914,288,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2018, and shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2018, under this heading, $250,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
MEDICAL AND PROSTHETIC RESEARCH  For necessary expenses in carrying out programs of medical and prosthetic research and development as authorized by chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, $722,262,000, plus reimbursements, shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that sufficient amounts appropriated under this heading are available for prosthetic research specifically for female veterans, and for toxic exposure research. NATIONAL CEMETERY ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses of the National Cemetery Administration for operations and maintenance, not otherwise provided for, including uniforms or allowances therefor; cemeterial expenses as authorized by law; purchase of one passenger motor vehicle for use in cemeterial operations; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and repair, alteration or improvement of facilities under the jurisdiction of the National Cemetery Administration, $306,193,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2019. DEPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary operating expenses of the Department of Veterans Affairs, not otherwise provided for, including administrative expenses in support of Departmentwide capital planning, management and policy activities, uniforms, or allowances therefor; not to exceed $25,000 for official reception and representation expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and reimbursement of the General Services Administration for security guard services, $335,891,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That funds provided under this heading may be transferred to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. 
BOARD OF VETERANS APPEALS  For necessary operating expenses of the Board of Veterans Appeals, $161,048,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2019. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for information technology systems and telecommunications support, including developmental information systems and operational information systems; for pay and associated costs; and for the capital asset acquisition of information technology systems, including management and related contractual costs of said acquisitions, including contractual costs associated with operations authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $4,055,500,000, plus reimbursements: Provided, That $1,230,320,000 shall be for pay and associated costs, of which not to exceed 5 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That $2,496,650,000 shall be for operations and maintenance, of which not to exceed 5 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That $328,530,000 shall be for information technology systems development, and shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided further, That amounts made available for information technology systems development may not be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Veterans Affairs or the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Veterans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a certification of the amounts, in parts or in full, to be obligated and expended for each development project: Provided further, That amounts made available for salaries and expenses, operations and maintenance, and information technology systems development may be transferred among the three subaccounts after the Secretary of Veterans Affairs requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Pro vided further, That amounts made available for the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account for development may be transferred among projects or to newly defined projects: Provided further, That no project may be increased or decreased by more than $1,000,000 of cost prior to submitting a request to the 
Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress to make the transfer and an approval is issued, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed: Provided further, That the funds made available under this heading for information technology systems development shall be for the projects, and in the amounts, specified under this heading in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). 
VETERANS ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD  For activities related to implementation, preparation, development, interface, management, rollout, and maintenance of a Veterans Electronic Health Record system, including contractual costs associated with operations authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and salaries and expenses of employees hired under titles 5 and 38, United States Code, $782,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress quarterly reports detailing obligations, expenditures, and deployment implementation by facility: Pro vided further, That the funds provided in this account shall only be available to the Office of the Deputy Secretary, to be administered by that Office. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General, to include information technology, in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $164,000,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2019. 
CONSTRUCTION , MAJOR PROJECTS  For constructing, altering, extending, and improving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, including planning, architectural and engineering services, construction management services, maintenance or guarantee period services costs associated with equipment guarantees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construction costs, and site acquisition, where the estimated cost of a project is more than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, or where funds for a project were made available in a previous major project appropriation, $512,430,000, of which $432,430,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2022, and of which $80,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That except for advance planning activities, including needs assessments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and other capital asset management related activities, including portfolio development and management activities, and investment strategy studies funded through the advance planning fund and the planning and design activities funded through the design fund, including needs assessments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and salaries and associated costs of the resident engineers who oversee those capital investments funded through this account and contracting officers who manage specific major construction projects, and funds provided for the purchase, security, and maintenance of land for the National Cemetery Administration through the land acquisition line item, none of the funds made available under this heading shall be used for any project that has not been notified to Congress through the budgetary process or that has not been approved by the Congress through statute, joint resolution, or in the explanatory statement accompanying such Act and presented to the President at the time of enrollment: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading for fiscal year 2018, for each approved project shall be obligated: (1) by the awarding of a construction documents contract by September 30, 2018; and (2) by the awarding of a construction contract by September 30, 2019: Provided further, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall promptly submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a written report on any approved major construction project for which obligations are not incurred within the time limitations established above: Pro vided further, That, of the amount made available under this heading, $117,300,000 for Veterans Health Administration major construction projects shall not be available until the Department of Veterans Affairs— (1) enters into an agreement with an appropriate nonDepartment of Veterans Affairs Federal entity to serve as the design and/or construction agent for any Veterans Health Administration major construction project with a Total Estimated Cost of $100,000,000 or above by providing full project management services, including management of the project design, acquisition, construction, and contract changes, consistent with section 502 of Public Law 114–58; and (2) certifies in writing that such an agreement is executed and intended to minimize or prevent subsequent major construction project cost overruns and provides a copy of the agreement entered into and any required supplementary information to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
CONSTRUCTION , MINOR PROJECTS  For constructing, altering, extending, and improving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, including planning and assessments of needs which may lead to capital investments, architectural and engineering services, maintenance or guarantee period services costs associated with equipment guarantees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construction costs, and site acquisition, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, where the estimated cost of a project is equal to or less than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, $342,570,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, along with unobligated balances of previous ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ appropriations which are hereby made available for any project where the estimated cost is equal to or less than the amount set forth in such section: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall be for: (1) repairs to any of the nonmedical facilities under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department which are necessary because of loss or damage caused by any natural disaster or catastrophe; and (2) temporary measures necessary to prevent or to minimize further loss by such causes. 
STATE EXTENDED CARE FACILITIES  For grants to assist States to acquire or construct State nursing home and domiciliary facilities and to remodel, modify, or alter existing hospital, nursing home, and domiciliary facilities in State homes, for furnishing care to veterans as authorized by sections 8131 through 8137 of title 38, United States Code, $110,000,000, to remain available until expended. GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF VETERANS  
CEMETERIES  For grants to assist States and tribal organizations in establishing, expanding, or improving veterans cemeteries as authorized by section 2408 of title 38, United States Code, $45,000,000, to remain available until expended. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 201. Any appropriation for fiscal year 2018 for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Readjustment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insurance and Indemnities’’ may be transferred as necessary to any other of the mentioned appropriations: Provided, That, before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and such Committees issue an approval, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 202. Amounts made available for the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2018, in this or any other Act, under the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ accounts may be transferred among the accounts: Provided, That any transfers among the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts of 1 percent or less of the total amount appropriated to the account in this or any other Act may take place subject to notification from the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the amount and purpose of the transfer: Provided further, That any transfers among the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts in excess of 1 percent, or exceeding the cumulative 1 percent for the fiscal year, may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Pro vided further, That any transfers to or from the ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ account may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. SEC. 203. Appropriations available in this title for salaries and expenses shall be available for services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles; lease of a facility or land or both; and uniforms or allowances therefore, as authorized by sections 5901 through 5902 of title 5, United States Code. SEC. 204. No appropriations in this title (except the appropriations for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’, and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’) shall be available for the purchase of any site for or toward the construction of any new hospital or home. SEC. 205. No appropriations in this title shall be available for hospitalization or examination of any persons (except beneficiaries entitled to such hospitalization or examination under the laws providing such benefits to veterans, and persons receiving such treatment under sections 7901 through 7904 of title 5, United States Code, or the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.)), unless reimbursement of the cost of such hospitalization or examination is made to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account at such rates as may be fixed by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
SEC. 206. Appropriations available in this title for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Readjustment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insurance and Indemnities’’ shall be available for payment of prior year accrued obligations required to be recorded by law against the corresponding prior year accounts within the last quarter of fiscal year 2017. SEC. 207. Appropriations available in this title shall be available to pay prior year obligations of corresponding prior year appropriations accounts resulting from sections 3328(a), 3334, and 3712(a) of title 31, United States Code, except that if such obligations are from trust fund accounts they shall be payable only from ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 208. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, during fiscal year 2018, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall, from the National Service Life Insurance Fund under section 1920 of title 38, United States Code, the Veterans’ Special Life Insurance Fund under section 1923 of title 38, United States Code, and the United States Government Life Insurance Fund under section 1955 of title 38, United States Code, reimburse the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ accounts for the cost of administration of the insurance programs financed through those accounts: Provided, That reimbursement shall be made only from the surplus earnings accumulated in such an insurance program during fiscal year 2018 that are available for dividends in that program after claims have been paid and actuarially determined reserves have been set aside: Provided further, That if the cost of administration of such an insurance program exceeds the amount of surplus earnings accumulated in that program, reimbursement shall be made only to the extent of such surplus earnings: Provided further, That the Secretary shall determine the cost of administration for fiscal year 2018 which is properly allocable to the provision of each such insurance program and to the provision of any total disability income insurance included in that insurance program. SEC. 209. Amounts deducted from enhanceduse lease proceeds to reimburse an account for expenses incurred by that account during a prior fiscal year for providing enhanceduse lease services, may be obligated during the fiscal year in which the proceeds are received. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 210. Funds available in this title or funds for salaries and other administrative expenses shall also be available to reimburse the Office of Resolution Management, the Office of Employment Discrimination Complaint Adjudication, the Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection, and the Office of Diversity and Inclusion for all services provided at rates which will recover actual costs but not to exceed $47,668,000 for the Office of Resolution Management, $3,932,000 for the Office of Employment Discrimination Complaint Adjudication, $17,620,000 for the Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection, and $2,973,000 for the Office of Diversity and Inclusion: Pro vided, That payments may be made in advance for services to be furnished based on estimated costs: Provided further, That amounts received shall be credited to the ‘‘General Administration’’ and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ accounts for use by the office that provided the service. SEC. 211. No funds of the Department of Veterans Affairs shall be available for hospital care, nursing home care, or medical services provided to any person under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, for a nonserviceconnected disability described in section 1729(a)(2) of such title, unless that person has disclosed to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in such form as the Secretary may require, current, accurate thirdparty reimbursement information for purposes of section 1729 of such title: Provided, That the Secretary may recover, in the same manner as any other debt due the United States, the reasonable charges for such care or services from any person who does not make such disclosure as required: Provided further, That any amounts so recovered for care or services provided in a prior fiscal year may be obligated by the Secretary during the fiscal year in which amounts are received. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 212. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, proceeds or revenues derived from enhanceduse leasing activities (including disposal) may be deposited into the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ accounts and be used for construction (including site acquisition and disposition), alterations, and improvements of any medical facility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Such sums as realized are in addition to the amount provided for in ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’. SEC. 213. Amounts made available under ‘‘Medical Services’’ are available— (1) for furnishing recreational facilities, supplies, and equipment; and (2) for funeral expenses, burial expenses, and other expenses incidental to funerals and burials for beneficiaries receiving care in the Department. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 214. Such sums as may be deposited to the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ and ‘‘Medical Community Care’’ accounts to remain available until expended for the purposes of these accounts. SEC. 215. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may enter into agreements with Federally Qualified Health Centers in the State of Alaska and Indian tribes and tribal organizations which are party to the Alaska Native Health Compact with the Indian Health Service, to provide healthcare, including behavioral health and dental care, to veterans in rural Alaska. The Secretary shall require participating veterans and facilities to comply with all appropriate rules and regulations, as established by the Secretary. The term ‘‘rural Alaska’’ shall mean those lands which are not within the boundaries of the municipality of Anchorage or the Fairbanks North Star Borough. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 216. Such sums as may be deposited to the Department of Veterans Affairs Capital Asset Fund pursuant to section 8118 of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ accounts, to remain available until expended for the purposes of these accounts. SEC. 217. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a report on the financial status of the Department of Veterans Affairs for the preceding quarter: Provided, That, at a minimum, the report shall include the direction contained in the paragraph entitled ‘‘Quarterly reporting’’, under the heading ‘‘General Administration’’ in the joint explanatory statement accompanying Public Law 114–223. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 218. Amounts made available under the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’, ‘‘Board of Veterans Appeals’’, ‘‘General Administration’’, and ‘‘National Cemetery Administration’’ accounts for fiscal year 2018 may be transferred to or from the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account: Provided, That such transfers may not result in a more than 10 percent aggregate increase in the total amount made available by this Act for the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account: Provided further, That, be fore a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 219. Of the amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2018 for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’, and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’, up to $297,137,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of Defense—Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That additional funds may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of Defense—Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That section 222 of title II of division A of Public Law 114–223 is repealed. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 220. Of the amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs which become available on October 1, 2018, for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, up to $306,378,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of Defense—Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That additional funds may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of Defense—Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 221. Such sums as may be deposited to the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, for healthcare provided at facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500) shall also be available: (1) for transfer to the Joint Department of 
Defense—Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571); and (2) for operations of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That, notwithstanding section 1704(b)(3) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2573), amounts transferred to the Joint Department of Defense— Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund shall remain available until expended. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 222. Of the amounts available in this title for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, a minimum of $15,000,000 shall be transferred to the DOD–VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund, as authorized by section 8111(d) of title 38, United States Code, to remain available until expended, for any purpose authorized by section 8111 of title 38, United States Code. SEC. 223. None of the funds available to the Department of Veterans Affairs, in this or any other Act, may be used to replace the current system by which the Veterans Integrated Service Networks select and contract for diabetes monitoring supplies and equipment. SEC. 224. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of all bid savings in a major construction project that total at least $5,000,000, or 5 percent of the programmed amount of the project, whichever is less: Provided, That such notification shall occur within 14 days of a contract identifying the programmed amount: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress 14 days prior to the obligation of such bid savings and shall describe the anticipated use of such savings. SEC. 225. None of the funds made available for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ may be used for a project in excess of the scope specified for that project in the original justification data provided to the Congress as part of the request for appropriations unless the Secretary of Veterans Affairs receives approval from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. SEC. 226. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a quarterly report containing performance measures and data from each Veterans Benefits Administration Regional Office: Provided, That, at a minimum, the report shall include the direction contained in the section entitled ‘‘Disability claims backlog’’, under the heading ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ in the joint explanatory statement accompanying Public Law 114–223: Provided further, That the report shall also include information on the number of appeals pending at the Veterans Benefits Administration as well as the Board of Veterans Appeals on a quarterly basis. SEC. 227. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide written notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress 15 days prior to organizational changes which result in the transfer of 25 or more fulltime equivalents from one organizational unit of the Department of Veterans Affairs to another. SEC. 228. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress notification of any single national outreach and awareness marketing campaign in which obligations exceed $2,000,000. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 229. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs, upon determination that such action is necessary to address needs of the Veterans Health Administration, may transfer to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account any discretionary appropriations made available for fiscal year 2018 in this title (except appropriations made to the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ account) or any discretionary unobligated balances within the Department of Veterans Affairs, including those appropriated for fiscal year 2018, that were provided in advance by appropriations Acts: Pro vided, That transfers shall be made only with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law: Provided further, That no amounts may be transferred from amounts that were designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on emergent healthcare requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by Congress: Provided further, That, upon determination that all or part of the funds transferred from an appropriation are not necessary, such amounts may be transferred back to that appropriation and shall be available for the same purposes as originally appropriated: Provided further, That before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and receive approval of that request. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 230. Amounts made available for the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2018, under the ‘‘Board of Veterans Appeals’’ and the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ accounts may be transferred between such accounts: Provided, That before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and receive approval of that request. SEC. 231. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may not reprogram funds among major construction projects or programs if such instance of reprogramming will exceed $7,000,000, unless such reprogramming is approved by the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. SEC. 232. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that the tollfree suicide hotline under section 1720F(h) of title 38, United States Code— (1) provides to individuals who contact the hotline immediate assistance from a trained professional; and (2) adheres to all requirements of the American Association of Suicidology. (b)(1) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce or otherwise carry out any Executive action that prohibits the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from appointing an individual to occupy a vacant civil service position, or establishing a new civil service position, at the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to such a position relating to the hotline specified in subsection (a). (2) In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘civil service’’ has the meaning given such term in section 2101(1) of title 5, United States Code; and (B) the term ‘‘Executive action’’ includes— (i) any Executive order, presidential memorandum, or other action by the President; and (ii) any agency policy, order, or other directive. SEC. 233. None of the funds in this or any other Act may be used to close Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) hospitals, domiciliaries, or clinics, conduct an environmental assessment, or to diminish healthcare services at existing Veterans Health Administration medical facilities located in Veterans Integrated Service Network 23 as part of a planned realignment of VA services until the Secretary provides to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a report including the following elements: (1) a national realignment strategy that includes a detailed description of realignment plans within each Veterans Integrated Services Network (VISN), including an updated Long Range Capital Plan to implement realignment requirements; (2) an explanation of the process by which those plans were developed and coordinated within each VISN; (3) a cost versus benefit analysis of each planned realignment, including the cost of replacing Veterans Health Administration services with contract care or other outsourced services; (4) an analysis of how any such planned realignment of services will impact access to care for veterans living in rural or highly rural areas, including travel distances and transportation costs to access a VA medical facility and availability of local specialty and primary care; (5) an inventory of VA buildings with historic designation and the methodology used to determine the buildings’ condition and utilization; (6) a description of how any realignment will be consistent with requirements under the National Historic Preservation Act; and (7) consideration given for reuse of historic buildings within newly identified realignment requirements: Provided, That, this provision shall not apply to capital projects in VISN 23, or any other VISN, which have been authorized or approved by Congress. SEC. 234. Section 8109(b) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) notwithstanding subsection (a) of section 1344 of title 31, may use a passenger carrier (as such term is defined in subsection (h)(1) of such section) to transport such an employee between a parking facility and the medical facility of the Department at which the employee works.’’. SEC. 235. None of the funds made available to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs by this or any other Act may be obligated or expended in contravention of the ‘‘Veterans Health Administration Clinical Preventive Services Guidance Statement on the Veterans Health Administration’s Screening for Breast Cancer Guidance’’ published on May 10, 2017, as issued by the Veterans Health Administration National Center for Health Promotion and Disease Prevention. SEC. 236. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the amounts appropriated 
or otherwise made available to the Department of Veterans Affairs for the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account may be used to provide— (1) fertility counseling and treatment using assisted reproductive technology to a covered veteran or the spouse of a covered veteran; or (2) adoption reimbursement to a covered veteran. (b) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘serviceconnected’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘covered veteran’’ means a veteran, as such term is defined in section 101 of title 38, United States Code, who has a serviceconnected disability that results in the inability of the veteran to procreate without the use of fertility treatment. (3) The term ‘‘assisted reproductive technology’’ means benefits relating to reproductive assistance provided to a member of the Armed Forces who incurs a serious injury or illness on active duty pursuant to section 1074(c)(4)(A) of title 10, United States Code, as described in the memorandum on the subject of ‘‘Policy for Assisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Severely Ill/Injured (Category II or III) Active Duty Service Members’’ issued by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs on April 3, 2012, and the guidance issued to implement such policy, including any limitations on the amount of such benefits available to such a member except that— (A) the time periods regarding embryo cryopreservation and storage set forth in part III(G) and in part IV(H) of such memorandum shall not apply; and (B) such term includes embryo cryopreservation and storage without limitation on the duration of such cryopreservation and storage. (4) The term ‘‘adoption reimbursement’’ means reimbursement for the adoptionrelated expenses for an adoption that is finalized after the date of the enactment of this Act under the same terms as apply under the adoption reimbursement program of the Department of Defense, as authorized in Department of Defense Instruction 1341.09, including the reimbursement limits and requirements set forth in such instruction. (c) Amounts made available for the purposes specified in subsection (a) of this section are subject to the requirements for funds contained in section 508 of division H of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31). 
(RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  SEC. 237. Of the unobligated balance of funds made available in the sixth proviso under the heading ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Veterans Health Administration— Medical Services’’ in title II of Division J of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113), $751,000,000 is hereby rescinded. SEC. 238. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act for the Department of Veterans Affairs may be used in a manner that is inconsistent with: (1) section 842 of the Transportation, Treasury, Housing and Urban Development, the Judiciary, the District of Columbia, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–115; 119 Stat. 2506); or (2) section 8110(a)(5) of title 38, United States Code. SEC. 239. Section 842 of Public Law 109–115 shall not apply to conversion of an activity or function of the Veterans Health Administration, Veterans Benefits Administration, or National Cemetery Administration to contractor performance by a business concern that is at least 51 percent owned by one or more Indian tribes as defined in section 5304(e) of title 25, United States Code, or one or more Native Hawaiian Organizations as defined in section 637(a)(15) of title 15, United States Code. SEC. 240. (a) Except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Labor, shall discontinue using Social Security account numbers to identify individuals in all information systems of the Department of Veterans Affairs as follows: (1) For all veterans submitting to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs new claims for benefits under laws administered by the Secretary, not later than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) For all individuals not described in paragraph (1), not later than 8 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may use a Social Security account number to identify an individual in an information system of the Department of Veterans Affairs if and only if the use of such number is required to obtain information the Secretary requires from an information system that is not under the jurisdiction of the Secretary. SEC. 241. For funds provided to the Department of Veterans Affairs for each of fiscal year 2018 and 2019 for ‘‘Medical Services’’, section 239 of Division A of Public Law 114– 223 shall apply. SEC. 242. None of the funds appropriated in this or prior appropriations Acts or otherwise made available to the Department of Veterans Affairs may be used to transfer any amounts from the Filipino Veterans Equity Compensation Fund to any other account within the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
(RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  SEC. 243. (a) Of the unobligated balance of funds made available through September 30, 2018, under the heading ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ in division J of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76), $10,000,000 is hereby rescinded. (b) For an additional amount for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’, $10,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023. (c) Of the unobligated balance of funds made available through September 30, 2019, under the heading ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ in division I of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235), $410,000,000 is hereby rescinded. (d) For an additional amount for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’, $410,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2024. SEC. 244. Of the funds provided to the Department of Veterans Affairs for each of fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2019 for ‘‘Medical Services’’, funds may be used in each year to carry out and expand the child care program authorized by section 205 of Public Law 111– 163, notwithstanding subsection (e) of such section. SEC. 245. (a) Section 204(c) of the Department of Veterans Affairs Health Care Programs Enhancement Act of 2001 (Public Law 107–135; 38 U.S.C. 1710 note) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The program’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The program shall be carried out at not fewer than two medical centers or clinics in each Veterans Integrated Service Network by not later than December 31, 2019, and at not fewer than 50 percent of all medical centers in each Veterans Integrated Service Network by not later than December 31, 2021.’’. (b)(1) Paragraph (6) of section 1701 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(H) Chiropractic services.’’. (2) Paragraph (8) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘chiropractic,’’ after ‘‘counseling,’’. (3) Paragraph (9) of such section is amended— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (F) through (K) as subparagraphs (G) through (L), respectively; and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the following new subparagraph (F): ‘‘(F) chiropractic examinations and services;’’. SEC. 246. (a) P ILOT PROGRAM .—The Sec retary of Veterans Affairs shall carry out a pilot program to provide educational assistance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and training as physician assistants of the Department of Veterans Affairs. (b) ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS .—An individual is eligible to participate in the pilot program if the individual— (1) has medical or military health experience gained while serving as a member of the Armed Forces; (2) has received a certificate, associate degree, baccalaureate degree, master’s degree, or postbaccalaureate training in a science relating to health care; or (3) has participated in the delivery of healthcare services or related medical services, including participation in military training relating to the identification, evaluation, treatment, and prevention of diseases and disorders. (c) DURATION .—The pilot program shall be carried out during the 5year period beginning on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) SELECTION .— (1) The Secretary shall select eligible individuals under subsection (b) to participate in the pilot program. (2) In selecting individuals to participate in the pilot program under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall give priority to individuals who agree to be employed as a physician assistant for the Veterans Health Administration at a medical facility of the Department located in a community that— (A) is designated as a medically underserved population under section 330(b)(3)(A) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b(b)(3)(A)); and (B) is in a State with a per capita population of veterans of more than 5 percent according to the National Center for Veterans Analysis and Statistics and the United States Census Bureau. (e) EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE .—In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary shall provide educational assistance to individuals participating in the pilot program, including through the use of scholarships, to cover the costs to such individuals of obtaining a master’s degree in physician assistant studies or a similar master’s degree. (f) PERIOD OF OBLIGATED SERVICE .—The Secretary shall enter into an agreement with each individual participating in the pilot program in which such individual agrees to be employed as a physician assistant for the Veterans Health Administration for a period of obligated service to be determined by the Secretary. (g) BREACH .—An individual who participates in the pilot program and fails to satisfy the period of obligated service under subsection (f) shall be liable to the United States, in lieu of such obligated service, for the amount that has been paid or is payable to or on behalf of the individual under the pilot program, reduced by the proportion that the number of days served for completion of the period of obligated service bears to the total number of days in the period of obligated service of such individual. 
(h) R EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in collaboration with the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall submit to Congress a report on the pilot program’s effectiveness of helping to meet the shortage of physician assistants employed by the Department. SEC. 247. For funds provided to the Department of Veterans Affairs for each of fiscal year 2018 and 2019, section 248 of Division A of Public Law 114–223 shall apply. SEC. 248. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may use amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this title to ensure that the ratio of veterans to fulltime employment equivalents within any program of rehabilitation conducted under chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code, does not exceed 125 veterans to one fulltime employment equivalent. (b) Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the programs of rehabilitation conducted under chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code, including— (1) an assessment of the veterantostaff ratio for each such program; and (2) recommendations for such action as the Secretary considers necessary to reduce the veterantostaff ratio for each such program. SEC. 249. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this title may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into an agreement related to resolving a dispute or claim with an individual that would restrict in any way the individual from speaking to members of Congress or their staff on any topic not otherwise prohibited from disclosure by Federal law or required by Executive Order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or the conduct of foreign affairs. SEC. 250. For funds provided to the Department of Veterans Affairs for each of fiscal year 2018 and 2019, section 258 of Division A of Public Law 114–223 shall apply. SEC. 251. (a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2402(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(10) Any individual— ‘‘(A) who— ‘‘(i) was naturalized pursuant to section 2(1) of the Hmong Veterans’ Naturalization Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–207; 8 U.S.C. 1423 note); and ‘‘(ii) at the time of the individual’s death resided in the United States.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to an individual dying on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 252. The Secretary may carry out a 2 year pilot program making grants to nonprofit veterans services organizations recognized by the Secretary in accordance with section 5902 of title 38, United States Code, to upgrade, through construction and repair, VSO community facilities into health and wellness centers and to promote and expand complementary and integrative wellness programs: Provided, That no single grant may exceed a total of $500,000: Provided further, That the Secretary may not provide more than 20 grants during the 2year pilot program: Provided further, That the recipient of a grant under this section may not use the grant to purchase real estate or to carry out repair of facilities leased by the recipient or to construct facilities on property leased by the recipient: Provided further, That the Secretary ensures that the grant recipients use grant funds to construct or repair facilities located in at least 10 different geographic locations in economically depressed areas or areas designated as highly rural that are not in close proximity to Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers: Provided further, That the Secretary shall report to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress no later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, on the grant program established under this section. SEC. 253. None of the funds appropriated in this or any other Act for ‘‘Grants for Construction of State Extended Care Facilities’’ may be used to award grants for applications included in priority one of the priority list for the first time which have been assigned a higher priority ranking for fiscal year 2018 than unfunded applications which met the eligibility requirements defined in section 8135(c) of title 38, United States Code, in fiscal year 2017 and continue to meet those requirements in fiscal year 2018: Provided, That the Secretary may award grants for new applications in fiscal year 2018 for projects that did not meet eligibility requirements defined in section 8135(c) of title 38, United States Code, in fiscal year 2017 only after applications which met priority one eligibility requirements in fiscal year 2017 and continue to meet those requirements defined in section 8135(c) of title 38, United States Code, have been funded: Provided further, That nothing in this section shall preclude the Secretary from assigning a higher priority ranking or funding a grant application to correct conditions that threaten the life or safety of patients which meet the criteria laid out in section 8135(c) of title 38, United States Code. SEC. 254. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to conduct research using canines unless: the scientific objectives of the study can only be met by research with canines; the study has been directly approved by the Secretary; and the study is consistent with the revised Department of Veterans Affairs canine research policy document released on December 18, 2017: Provided, That not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a detailed report outlining under what circumstances canine research may be needed if there are no other alternatives, how often it was used during that time period, and what protocols are in place to determine both the safety and efficacy of the research. SEC. 255. For an additional amount for the Department of Veterans Affairs, $2,000,000,000 to remain available until expended, for infrastructure improvements, including new construction, and in addition to amounts otherwise made available in this act for such purpose, of which: (1) $1,000,000,000 shall be for ‘‘Veterans Health Administration—Medical Facilities’’ to be used for nonrecurring maintenance; (2) $425,000,000 shall be for ‘‘Departmental Administration—Construction, Minor Projects’’; and, (3) $575,000,000 shall be for ‘‘Departmental Administration—Grants for Construction of State Extended Care Facilities’’; Provided, That the additional amounts appropriated for the purposes of nonrecurring maintenance and minor construction may be used to carry out critical lifesafety projects identified in the Department’s annual facility condition assessments; sustainment projects; modernization projects; infrastructure repair; renovations at existing Veterans Health Administration medical centers and outpatient clinics; and projects included in the Strategic Capital Investment Process plan: Provided further, That the additional amounts appropriated under this section may not be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Veterans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, and such Committees approve, a detailed expenditure plan, including project descriptions and costs, for any non recurring maintenance, minor construction or State extended care facility project being funded with the additional amounts made available in this administrative provision. SEC. 256. Subsection (d) of section 504 of the Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–275; 38 U.S.C. 5101 note), as amended, is further amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) SOURCE OF FUNDS .—Expenses of carrying out the pilot program under this section, including payments for pilot program examination travel and incidental expenses under the terms and conditions set forth by 38 U.S.C. 111, shall be reimbursed to the accounts available for the general operating expenses of the Veterans Benefits Administration and information technology systems from amounts available to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for payment of compensation and pensions.’’. SEC. 257. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to charge a veteran a fee for a veterans identification card pursuant to section 5706(c) of title 38, United States Code. SEC. 258. (a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 1712I. Mental and behavioral health care for certain former members of the Armed Forces ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Secretary shall furnish to former members of the Armed Forces described in subsection (b)— ‘‘(1) an initial mental health assessment; and ‘‘(2) the mental healthcare or behavioral healthcare services authorized under this chapter that are required to treat the mental or behavioral health care needs of the former service members, including risk of suicide or harming others. ‘‘(b) ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS .—A former member of the Armed Forces described in this subsection is an individual who— ‘‘(1) is a former member of the Armed Forces, including the reserve components; ‘‘(2) while serving in the active military, naval, or air service, was discharged or released therefrom under a condition that is not honorable but not— ‘‘(A) a dishonorable discharge; or ‘‘(B) a discharge by courtmartial; ‘‘(3) is not otherwise eligible to enroll in the health care system established by section 1705 of this title; and ‘‘(4)(A)(i) served in the Armed Forces for a period of more than 100 cumulative days; and ‘‘(ii) was deployed in a theater of combat operations, in support of a contingency operation, or in an area at a time during which hostilities are occurring in that area during such service, including by controlling an unmanned aerial vehicle from a location other than such theater or area; or ‘‘(B) while serving in the Armed Forces, was the victim of a physical assault of a sexual nature, a battery of a sexual nature, or sexual harassment (as defined in section 1720D(f) of this title). ‘‘(c) NONDEPARTMENT CARE.—(1) In furnishing mental or behavioral health care services to an individual under this section, the Secretary may provide such mental or behavioral health care services at a nonDepartment facility if— ‘‘(A) in the judgment of a mental health professional employed by the Department, the receipt of mental or behavioral health care services by that individual in facilities 
of the Department would be clinically inadvisable; or ‘‘(B) facilities of the Department are not capable of furnishing such mental or behavioral health care services to that individual economically because of geographical inaccessibility. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall carry out paragraph (1) pursuant to section 1703 of this title or any other provision of law authorizing the Secretary to enter into contracts or agreements to furnish hospital care and medical services to veterans at nonDepartment facilities. ‘‘(d) SETTING AND REFERRALS .—In fur nishing mental and behavioral health care services to individuals under this section, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) seek to ensure that such services are furnished in settings that are therapeutically appropriate, taking into account the circumstances that resulted in the need for such services; and ‘‘(2) provide referral services to assist former members who are not eligible for services under this chapter to obtain services from sources outside the Department. ‘‘(e) INFORMATION .—The Secretary shall provide information on the mental and behavioral health care services available under this section. Efforts by the Secretary to provide such information— ‘‘(1) shall include notification of each eligible individual described in subsection (b) about the eligibility of the individual for covered mental and behavioral health care under this section not later than the later of— ‘‘(A) 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018; or ‘‘(B) 180 days after the date on which the individual was discharged or released from the active military, naval, or air service; ‘‘(2) shall include availability of a tollfree telephone number (commonly referred to as an 800 number); ‘‘(3) shall ensure that information about the mental health care services available under this section— ‘‘(A) is revised and updated as appropriate; ‘‘(B) is made available and visibly posted at appropriate facilities of the Department; and ‘‘(C) is made available to State veteran agencies and through appropriate public information services; and ‘‘(4) shall include coordination with the Secretary of Defense seeking to ensure that members of the Armed Forces and individuals who are being separated from active military, naval, or air service are provided appropriate information about programs, requirements, and procedures for applying for mental health care services under this section. ‘‘(f) ANNUAL REPORTS .—(1) Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the mental and behavioral health care services provided under this section. ‘‘(2) Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to the year preceding the submittal of the report, the following: ‘‘(A) The number of eligible individuals who were furnished mental or behavioral health care services under this section, disaggregated by the number of men who received such services and the number of women who received such services. ‘‘(B) The number of individuals who requested an initial mental health assessment under subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(C) Such other information as the Secretary considers appropriate.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1720H the following new item: ‘‘1720I. Mental and behavioral health care for certain former members of the Armed Forces.’’. SEC. 259. (a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 53 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 5303A the following new section: ‘‘§ 5303B. Character of service determinations ‘‘(a) DETERMINATION .—The Secretary shall establish a process by which an individual who served in the Armed Forces and was discharged or dismissed therefrom may seek a determination from the Secretary with respect to whether such discharge or release was under a condition that bars the right of such individual to a benefit under the laws administered by the Secretary based upon the period of service from which discharged or dismissed. ‘‘(b) PROVISION OF INFORMATION .—If the Secretary determines under subsection (a) that an individual is barred to a benefit under the laws administered by the Secretary, the Secretary shall provide to such individual information regarding the ability of the individual to address such condition, including pursuant to section 5303 of this title and chapter 79 of title 10.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5303A the following new item: ‘‘5303B. Character of service determinations.’’. TITLE III RELATED AGENCIES AMERICAN BATTLE MONUMENTS COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, of the American Battle Monuments Commission, including the acquisition of land or interest in land in foreign countries; purchases and repair of uniforms for caretakers of national cemeteries and monuments outside of the United States and its territories and possessions; rent of office and garage space in foreign countries; purchase (oneforone replacement basis only) and hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $42,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries, when required by law of such countries, $79,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS ACCOUNT  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, of the American Battle Monuments Commission, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until expended, for purposes authorized by section 2109 of title 36, United States Code. UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR  VETERANS CLAIMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for the operation of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims as authorized by sections 7251 through 7298 of title 38, United States Code, $33,600,000: Provided, That, of the amount, up to $800,000 may be transferred to the General Services Administration for planning and design of a courthouse, to include a feasibility study: Provided further, That $2,580,000 shall be available for the purpose of providing financial assistance as described and in accordance with the process and reporting procedures set forth under this heading in Public Law 102–229. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE —CIVIL CEMETERIAL EXPENSES , ARMY 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for maintenance, operation, and improvement of Arlington National Cemetery and Soldiers’ and Airmen’s Home National Cemetery, including the purchase or lease of passenger motor vehicles for replacement on a oneforone basis only, and not to exceed $2,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $80,800,000, of which not to exceed $15,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. In addition, such sums as may be necessary for parking maintenance, repairs and replacement, to be derived from the ‘‘Lease of Department of Defense Real Property for Defense Agencies’’ account. 
CONSTRUCTION  For necessary expenses for planning and design and construction at Arlington National Cemetery and Soldiers’ and Airmen’s Home National Cemetery, $167,000,000, to remain available until expended, for planning and design and construction associated with the Southern Expansion project at Arlington National Cemetery. ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME 
TRUST FUND  For expenses necessary for the Armed Forces Retirement Home to operate and maintain the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home— Gulfport, Mississippi, to be paid from funds available in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $64,300,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until expended for construction and renovation of the physical plants at the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Gulfport, Mississippi: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading from funds available in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $22,000,000 shall be paid from the general fund of the Treasury to the Trust Fund. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  SEC. 301. Funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Department of Defense— Civil, Cemeterial Expenses, Army’’, may be provided to Arlington County, Virginia, for the relocation of the federally owned water main at Arlington National Cemetery, making additional land available for ground burials. SEC. 302. Amounts deposited into the special account established under 10 U.S.C. 4727 are appropriated and shall be available until expended to support activities at the Army National Military Cemeteries. TITLE IV OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $146,100,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, for projects outside of the United States: Pro vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $33,248,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, for projects outside of the 
United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’ $546,352,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, for projects outside of the United States: Pro vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, DefenseWide’’, $24,300,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, for projects outside of the United States: Pro vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  SEC. 401. Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. SEC. 402. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Defense is directed to provide the congressional defense committees a future years defense program for funds appropriated to the Department of Defense for construction projects related to European Reassurance Initiative and European Deterrence Initiative beginning in fiscal year 2018 and each subsequent fiscal year that funding is requested for either initiative. Further, the Secretary of Defense is directed to submit the future years defense program with each fiscal year budget submission. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS SEC. 501. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. SEC. 502. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for any program, project, or activity, when it is made known to the Federal entity or official to which the funds are made available that the program, project, or activity is not in compliance with any Federal law relating to risk assessment, the protection of private property rights, or unfunded mandates. SEC. 503. All departments and agencies funded under this Act are encouraged, within the limits of the existing statutory authorities and funding, to expand their use of ‘‘E– Commerce’’ technologies and procedures in the conduct of their business practices and public service activities. SEC. 504. Unless stated otherwise, all reports and notifications required by this Act shall be submitted to the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. SEC. 505. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this or any other appropriations Act. SEC. 506. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for a project or program named for an individual serving as a Member, Delegate, or Resident Commissioner of the United States House of Representatives. SEC. 507. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report compromises national security; or (2) the report contains confidential or proprietary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such report shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Committee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. SEC. 508. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. SEC. 509. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by an agency of the executive branch to pay for firstclass travel by an employee of the agency in contravention of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. SEC. 510. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to execute a contract for goods or services, including construction services, where the contractor has not complied with Executive Order No. 12989. SEC. 511. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or the Department of Veterans Affairs to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. SEC. 512. (a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense in this Act may be used to construct, renovate, or expand any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this subsection is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION K—DEPARTMENT OF STATE, FOREIGN OPERATIONS, AND RELATED PROGRAMS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF STATE AND RELATED AGENCY DEPARTMENT OF STATE ADMINISTRATION OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS  
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses of the Department of State and the Foreign Service not otherwise provided for, $5,744,440,000, of which up to $654,553,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019, and of which up to $1,380,752,000 may remain available until expended for Worldwide Security Protection: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall be allocated in accordance with paragraphs (1) through (4) as follows: (1) HUMAN RESOURCES .—For necessary expenses for training, human resources management, and salaries, including employment without regard to civil service and classification laws of persons on a temporary basis (not to exceed $700,000), as authorized by section 801 of the United States Information and Educational Exchange Act of 1948, $2,770,673,000, of which up to $476,879,000 is for Worldwide Security Protection. (2) OVERSEAS PROGRAMS .—For necessary expenses for the regional bureaus of the Department of State and overseas activities as authorized by law, $1,253,799,000. (3) DIPLOMATIC POLICY AND SUPPORT .—For necessary expenses for the functional bureaus of the Department of State, including representation to certain international organizations in which the United States participates pursuant to treaties ratified pursuant to the advice and consent of the Senate or specific Acts of Congress, general administration, and arms control, nonproliferation and disarmament activities as authorized, $794,561,000. (4) SECURITY PROGRAMS .—For necessary expenses for security activities, $925,407,000, of which up to $903,873,000 is for Worldwide Security Protection. (5) FEES AND PAYMENTS COLLECTED .—In ad dition to amounts otherwise made available under this heading— (A) as authorized by section 810 of the United States Information and Educational Exchange Act, not to exceed $5,000,000, to remain available until expended, may be credited to this appropriation from fees or other payments received from English teaching, library, motion pictures, and publication programs and from fees from educational advising and counseling and exchange visitor programs; and (B) not to exceed $15,000, which shall be derived from reimbursements, surcharges, and fees for use of Blair House facilities. (6) TRANSFER OF FUNDS , REPROGRAMMING , 
AND OTHER MATTERS .— (A) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, funds may be reprogrammed within and between paragraphs (1) through (4) under this heading subject to section 7015 of this Act. (B) Of the amount made available under this heading, not to exceed $10,000,000 may be transferred to, and merged with, funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Emergencies in the Diplomatic and Consular Service’’, to be available only for emergency evacuations and rewards, as authorized. (C) Funds appropriated under this heading are available for acquisition by exchange or purchase of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by law and, pursuant to section 
1108(g) of title 31, United States Code, for the field examination of programs and activities in the United States funded from any account contained in this title. (D) Funds appropriated under this heading that are designated for Worldwide Security Protection shall continue to be made available for support of securityrelated training at sites in existence prior to the enactment of this Act. 
CAPITAL INVESTMENT FUND  For necessary expenses of the Capital Investment Fund, as authorized, $103,400,000, to remain available until expended. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General, $77,629,000, notwithstanding section 209(a)(1) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3929(a)(1)), as it relates to post inspections: Provided, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, $11,644,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019. 
PROGRAMS  For expenses of educational and cultural exchange programs, as authorized, $646,143,000, to remain available until expended, of which not less than $240,000,000 shall be for the Fulbright Program and not less than $111,360,000 shall be for Citizen Exchange Program, including $4,125,000 for the CongressBundestag Youth Exchange: Pro vided, That fees or other payments received from, or in connection with, English teaching, educational advising and counseling programs, and exchange visitor programs as authorized may be credited to this account, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That a portion of the Fulbright awards from the Eurasia and Central Asia regions shall be designated as Edmund S. Muskie Fellowships, following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Pro vided further, That any substantive modifications from the prior fiscal year to programs funded by this Act under this heading shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. 
OFFICIALS  For expenses, not otherwise provided, to enable the Secretary of State to provide for extraordinary protective services, as authorized, $30,890,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
MAINTENANCE  For necessary expenses for carrying out the Foreign Service Buildings Act of 1926 (22 U.S.C. 292 et seq.), preserving, maintaining, repairing, and planning for buildings that are owned or directly leased by the Department of State, renovating, in addition to funds otherwise available, the Harry S Truman Building, and carrying out the Diplomatic Security Construction Program as authorized, $765,459,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $25,000 may be used for domestic and overseas representation expenses as authorized: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this paragraph shall be available for acquisition of furniture, furnishings, or generators for other departments and agencies of the United States Government. In addition, for the costs of worldwide security upgrades, acquisition, and construction as authorized, $1,477,237,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations the proposed allocation of funds made available under this heading and the actual and anticipated proceeds of sales for all projects in fiscal year 2018. EMERGENCIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC AND  
CONSULAR SERVICE  For necessary expenses to enable the Secretary of State to meet unforeseen emergencies arising in the Diplomatic and Consular Service, as authorized, $7,885,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $1,000,000 may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Repatriation Loans Program Account’’, subject to the same terms and conditions. 
REPATRIATION LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct loans, $1,300,000, as authorized: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $2,440,856. 
TAIWAN  For necessary expenses to carry out the Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8), $31,963,000. 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  Not to exceed $1,806,600 shall be derived from fees collected from other executive agencies for lease or use of facilities at the International Center in accordance with section 4 of the International Center Act (Public Law 90–553), and, in addition, as authorized by section 5 of such Act, $743,000, to be derived from the reserve authorized by such section, to be used for the purposes set out in that section. 
RETIREMENT AND DISABILITY FUND  For payment to the Foreign Service Retirement and Disability Fund, as authorized, $158,900,000. INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS  
ORGANIZATIONS  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, to meet annual obligations of membership in international multilateral organizations, pursuant to treaties ratified pursuant to the advice and consent of the Senate, conventions, or specific Acts of Congress, $1,371,168,000: Provided, That the Secretary of State shall, at the time of the submission of the President’s budget to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, transmit to the Committees on Appropriations the most recent biennial budget prepared by the United Nations for the operations of the United Nations: Pro vided further, That the Secretary of State shall notify the Committees on Appropriations at least 15 days in advance (or in an emergency, as far in advance as is practicable) of any United Nations action to increase funding for any United Nations program without identifying an offsetting decrease elsewhere in the United Nations budget: Provided further, That not later than June 1, 2018, and 30 days after the end of fiscal year 2018, the Secretary of State shall report to the Committees on Appropriations any credits attributable to the United States, including from the United Nations Tax Equalization Fund, and provide updated fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2019 assessment costs including offsets from available credits and updated foreign currency exchange rates: Provided further, That any such credits shall only be available for United States assessed contributions to the United Nations regular budget, and the Committees on Appropriations shall be notified when such credits are applied to any assessed contribution, including any payment of arrearages: Provided further, That any notification regarding funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading in this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs submitted pursuant to section 7015 of this Act, section 34 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2706), or any operating plan submitted pursuant to section 7076 of this Act, shall include an estimate of all known credits currently attributable to the United States and provide updated assessment costs including offsets from available credits and updated foreign currency exchange rates: Provided further, That any payment of arrearages under this heading shall be directed to activities that are mutually agreed upon by the United States and the respective international organization and shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for a United States contribution to an international organization for the United States share of interest costs made known to the United States Government by such organization for loans incurred on or after October 1, 1984, through external borrowings. CONTRIBUTIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL  
PEACEKEEPING ACTIVITIES  For necessary expenses to pay assessed and other expenses of international peacekeeping activities directed to the maintenance or restoration of international peace and security, $414,624,000, of which 15 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Pro vided, That none of the funds made available by this Act shall be obligated or expended for any new or expanded United Nations peacekeeping mission unless, at least 15 days in advance of voting for such mission in the United Nations Security Council (or in an emergency as far in advance as is practicable), the Committees on Appropriations are notified of: (1) the estimated cost and duration of the mission, the objectives of the mission, the national interest that will be served, and the exit strategy; and (2) the sources of funds, including any reprogrammings or transfers, that will be used to pay the cost of the new or expanded mission, and the estimated cost in future fiscal years: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading may be made available for obligation unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations on a peacekeeping missionbymission basis that the United Nations is implementing effective policies and procedures to prevent United Nations employees, contractor personnel, and peacekeeping troops serving in such mission from trafficking in persons, exploiting victims of trafficking, or committing acts of sexual exploitation and abuse or other violations of human rights, and to bring to justice individuals who engage in such acts while participating in such mission, including prosecution in their home countries and making information about such prosecutions publicly available on the Web site of the United Nations: Provided further, That the Secretary of State shall work with the United Nations and foreign governments contributing peacekeeping troops to implement effective vetting procedures to ensure that such troops have not violated human rights: Provided further, That funds shall be 
available for peacekeeping expenses unless the Secretary of State determines that United States manufacturers and suppliers are not being given opportunities to provide equipment, services, and material for United Nations peacekeeping activities equal to those being given to foreign manufacturers and suppliers: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading may be used for any United Nations peacekeeping mission that will involve United States Armed Forces under the command or operational control of a foreign national, unless the President’s military advisors have submitted to the President a recommendation that such involvement is in the national interest of the United States and the President has submitted to Congress such a recommendation: Provided further, That not later than June 1, 2018, and 30 days after the end of fiscal year 2018, the Secretary of State shall report to the Committees on Appropriations any credits attributable to the United States, including those resulting from United Nations peacekeeping missions or the United Nations Tax Equalization Fund, and provide updated fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2019 assessment costs including offsets from available credits: Provided further, That any such credits shall only be available for United States assessed contributions to United Nations peacekeeping missions, and the Committees on Appropriations shall be notified when such credits are applied to any assessed contribution, including any payment of arrearages: Provided further, That any notification regarding funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading in this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs submitted pursuant to section 7015 of this Act, section 34 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2706), or any operating plan submitted pursuant to section 7076 of this Act, shall include an estimate of all known credits currently attributable to the United States and provide updated assessment costs, including offsets from available credits: Provided further, That any payment of arrearages with funds appropriated by this Act shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That the Secretary of State shall work with the United Nations and members of the United Nations Security Council to evaluate and prioritize peacekeeping missions, and to consider a draw down when mission goals have been substantially achieved. INTERNATIONAL COMMISSIONS  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, to meet obligations of the United States arising under treaties, or specific Acts of Congress, as follows: 
COMMISSION , UNITED STATES AND MEXICO  For necessary expenses for the United States Section of the International Boundary and Water Commission, United States and Mexico, and to comply with laws applicable to the United States Section, including not to exceed $6,000 for representation expenses; as follows: 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses, not otherwise provided for, $48,134,000. 
CONSTRUCTION  For detailed plan preparation and construction of authorized projects, $29,400,000, to remain available until expended, as authorized. 
COMMISSIONS  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided, for the International Joint Commission and the International Boundary Commission, United States and Canada, as authorized by treaties between the United States and Canada or Great Britain, and the Border Environment Cooperation Commission as authorized by the North American Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 103–182), $13,258,000: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading for the International Joint Commission, up to $500,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019, and $9,000 may be made available for representation expenses. INTERNATIONAL FISHERIES COMMISSIONS  For necessary expenses for international fisheries commissions, not otherwise provided for, as authorized by law, $46,356,000: Provided, That the United States share of such expenses may be advanced to the respective commissions pursuant to section 3324 of title 31, United States Code. RELATED AGENCY BROADCASTING BOARD OF GOVERNORS  
INTERNATIONAL BROADCASTING OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses to enable the Broadcasting Board of Governors (BBG), as authorized, to carry out international communication activities, and to make and supervise grants for radio, Internet, and television broadcasting to the Middle East, $797,986,000: Provided, That in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes, up to $34,508,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading may remain available until expended for satellite transmissions and Internet freedom programs, of which not less than $13,800,000 shall be for Internet freedom programs: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $35,000 may be used for representation expenses, of which $10,000 may be used for such expenses within the United States as authorized, and not to exceed $30,000 may be used for representation expenses of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty: Provided further, That the BBG shall notify the Committees on Appropriations within 15 days of any determination by the BBG that any of its broadcast entities, including its grantee organizations, provides an open platform for international terrorists or those who support international terrorism, or is in violation of the principles and standards set forth in subsections (a) and (b) of section 303 of the United States International Broadcasting Act of 1994 (22 U.S.C. 6202) or the entity’s journalistic code of ethics: Provided further, That significant modifications to BBG broadcast hours previously justified to Congress, including changes to transmission platforms (shortwave, medium wave, satellite, Internet, and television), for all BBG language services shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That in addition to funds made available under this heading, and notwithstanding any other provision of law, up to $5,000,000 in receipts from advertising and revenue from business ventures, up to $500,000 in receipts from cooperating international organizations, and up to $1,000,000 in receipts from privatization efforts of the Voice of America and the International Broadcasting Bureau, shall remain available until expended for carrying out authorized purposes. 
BROADCASTING CAPITAL IMPROVEMENTS  For the purchase, rent, construction, repair, preservation, and improvement of facilities for radio, television, and digital transmission and reception; the purchase, rent, and installation of necessary equipment for radio, television, and digital transmission and reception, including to Cuba, as authorized; and physical security worldwide, in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes, $9,700,000, to remain available until expended, as authorized. RELATED PROGRAMS THEASIAFOUNDATION  For a grant to The Asia Foundation, as authorized by The Asia Foundation Act (22 U.S.C. 4402), $17,000,000, to remain available until expended. UNITED STATES INSTITUTE OF PEACE  For necessary expenses of the United States Institute of Peace, as authorized by the United States Institute of Peace Act (22 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.), $37,884,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, which shall not be used for construction activities. CENTER FOR MIDDLE EASTERN WESTERN  DIALOGUE TRUST FUND For necessary expenses of the Center for Middle EasternWestern Dialogue Trust Fund, as authorized by section 633 of the Departments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2004 (22 U.S.C. 2078), the total amount of the interest and earnings accruing to such Fund on or before September 30, 2018, to remain available until expended. EISENHOWER EXCHANGE FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM  For necessary expenses of Eisenhower Exchange Fellowships, Incorporated, as authorized by sections 4 and 5 of the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowship Act of 1990 (20 U.S.C. 5204–5205), all interest and earnings accruing to the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowship Program Trust Fund on or before September 30, 2018, to remain available until expended: Pro vided, That none of the funds appropriated herein shall be used to pay any salary or other compensation, or to enter into any contract providing for the payment thereof, in excess of the rate authorized by section 5376 of title 5, United States Code; or for purposes which are not in accordance with section 200 of title 2 of the Code of Federal Regulations, including the restrictions on compensation for personal services. ISRAELI ARABSCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM  For necessary expenses of the Israeli Arab Scholarship Program, as authorized by section 214 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1992 and 1993 (22 U.S.C. 2452 note), all interest and earnings accruing to the Israeli Arab Scholarship Fund on or before September 30, 2018, to remain available until expended. EASTWESTCENTER  To enable the Secretary of State to provide for carrying out the provisions of the Center for Cultural and Technical Interchange Between East and West Act of 1960, by grant to the Center for Cultural and Technical Interchange Between East and West in the State of Hawaii, $16,700,000. NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR DEMOCRACY  For grants made by the Department of State to the National Endowment for Democracy, as authorized by the National Endowment for Democracy Act (22 U.S.C. 4412), $170,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $117,500,000 shall be allocated in the traditional and customary manner, including for the core institutes, and $52,500,000 shall be for democracy programs. OTHER COMMISSIONS COMMISSION FOR THE PRESERVATION OF  AMERICA ’SHERITAGE ABROAD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Commission for the Preservation of America’s Heritage Abroad, $675,000, as authorized by chapter 3123 of title 54, United States Code: Provided, That the Commission may procure temporary, intermittent, and other services notwithstanding paragraph (3) of section 
312304(b) of such chapter: Provided further, That such authority shall terminate on October 1, 2018: Provided further, That the Commission shall notify the Committees on Appropriations prior to exercising such authority. UNITED STATES COMMISSION ON  INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF), as authorized by title II of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6431 et seq.), $4,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, including not more than $4,000 for representation expenses: Provided, That prior to the obligation of $1,000,000 of the funds appropriated under this heading, the Commission shall consult with the appropriate congressional committees on the steps taken to implement the recommendations of the Independent Review of USCIRF Mission Effectiveness that was conducted pursuant to the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom Reauthorization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–71), and such funds shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN  EUROPE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, as authorized by Public Law 94–304 (22 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.), $2,579,000, including not more than $4,000 for representation expenses, to remain available until September 30, 2019. CONGRESSIONAL EXECUTIVE COMMISSION ON  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the CongressionalExecutive Commission on the People’s Republic of China, as authorized by title III of the U.S.China Relations Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 6911 et seq.), $2,000,000, including not more than $3,000 for representation expenses, to remain available until September 30, 2019. UNITED STATES CHINA ECONOMIC AND  SECURITY REVIEW COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the United StatesChina Economic and Security Review Commission, as authorized by section 1238 of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), $3,500,000, including not more than $4,000 for representation expenses, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That the authorities, requirements, limitations, and conditions contained in the second through sixth provisos under this heading in the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2010 (division F of Public Law 111–117) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2018 and shall apply to funds appropriated under this heading as if included in this Act. TITLE II UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 667 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $1,189,609,000, of which up to $178,441,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading and under the heading ‘‘Capital Investment Fund’’ in this title may be made available to finance the construction (including architect and engineering services), purchase, or long term lease of offices for use by the United States Agency for International Development, unless the USAID Administrator has identified such proposed use of funds in a report submitted to the Committees on Appropriations at least 15 days prior to the obligation of funds for such purposes: Provided further, That contracts or agreements entered into with funds appropriated under this heading may entail commitments for the expenditure of such funds through the following fiscal year: Provided further, That the authority of sections 610 and 109 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 may be exercised by the Secretary of State to transfer funds appropriated to carry out chapter 1 of part I of such Act to ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ in accordance with the provisions of those sections: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated or made available under this heading, not to exceed $250,000 may be available for representation and entertainment expenses, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be available for entertainment expenses, and not to exceed $100,500 shall be for official residence expenses, for USAID during the current fiscal year. CAPITAL INVESTMENT FUND  For necessary expenses for overseas construction and related costs, and for the procurement and enhancement of information technology and related capital investments, pursuant to section 667 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $197,100,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That this amount is in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be available subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 667 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $72,800,000, of which up to $10,920,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019, for the Office of Inspector General of the United States Agency for International Development. TITLE III BILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  For necessary expenses to enable the President to carry out the provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, and for other purposes, as follows: 
GLOBAL HEALTH PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of chapters 1 and 10 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, for global health activities, in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes, $3,020,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, and which shall be apportioned directly to the United States Agency for International Development: Provided, That this amount shall be made available for training, equipment, and technical assistance to build the capacity of public health institutions and organizations in developing countries, and for such activities as: (1) child survival and maternal health programs; (2) immunization and oral rehydration programs; (3) other health, nutrition, water and sanitation programs which directly address the needs of mothers and children, and related education programs; (4) assistance for children displaced or orphaned by causes other than AIDS; (5) programs for the prevention, treatment, control of, and research on HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, polio, malaria, and other infectious diseases including neglected tropical diseases, and for assistance to communities severely affected by HIV/ AIDS, including children infected or affected by AIDS; (6) disaster preparedness training for health crises; (7) programs to prevent, prepare for, and respond to, unanticipated and emerging global health threats; and (8) family planning/reproductive health: Pro vided further, That funds appropriated under this paragraph may be made available for a United States contribution to the GAVI Alliance: Provided further, That none of the funds made available in this Act nor any unobligated balances from prior appropriations Acts may be made available to any organization or program which, as determined by the President of the United States, supports or participates in the management of a program of coercive abortion or involuntary sterilization: Provided further, That any determination made under the previous proviso must be made not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, and must be accompanied by the evidence and criteria utilized to make the determination: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this Act may be used to pay for the performance of abortion as a method of family planning or to motivate or coerce any person to practice abortions: Provided further, That nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to alter any existing statutory prohibitions against abortion under section 104 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961: Pro vided further, That none of the funds made available under this Act may be used to lobby for or against abortion: Provided further, That in order to reduce reliance on abortion in developing nations, funds shall be available only to voluntary family planning projects which offer, either directly or through referral to, or information about access to, a broad range of family planning methods and services, and that any such voluntary family planning project shall meet the following requirements: (1) service providers or referral agents in the project shall not implement or be subject to quotas, or other numerical targets, of total number of births, number of family planning acceptors, or acceptors of a particular method of family planning (this provision shall not be construed to include the use of quantitative estimates or indicators for budgeting and planning purposes); (2) the project shall not include payment of incentives, bribes, gratuities, or financial reward to: (A) an individual in exchange for becoming a family planning acceptor; or (B) program personnel for achieving a numerical target or quota of total number of births, number of family planning acceptors, or acceptors of a particular method of family planning; (3) the project shall not deny any right or benefit, including the right of access to participate in any program of general welfare or the right of access to health care, as a consequence of any individual’s decision not to accept family planning services; (4) the project shall provide family planning acceptors comprehensible information on the health benefits and risks of the method chosen, including those conditions that might render the use of the method inadvisable and those adverse side effects known to be consequent to the use of the method; and (5) the project shall ensure that experimental contraceptive drugs and devices and medical procedures are provided only in the context of a scientific study in which participants are advised of potential risks and benefits; and, not less than 60 days after the date on which the USAID Administrator determines that there has been a violation of the requirements contained in paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (5) of this proviso, or a pattern or practice of violations of the requirements contained in paragraph (4) of this proviso, 
the Administrator shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report containing a description of such violation and the corrective action taken by the Agency: Provided further, That in awarding grants for natural family planning under section 104 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 no applicant shall be discriminated against because of such applicant’s religious or conscientious commitment to offer only natural family planning; and, additionally, all such applicants shall comply with the requirements of the previous proviso: Provided further, That for purposes of this or any other Act authorizing or appropriating funds for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, the term ‘‘motivate’’, as it relates to family planning assistance, shall not be construed to prohibit the provision, consistent with local law, of information or counseling about all pregnancy options: Pro vided further, That information provided about the use of condoms as part of projects or activities that are funded from amounts appropriated by this Act shall be medically accurate and shall include the public health benefits and failure rates of such use. In addition, for necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for the prevention, treatment, and control of, and research on, HIV/ AIDS, $5,670,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, which shall be apportioned directly to the Department of State: Provided, That funds appropriated under this paragraph may be made available, notwithstanding any other provision of law, except for the United States Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–25), for a United States contribution to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria (Global Fund), and shall be expended at the minimum rate necessary to make timely payment for projects and activities: Provided further, That the amount of such contribution should be $1,350,000,000: Provided further, That clauses (i) and (vi) of section 202(d)(4)(A) of the United States Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7622) shall be applied with respect to such funds made available for fiscal years 2015 through 2018 by substituting ‘‘2004’’ for ‘‘2009’’: Provided further, That up to 5 percent of the aggregate amount of funds made available to the Global Fund in fiscal year 2018 may be made available to USAID for technical assistance related to the activities of the Global Fund, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this paragraph, up to $17,000,000 may be made available, in addition to amounts otherwise available for such purposes, for administrative expenses of the Office of the United States Global AIDS Coordinator. 
DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of sections 103, 105, 106, 214, and sections 251 through 255, and chapter 10 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $3,000,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
INTERNATIONAL DISASTER ASSISTANCE  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 491 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for international disaster relief, rehabilitation, and reconstruction assistance, $2,696,534,000, to remain available until expended. 
TRANSITION INITIATIVES  For necessary expenses for international disaster rehabilitation and reconstruction assistance administered by the Office of Transition Initiatives, United States Agency for International Development, pursuant to section 491 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended, to support transition to democracy and longterm development of countries in crisis: Provided, That such support may include assistance to develop, strengthen, or preserve democratic institutions and processes, revitalize basic infrastructure, and foster the peaceful resolution of conflict: Pro vided further, That the USAID Administrator shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations at least 5 days prior to beginning a new program of assistance: Provided further, That if the Secretary of State determines that it is important to the national interest of the United States to provide transition assistance in excess of the amount appropriated under this heading, up to $15,000,000 of the funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the provisions of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 may be used for purposes of this heading and under the authorities applicable to funds appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That funds made available pursuant to the previous proviso shall be made available subject to prior consultation with the Committees on Appropriations. COMPLEX CRISES FUND  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to support programs and activities to prevent or respond to emerging or unforeseen foreign challenges and complex crises overseas, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available on such terms and conditions as are appropriate and necessary for the purposes of preventing or responding to such challenges and crises, except that no funds shall be made available for lethal assistance or to respond to natural disasters: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law, except sections 7007, 7008, and 7018 of this Act and section 620M of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be used for administrative expenses, in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes, except that such expenses may not exceed 5 percent of the funds appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, except that such notifications shall be transmitted at least 5 days prior to the obligation of funds. 
DEVELOPMENT CREDIT AUTHORITY  For the cost of direct loans and loan guarantees provided by the United States Agency for International Development, as authorized by sections 256 and 635 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, up to $55,000,000 may be derived by transfer from funds appropriated by this Act to carry out part I of such Act and under the heading ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’: Provided, That funds provided under this paragraph and funds provided as a gift that are used for purposes of this paragraph pursuant to section 635(d) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall be made available only for micro and small enterprise programs, urban programs, and other programs which further the purposes of part I of such Act: Provided further, That funds provided as a gift that are used for purposes of this paragraph shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such direct and guaranteed loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, as amended: Pro vided further, That funds made available by this paragraph may be used for the cost of modifying any such guaranteed loans under this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, and funds used for such cost, including if the cost results in a negative subsidy, shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That the provisions of section 107A(d) (relating to general provisions applicable to the Development Credit Authority) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as contained in section 306 of H.R. 1486 as reported by the House Committee on International Relations on May 9, 1997, shall be applicable to direct loans and loan guarantees provided under this heading, except that the principal amount of loans made or guaranteed under this heading with respect to any single country shall not exceed $300,000,000: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any portion of which is to be guaranteed, of up to $1,750,000,000. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out credit programs administered by USAID, $10,000,000, which may be transferred to, and merged with, funds made available under the heading ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ in title II of this Act: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall remain available until September 30, 2020. ECONOMIC SUPPORT FUND  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $1,816,731,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
DEMOCRACY FUND  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for the promotion of democracy globally, including to carry out the purposes of section 502(b)(3) and (5) of Public Law 98–164 (22 U.S.C. 4411), $150,375,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, which shall be made available for the Human Rights and Democracy Fund of the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading that are made available to the National Endowment for Democracy and its core institutes are in addition to amounts otherwise available by this Act for such purposes: Provided further, That the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State, shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations prior to the obligation of funds appropriated under this paragraph. For an additional amount for such purposes, $65,125,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, which shall be made available for the Bureau for Democracy, Conflict, and Humanitarian Assistance, United States Agency for International Development. 
CENTRAL ASIA  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the FREEDOM Support Act (Public Law 102–511), and the Support for Eastern European Democracy (SEED) Act of 1989 (Public Law 101–179), $750,334,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, which shall be available, notwithstanding any other provision of law, except section 7070 of this Act, for assistance and related programs for countries identified in section 3 of Public Law 102–511 (22 U.S.C. 5801) and section 3(c) of Public Law 101–179 (22 U.S.C. 5402), in addition to funds otherwise available for such 
purposes: Provided, That funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, and ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’ that are made available for assistance for such countries shall be administered in accordance with the responsibilities of the coordinator designated pursuant to section 102 of Public Law 102–511 and section 601 of Public Law 101–179: Pro vided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be considered to be economic assistance under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for purposes of making available the administrative authorities contained in that Act for the use of economic assistance. DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
MIGRATION AND REFUGEE ASSISTANCE  For necessary expenses not otherwise provided for, to enable the Secretary of State to carry out the provisions of section 2(a) and (b) of the Migration and Refugee Assistance Act of 1962, and other activities to meet refugee and migration needs; salaries and expenses of personnel and dependents as authorized by the Foreign Service Act of 1980; allowances as authorized by sections 5921 through 5925 of title 5, United States Code; purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles; and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $927,802,000, to remain available until expended, of which not less than $35,000,000 shall be made available to respond to small scale emergency humanitarian requirements, and $7,500,000 shall be made available for refugees resettling in Israel. 
MIGRATION ASSISTANCE FUND  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 2(c) of the Migration and Refugee Assistance Act of 1962, as amended (22 U.S.C. 2601(c)), $1,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That amounts in excess of the limitation contained in paragraph (2) of such section shall be transferred to, and merged with, funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Migration and Refugee Assistance’’. INDEPENDENT AGENCIES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), including the purchase of not to exceed five passenger motor vehicles for administrative purposes for use outside of the United States, $410,000,000, of which $5,500,000 is for the Office of Inspector General, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Pro vided, That the Director of the Peace Corps may transfer to the Foreign Currency Fluctuations Account, as authorized by section 16 of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2515), an amount not to exceed $5,000,000: Provided further, That funds transferred pursuant to the previous proviso may not be derived from amounts made available for Peace Corps overseas operations: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $104,000 may be available for representation expenses, of which not to exceed $4,000 may be made available for entertainment expenses: Provided further, That any decision to open, close, significantly reduce, or suspend a domestic or overseas office or country program shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations, except that prior consultation and regular notification procedures may be waived when there is a substantial security risk to volunteers or other Peace Corps personnel, pursuant to section 7015(e) of this Act: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be used to pay for abortions: Provided further, That notwithstanding the previous proviso, section 614 of division E of Public Law 113–76 shall apply to funds appropriated under this heading. MILLENNIUM CHALLENGE CORPORATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Millennium Challenge Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.) (MCA), $905,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, up to $105,000,000 may be available for administrative expenses of the Millennium Challenge Corporation (MCC): Provided further, That up to 5 percent of the funds appropriated under this heading may be made available to carry out the purposes of section 616 of the MCA for fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That section 605(e) of the MCA shall apply to funds appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available for a Millennium Challenge Compact entered into pursuant to section 609 of the MCA only if such Compact obligates, or contains a commitment to obligate subject to the availability of funds and the mutual agreement of the parties to the Compact to proceed, the entire amount of the United States Government funding anticipated for the duration of the Compact: Provided further, That the MCC Chief Executive Officer shall notify the Committees on Appropriations not later than 15 days prior to commencing negotiations for any country compact or threshold country program; signing any such compact or threshold program; or terminating or suspending any such compact or threshold program: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that are available to implement section 609(g) of the MCA shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That no country should be eligible for a threshold program after such country has completed a country compact: Provided further, That any funds that are deobligated from a Millennium Challenge Compact shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations prior to reobligation: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 606(a)(2) of the MCA, a country shall be a candidate country for purposes of eligibility for assistance for the fiscal year if the country has a per capita income equal to or below the World Bank’s lower middle income country threshold for the fiscal year and is among the 75 lowest per capita income countries as identified by the World Bank; and the country meets the requirements of section 606(a)(1)(B) of the MCA: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 606(b)(1) of the MCA, in addition to countries described in the preceding proviso, a country shall be a candidate country for purposes of eligibility for assistance for the fiscal year if the country has a per capita income equal to or below the World Bank’s lower middle income country threshold for the fiscal year and is not among the 75 lowest per capita income countries as identified by the World Bank; and the country meets the requirements of section 606(a)(1)(B) of the MCA: Provided further, That any MCC candidate country under section 606 of the MCA with a per capita income that changes in the fiscal year such that the country would be reclassified from a low income country to a lower middle income country or from a lower middle income country to a low income country shall retain its candidacy status in its former income classification for the fiscal year and the 2 subsequent fiscal years: Provided further, That publication in the Federal Register of a notice of availability of a copy of a Compact on the MCC Web site shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of section 610(b)(2) of the MCA for such Compact: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs shall be available for a threshold program in a country that is not currently a candidate country: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $100,000 may be available for representation and entertainment expenses, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be available for entertainment expenses. 
INTER AMERICAN FOUNDATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the functions of the InterAmerican Foundation in accordance with the provisions of section 401 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1969, $22,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $2,000 may be available for representation expenses. 
FOUNDATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the African Development Foundation Act (title V of Public Law 96–533; 22 U.S.C. 290h et seq.), $30,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which not to exceed $2,000 may be available for representation expenses: Provided, That funds made available to grantees may be invested pending expenditure for project purposes when authorized by the Board of Directors of the United States African Development Foundation (USADF): Provided further, That interest earned shall be used only for the purposes for which the grant was made: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 505(a)(2) of the African Development Foundation Act (22 U.S.C. 290h–3(a)(2)), in exceptional circumstances the Board of Directors of the USADF may waive the $250,000 limitation contained in that section with respect to a project and a project may exceed the limitation by up to 10 percent if the increase is due solely to foreign currency fluctuation: Pro vided further, That the USADF shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees after each time such waiver authority is exercised: Provided further, That the USADF may make rent or lease payments in advance from appropriations available for such purpose for offices, buildings, grounds, and quarters in Africa as may be necessary to carry out its functions: Provided further, That the USADF may maintain bank accounts outside the United States Treasury and retain any interest earned on such accounts, in furtherance of the purposes of the African Development Foundation Act: Pro vided further, That the USADF may not withdraw any appropriation from the Treasury prior to the need of spending such funds for program purposes. DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
ASSISTANCE  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 129 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $30,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading may be made available to contract for services as described in section 129(d)(3)(A) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, without regard to the location in which such services are performed. 
ENFORCEMENT  For necessary expenses to carry out section 481 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $950,845,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That the Department of State may use the authority of section 608 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, without regard to its restrictions, to receive excess property from an agency of the United States Government for the purpose of providing such property to a foreign country or international organization under chapter 8 of part I of such Act, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That section 482(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall not apply to funds appropriated under this heading, except that any funds made available notwithstanding such section shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be made available to support training and technical assistance for foreign law enforcement, corrections, and other judicial authorities, utilizing regional partners: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading that are transferred to another department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government pursuant to section 632(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 valued in excess of $5,000,000, and any agreement made pursuant to section 632(a) of such Act, shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
DEMINING AND RELATED PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses for nonproliferation, antiterrorism, demining and related programs and activities, $655,467,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, to carry out the provisions of chapter 8 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for antiterrorism assistance, chapter 9 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, section 504 of the FREEDOM Support Act, section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act, or the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for demining activities, the clearance of unexploded ordnance, the destruction of small arms, and related activities, notwithstanding any other provision of law, including activities implemented through nongovernmental and international organizations, and section 301 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 for a United States contribution to the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty Preparatory Commission, and for a voluntary contribution to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA): Provided, That the Secretary of State shall inform the appropriate congressional committees of information regarding any separate arrangements relating to the ‘‘Roadmap for the Clarification of Past and Present Outstanding Issues Regarding Iran’s Nuclear Program’’ between the IAEA and the Islamic Republic of Iran, in classified form if necessary, if such information becomes known to the Department of State: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading for the Nonproliferation and Disarmament Fund shall be made available, notwithstanding any other provision of law and subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations, to promote bilateral and multilateral activities relating to nonproliferation, disarmament, and weapons destruction, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That such funds may also be used for such countries other than the Independent States of the former Soviet Union and international organizations when it is in the national security interest of the United States to do so: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be made available for the IAEA unless the Secretary of State determines that Israel is being denied its right to participate in the activities of that Agency: Pro vided further, That funds made available for conventional weapons destruction programs, including demining and related activities, in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes, may be used for administrative expenses related to the operation and management of such programs and activities, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. PEACEKEEPING OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 551 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $212,712,000: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading may be used, notwithstanding section 660 of such Act, to provide assistance to enhance the capacity of foreign civilian security forces, including gendarmes, to participate in peacekeeping operations: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not less than $31,000,000 shall be made available for a United States contribution to the Multinational Force and Observers mission in the Sinai: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be obligated except as provided through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
TRAINING  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 541 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $110,875,000, of which up to $11,000,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That the civilian personnel for whom military education and training may be provided under this heading may include civilians who are not members of a government whose participation would contribute to improved civilmilitary relations, civilian control of the military, or respect for human rights: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not to exceed $55,000 may be available for entertainment expenses. 
FOREIGN MILITARY FINANCING PROGRAM  For necessary expenses for grants to enable the President to carry out the provisions of section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act, $5,671,613,000: Provided, That to expedite the provision of assistance to foreign countries and international organizations, the Secretary of State, following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations and subject to the regular notification procedures of such Committees, may use the funds appropriated under this heading to procure defense articles and services to enhance the capacity of foreign security forces: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not less than $3,100,000,000 shall be available for grants only for Israel which shall be disbursed within 30 days of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That to the extent that the Government of Israel requests that funds be used for such purposes, grants made available for Israel under this heading shall, as agreed by the United States and Israel, be available for advanced weapons systems, of which not less than $815,300,000 shall be available for the procurement in Israel of defense articles and defense services, including research and development: Provided further, That funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this heading shall be nonrepayable notwithstanding any requirement in section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading shall be obligated upon apportionment in accordance with paragraph (5)(C) of section 1501(a) of title 31, United States Code. None of the funds made available under this heading shall be available to finance the procurement of defense articles, defense services, or design and construction services that are not sold by the United States Government under the Arms Export Control Act unless the foreign country proposing to make such procurement has first signed an agreement with the United States Government specifying the conditions under which such procurement may be financed with such funds: Provided, That all country and funding level increases in allocations shall be submitted through the regular notification procedures of section 7015 of this Act: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for demining, the clearance of unexploded ordnance, and related activities, and may include activities implemented through nongovernmental and international organizations: Provided further, That only those countries for which assistance was justified for the ‘‘Foreign Military Sales Financing Program’’ in the fiscal year 1989 congressional presentation for security assistance programs may utilize funds made available under this heading for procurement of defense articles, defense services, or design and construction services that are not sold by the United States Government under the Arms Export Control Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be expended at the minimum rate necessary to make timely payment for defense articles and services: Provided further, That not more than $75,000,000 of the funds appropriated under this heading may be obligated for necessary expenses, including the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only for use outside of the United States, for the general costs of administering military assistance and sales, except that this limitation may be exceeded only through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading for general costs of administering military assistance and sales, not to exceed $4,000 may be available for entertainment expenses and not to exceed $130,000 may be available for representation expenses: Provided further, That not more than $950,000,000 of funds realized pursuant to section 21(e)(1)(A) of the Arms Export Control Act may be obligated for expenses incurred by the Department of Defense during fiscal year 2018 pursuant to section 43(b) of the Arms Export Control Act, except that this limitation may be exceeded only through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. TITLE V MULTILATERAL ASSISTANCE FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS AND PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 301 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, and of section 2 of the United Nations Environment Program Participation Act of 1973 (Public Law 93–188; 87 Stat. 713), $339,000,000: Provided, That section 307(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall not apply to contributions to the United Nations Democracy Fund. INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  
GLOBAL ENVIRONMENT FACILITY  For payment to the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development as trustee 
for the Global Environment Facility by the Secretary of the Treasury, $139,575,000, to remain available until expended. 
DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION  For payment to the International Development Association by the Secretary of the Treasury, $1,097,010,000, to remain available until expended. 
FUND  For payment to the Asian Development Bank’s Asian Development Fund by the Secretary of the Treasury, $47,395,000, to remain available until expended. 
BANK  For payment to the African Development Bank by the Secretary of the Treasury for the United States share of the paidin portion of the increase in capital stock, $32,418,000, to remain available until expended. 
SUBSCRIPTIONS  The United States Governor of the African Development Bank may subscribe without fiscal year limitation to the callable capital portion of the United States share of such capital stock in an amount not to exceed $507,860,808. 
FUND  For payment to the African Development Fund by the Secretary of the Treasury, $171,300,000, to remain available until expended. 
FOR AGRICULTURAL DEVELOPMENT  For payment to the International Fund for Agricultural Development by the Secretary of the Treasury, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended. TITLE VI EXPORT AND INVESTMENT ASSISTANCE EXPORT IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES  
INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $5,700,000, of which up to $855,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019. 
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  The ExportImport Bank of the United States is authorized to make such expenditures within the limits of funds and borrowing authority available to such corporation, and in accordance with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations, as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the program for the current fiscal year for such corporation: Provided, That none of the funds available during the current fiscal year may be used to make expenditures, contracts, or commitments for the export of nuclear equipment, fuel, or technology to any country, other than a nuclearweapon state as defined in Article IX of the Treaty on the NonProliferation of Nuclear Weapons eligible to receive economic or military assistance under this Act, that has detonated a nuclear explosive after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  For administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan and insurance programs, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and not to exceed $30,000 for official reception and representation expenses for members of the Board of Directors, not to exceed $110,000,000, of which up to $16,500,000 may remain available until September 30, 2019: Pro vided, That the ExportImport Bank (the Bank) may accept, and use, payment or services provided by transaction participants for legal, financial, or technical services in connection with any transaction for which an application for a loan, guarantee or insurance commitment has been made: Provided further, That the Bank shall charge fees for necessary expenses (including special services performed on a contract or fee basis, but not including other personal services) in connection with the collection of moneys owed the Bank, repossession or sale of pledged collateral or other assets acquired by the Bank in satisfaction of moneys owed the Bank, or the investigation or appraisal of any property, or the evaluation of the legal, financial, or technical aspects of any transaction for which an application for a loan, guarantee or insurance commitment has been made, or systems infrastructure directly supporting transactions: Provided further, That in addition to other funds appropriated for administrative expenses, such fees shall be credited to this account for such purposes, to remain available until expended. RECEIPTS COLLECTED  Receipts collected pursuant to the Export Import Bank Act of 1945 (Public Law 79–173) and the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990, in an amount not to exceed the amount appropriated herein, shall be credited as offsetting collections to this account: Provided, That the sums herein appropriated from the General Fund shall be reduced on a dollarfor dollar basis by such offsetting collections so as to result in a final fiscal year appropriation from the General Fund estimated at $0: Provided further, That amounts collected in fiscal year 2018 in excess of obligations, up to $10,000,000 shall become available on September 1, 2018, and shall remain available until September 30, 2021. OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION  
NONCREDIT ACCOUNT  The Overseas Private Investment Corporation is authorized to make, without regard to fiscal year limitations, as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, such expenditures and commitments within the limits of funds available to it and in accordance with law as may be necessary: Provided, That the amount available for administrative expenses to carry out the credit and insurance programs (including an amount for official reception and representation expenses which shall not exceed $35,000) shall not exceed $79,200,000: Provided further, That projectspecific transaction costs, including direct and indirect costs incurred in claims settlements, and other direct costs associated with services provided to specific investors or potential investors pursuant to section 234 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, shall not be considered administrative expenses for the purposes of this heading. 
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans as authorized by section 234 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $20,000,000, to be derived by transfer from the Overseas Private Investment Corporation Noncredit Account, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That funds so obligated in fiscal year 2018 remain available for disbursement through 2026; funds obligated in fiscal year 2019 remain available for disbursement through 2027; and funds obligated in fiscal year 2020 remain available for disbursement through 2028: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Overseas Private Investment Corporation is authorized to undertake any program authorized by title IV of chapter 2 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 in Iraq: Provided further, That funds made available pursuant to the authority of the previous proviso shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. In addition, such sums as may be necessary for administrative expenses to carry out the credit program may be derived from amounts available for administrative expenses to carry out the credit and insurance programs in the Overseas Private Investment Corporation Noncredit Account and merged with said account. TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT AGENCY  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 661 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, $79,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, not more than $5,000 may be available for representation and entertainment expenses. TITLE VII GENERAL PROVISIONS 
ALLOWANCES AND DIFFERENTIALS  SEC. 7001. Funds appropriated under title I of this Act shall be available, except as otherwise provided, for allowances and differentials as authorized by subchapter 59 of title 5, United States Code; for services as authorized by section 3109 of such title and for hire of passenger transportation pursuant to section 1343(b) of title 31, United States Code. 
UNOBLIGATED BALANCES REPORT  SEC. 7002. Any department or agency of the United States Government to which funds are appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations a quarterly accounting of cumulative unobligated balances and obligated, but unexpended, balances by program, project, and activity, and Treasury Account Fund Symbol of all funds received by such department or agency in fiscal year 2018 or any previous fiscal year, disaggregated by fiscal year: Provided, That the report required by this section shall be submitted not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter and should specify by account the amount of funds obligated pursuant to bilateral agreements which have not been further subobligated. 
CONSULTING SERVICES  SEC. 7003. The expenditure of any appropriation under title I of this Act for any consulting service through procurement contract, pursuant to section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under existing law, or under existing Executive Order issued pursuant to existing law. 
DIPLOMATIC FACILITIES  SEC. 7004. (a) C APITAL SECURITY COSTSHARINGINFORMATION .—The Secretary of State shall promptly inform the Committees on Appropriations of each instance in which a Federal department or agency is delinquent in providing the full amount of funding required by section 604(e) of the Secure Embassy Construction and Counterterrorism Act of 1999 (22 U.S.C. 4865 note). (b) EXCEPTION .—Notwithstanding paragraph (2) of section 604(e) of the Secure Embassy Construction and Counterterrorism Act of 1999 (title VI of division A of H.R. 3427, 
as enacted into law by section 1000(a)(7) of Public Law 106–113 and contained in appendix G of that Act), as amended by section 111 of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323), a project to construct a facility of the United States may include office space or other accommodations for members of the United States Marine Corps. (c) NEWDIPLOMATIC FACILITIES .—For the purposes of calculating the fiscal year 2018 costs of providing new United States diplomatic facilities in accordance with section 604(e) of the Secure Embassy Construction and Counterterrorism Act of 1999 (22 U.S.C. 4865 note), the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall determine the annual program level and agency shares in a manner that is proportional to the contribution of the Department of State for this purpose: Provided, That funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for departments and agencies of the United States Government shall be made available for the Capital Security Cost Sharing Program and the Maintenance Cost Sharing Program at levels not less than the prior fiscal year. (d) CONSULTATION AND NOTIFICATION .— Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, which may be made available for the acquisition of property or award of construction contracts for overseas United States diplomatic facilities during fiscal year 2018, shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That notifications pursuant to this subsection shall include the information enumerated under the heading ‘‘Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance’’ in House Report 115–253 and Senate Report 114– 290: Provided further, That any such notification for a new diplomatic facility justified to the Committees on Appropriations in the Congressional Budget Justification, Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, Fiscal Year 2018, or not previously justified to such Committees, shall also include confirmation that the Department of State has completed the requisite value engineering studies required pursuant to OMB Circular A–131, Value Engineering December 31, 2013 and the Bureau of Overseas Building Operations Policy and Procedure Directive, P&PD, Cost 02: Value Engineering. (e) INTERIM AND TEMPORARY FACILITIES  ABROAD .— (1) SECURITY VULNERABILITIES .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance’’ may be made available, following consultation with the appropriate congressional committees, to address security vulnerabilities at interim and temporary United States diplomatic facilities abroad, including physical security upgrades and local guard staffing, except that the amount of funds made available for such purposes from this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs shall be a minimum of $25,000,000. (2) CONSULTATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the opening, closure, or any significant modification to an interim or temporary United States diplomatic facility shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional committees and the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, except that such consultation and notification may be waived if there is a security risk to personnel. (f) TRANSFER OF FUNDS AUTHORITY .—Funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’, including for Worldwide Security Protection, and under the heading ‘‘Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance’’ in this Act may be transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated under such headings if the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that to do so is necessary to implement the recommendations of the Benghazi Accountability Review Board, or to prevent or respond to security situations and requirements, following consultation with, and subject to the regular notification procedures of, such Committees: Provided, That such transfer authority is in addition to any transfer authority otherwise available under any other provision of law. (g) SOFTTARGETS .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance’’ may be made available for security upgrades to soft targets, including schools, recreational facilities, and residences used by United States diplomatic personnel and their dependents, except that the amount made available for such purposes shall be a minimum of $10,000,000. (h) SECURE RESUPPLY AND MAINTENANCE .— The Secretary of State may not grant final approval for the construction of a new facility or substantial construction to improve or expand an existing facility in the United States by or for the Government of the People’s Republic of China until the Secretary certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that an agreement has been concluded between the Governments of the United States and the People’s Republic of China that permits secure resupply, maintenance, and new construction of United States Government facilities in the People’s Republic of China. (i) NEWEMBASSY COMPOUND KINSHASA .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Peacekeeping Operations’’ that are made available for the central Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, 25 percent shall be withheld from obligation until the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such Government has fully vacated the property purchased by the United States in Kinshasa for the construction of a New Embassy Compound. (j) REPORTS .— (1) None of the funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance’’ in this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, made available through Federal agency Capital Security Cost Sharing contributions and reimbursements, or generated from the proceeds of real property sales, other than from real property sales located in London, United Kingdom, may be made available for site acquisition and mitigation, planning, design, or construction of the New London Embassy: Provided, That the reporting requirement contained in section 7004(f)(2) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2012 (division I of Public Law 112–74) shall remain in effect during fiscal year 2018. (2) Within 45 days of enactment of this Act and every 4 months thereafter until September 30, 2019, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report on the new Mexico City Embassy, New Delhi Embassy, and Beirut Embassy projects: Provided, That such report shall include, for each of the projects— (A) a detailed breakout of the project factors that formed the basis of the initial cost estimate used to justify such project to the Committees on Appropriations, as described under the heading ‘‘Embassy Security, Construction, and Maintenance’’ in House Report 115–253; (B) a comparison of the current project factors as compared to the project factors submitted pursuant to subparagraph (A) of this subsection, and an explanation of any changes; and (C) the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations on project costs. PERSONNEL ACTIONS  SEC. 7005. Any costs incurred by a department or agency funded under title I of this Act resulting from personnel actions taken in response to funding reductions included in this Act shall be absorbed within the total budgetary resources available under title I to such department or agency: Provided, That the authority to transfer funds between appropriations accounts as may be necessary to carry out this section is provided in addition to authorities included elsewhere in this Act: Provided further, That use of funds to carry out this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 7015 of this Act. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE MANAGEMENT  SEC. 7006. (a) F INANCIAL SYSTEMS IMPROVE MENT .—Funds appropriated by this Act for the operations of the Department of State under the headings ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’ and ‘‘Capital Investment Fund’’ shall be made available to implement the recommendations contained in the Foreign Assistance Data Review Findings Report (FADR) and the Office of Inspector General (OIG) report entitled ‘‘Department Financial Systems Are Insufficient to Track and Report on Foreign Assistance Funds’’: Provided, That not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations an update to the plan required under section 7006 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31) for implementing the FADR and OIG recommendations: Provided further, That such funds may not be obligated for enhancements to, or expansions of, the Budget System Modernization Financial System, Central Resource Management System, Joint Financial Management System, or Foreign Assistance Coordination and Tracking System until such updated plan is submitted to the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That such funds may not be obligated for new, or expansion of existing, ad hoc electronic systems to track commitments, obligations, or expenditures of funds unless the Secretary of State, following consultation with the Chief Information Officer of the Department of State, has reviewed and certified that such new system or expansion is consistent with the FADR and OIG recommendations. (b) WORKING CAPITAL FUND.—Funds appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available to the Department of State for payments to the Working Capital Fund may only be used for the service centers included in the Congressional Budget Justification, Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, Fiscal Year 2018: Pro vided, That the amounts for such service centers shall be the amounts included in such budget justification, except as provided in section 7015(b) of this Act: Provided further, That Federal agency components shall be charged only for their direct usage of each Working Capital Fund service: Provided further, That prior to increasing the percentage charged to Department of State bureaus and offices for procurementrelated activities, the Secretary of State shall include the proposed increase in the Department of State budget justification or, at least 60 days prior to the increase, provide the Committees on 
Appropriations a justification for such increase, including a detailed assessment of the cost and benefit of the services provided by the procurement fee: Provided further, That Federal agency components may only pay for Working Capital Fund services that are consistent with the purpose and authorities of such components: Provided further, That the Working Capital Fund shall be paid in advance or reimbursed at rates which will return the full cost of each service. (c) CERTIFICATION .— (1) Not later than 45 days after the initial obligation of funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act that are made available to a Department of State bureau or office with responsibility for the management and oversight of such funds, the Secretary of State shall certify and report to the Committees on Appropriations, on an individual bureau or office basis, that such bureau or office is in compliance with Department and Federal financial and grants management policies, procedures, and regulations, as applicable. (2) When making a certification required by paragraph (1), the Secretary of State shall consider the capacity of a bureau or office to— (A) account for the obligated funds at the country and program level, as appropriate; (B) identify risks and develop mitigation and monitoring plans; (C) establish performance measures and indicators; (D) review activities and performance; and (E) assess final results and reconcile finances. (3) If the Secretary of State is unable to make a certification required by paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit a plan and timeline detailing the steps to be taken to bring such bureau or office into compliance. (4) The report accompanying a certification required by paragraph (1) shall include the requirements contained under this section in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). (d) REPORT ON SOLESOURCE AWARDS .—Not later than December 31, 2018, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees detailing all solesource awards made by the Department of State during the previous fiscal year in excess of $2,000,000: Provided, That such report should be posted on the Department of State Web site. 
CERTAIN COUNTRIES  SEC. 7007. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to titles III through VI of this Act shall be obligated or expended to finance directly any assistance or reparations for the governments of Cuba, North Korea, Iran, or Syria: Pro vided, That for purposes of this section, the prohibition on obligations or expenditures shall include direct loans, credits, insurance, and guarantees of the ExportImport Bank or its agents. 
COUPS D ’E´TAT SEC. 7008. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to titles III through VI of this Act shall be obligated or expended to finance directly any assistance to the government of any country whose duly elected head of government is deposed by military coup d’e´tat or decree or, after the date of enactment of this Act, a coup d’e´tat or decree in which the military plays a decisive role: Provided, That assistance may be resumed to such government if the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that subsequent to the termination of assistance a democratically elected government has taken office: Provided further, That the provisions of this section shall not apply to assistance to promote democratic elections or public participation in democratic processes: Provided further, That funds made available pursuant to the previous provisos shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. TRANSFER OF FUNDS AUTHORITY  SEC. 7009. (a) D EPARTMENT OF STATE AND  BROADCASTING BOARD OF GOVERNORS .— (1) DEPARTMENT OF STATE .—Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of State under title I of this Act may be transferred between, and merged with, such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers, and no such transfer may be made to increase the appropriation under the heading ‘‘Representation Expenses’’. (2) BROADCASTING BOARD OF GOVERNORS .— Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Broadcasting Board of Governors under title I of this Act may be transferred between, and merged with, such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers. (3) TREATMENT AS REPROGRAMMING .—Any transfer pursuant to this subsection shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 7015 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. (b) TITLE VI A GENCIES .—Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation, other than for administrative expenses made available for fiscal year 2018, for programs under title VI of this Act may be transferred between such appropriations for use for any of the purposes, programs, and activities for which the funds in such receiving account may be used, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 25 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the exercise of such authority shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (c) LIMITATION ON TRANSFERS OF FUNDS BETWEEN AGENCIES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—None of the funds made available under titles II through V of this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriations Act. (2) ALLOCATION AND TRANSFERS .—Notwith standing paragraph (1), in addition to transfers made by, or authorized elsewhere in, this Act, funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the purposes of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 may be allocated or transferred to agencies of the United States Government pursuant to the provisions of sections 109, 610, and 632 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. (3) NOTIFICATION .—Any agreement entered into by the United States Agency for International Development or the Department of State with any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government pursuant to section 632(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 valued in excess of $1,000,000 and any agreement made pursuant to section 632(a) of such Act, with funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the headings ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, ‘‘Development Assistance’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That the requirement in the previous sentence shall not apply to agreements entered into between USAID and the Department of State. (d) TRANSFER OF FUNDS BETWEEN ACCOUNTS .—None of the funds made available under titles II through V of this Act may be obligated under an appropriations account to which such funds were not appropriated, except for transfers specifically provided for in this Act, unless the President, not less than 5 days prior to the exercise of any authority contained in the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to transfer funds, consults with and provides a written policy justification to the Committees on Appropriations. (e) AUDIT OF INTER AGENCY TRANSFERS OF  FUNDS .—Any agreement for the transfer or allocation of funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations and related programs, entered into between the Department of State or USAID and another agency of the United States Government under the authority of section 632(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 or any comparable provision of law, shall expressly provide that the Inspector General (IG) for the agency receiving the transfer or allocation of such funds, or other entity with audit responsibility if the receiving agency does not have an IG, shall perform periodic program and financial audits of the use of such funds and report to the Department of State or USAID, as appropriate, upon completion of such audits: Provided, That such audits shall be transmitted to the Committees on Appropriations by the Department of State or USAID, as appropriate: Provided further, That funds transferred under such authority may be made available for the cost of such audits. (f) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator shall each submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations detailing all transfers to another agency of the United States Government made pursuant to sections 632(a) and 632(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 with funds provided in the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31) as of the date of enactment of this Act: Provided, That such reports shall include a list of each transfer made pursuant to such sections with the respective funding level, appropriation account, and the receiving agency. 
EXPENSES  SEC. 7010. (a) F IRSTCLASS TRAVEL .—None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for firstclass travel by employees of United States Government departments and agencies funded by this Act in contravention of section 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) COMPUTER NETWORKS .—None of the funds made available by this Act for the operating expenses of any United States Government department or agency may be used to establish or maintain a computer network for use by such department or agency unless such network has filters designed to block access to sexually explicit Web sites: Pro vided, That nothing in this subsection shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency, or any other entity carrying out the 
following activities: criminal investigations, prosecutions, and adjudications; administrative discipline; and the monitoring of such Web sites undertaken as part of official business. (c) PROHIBITION ON PROMOTION OF TOBACCO .—None of the funds made available by this Act should be available to promote the sale or export of tobacco or tobacco products, or to seek the reduction or removal by any foreign country of restrictions on the marketing of tobacco or tobacco products, except for restrictions which are not applied equally to all tobacco or tobacco products of the same type. 
AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS  SEC. 7011. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation after the expiration of the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided by this Act: Provided, That funds appropriated for the purposes of chapters 1 and 8 of part I, section 661, chapters 4, 5, 6, 8, and 9 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act, and funds provided under the headings ‘‘Development Credit Authority’’ and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ shall remain available for an additional 4 years from the date on which the availability of such funds would otherwise have expired, if such funds are initially obligated before the expiration of their respective periods of availability contained in this Act: Provided further, That the availability of funds pursuant to the previous proviso shall not be applicable to such funds until the Secretary of State submits the report required under section 7011 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2016 (division K of Public Law 114–113): Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, any funds made available for the purposes of chapter 1 of part I and chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 which are allocated or obligated for cash disbursements in order to address balance of payments or economic policy reform objectives, shall remain available for an additional 4 years from the date on which the availability of such funds would otherwise have expired, if such funds are initially allocated or obligated before the expiration of their respective periods of availability contained in this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary of State shall provide a report to the Committees on Appropriations not later than October 30, 2018, detailing by account and source year, the use of this authority during the previous fiscal year. 
DEFAULT  SEC. 7012. No part of any appropriation provided under titles III through VI in this Act shall be used to furnish assistance to the government of any country which is in default during a period in excess of 1 calendar year in payment to the United States of principal or interest on any loan made to the government of such country by the United States pursuant to a program for which funds are appropriated under this Act unless the President determines, following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations, that assistance for such country is in the national interest of the United States. 
ASSISTANCE  SEC. 7013. (a) P ROHIBITION ON TAXATION .— None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act may be made available to provide assistance for a foreign country under a new bilateral agreement governing the terms and conditions under which such assistance is to be provided unless such agreement includes a provision stating that assistance provided by the United States shall be exempt from taxation, or reimbursed, by the foreign government, and the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall expeditiously seek to negotiate amendments to existing bilateral agreements, as necessary, to conform with this requirement. (b) NOTIFICATION AND REIMBURSEMENT OF  FOREIGN TAXES .—An amount equivalent to 200 percent of the total taxes assessed during fiscal year 2018 on funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs by a foreign government or entity against United States assistance programs, either directly or through grantees, contractors, and subcontractors, shall be withheld from obligation from funds appropriated for assistance for fiscal year 2019 and for prior fiscal years and allocated for the central government of such country or for the West Bank and Gaza program, as applicable, if, not later than September 30, 2019, such taxes have not been reimbursed: Provided, That the Secretary of State shall report to the Committees on Appropriations by such date on the foreign governments and entities that have not reimbursed such taxes, including any amount of funds withheld pursuant to this subsection. (c) DEMINIMIS EXCEPTION .—Foreign taxes of a de minimis nature shall not be subject to the provisions of subsection (b). (d) REPROGRAMMING OF FUNDS .—Funds withheld from obligation for each foreign government or entity pursuant to subsection (b) shall be reprogrammed for assistance for countries which do not assess taxes on United States assistance or which have an effective arrangement that is providing substantial reimbursement of such taxes, and that can reasonably accommodate such assistance in a programmatically responsible manner. (e) DETERMINATIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The provisions of this section shall not apply to any foreign government or entity that assesses such taxes if the Secretary of State reports to the Committees on Appropriations that— (A) such foreign government or entity has an effective arrangement that is providing substantial reimbursement of such taxes; or (B) the foreign policy interests of the United States outweigh the purpose of this section to ensure that United States assistance is not subject to taxation. (2) CONSULTATION .—The Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations at least 15 days prior to exercising the authority of this subsection with regard to any foreign government or entity. (f) IMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary of State shall issue and update rules, regulations, or policy guidance, as appropriate, to implement the prohibition against the taxation of assistance contained in this section. (g) DEFINITIONS .—As used in this section: (1) BILATERAL AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘bilateral agreement’’ refers to a framework bilateral agreement between the Government of the United States and the government of the country receiving assistance that describes the privileges and immunities applicable to United States foreign assistance for such country generally, or an individual agreement between the Government of the United States and such government that describes, among other things, the treatment for tax purposes that will be accorded the United States assistance provided under that agreement. (2) TAXES AND TAXATION .—The term ‘‘taxes and taxation’’ shall include value added taxes and customs duties but shall not include individual income taxes assessed to local staff. (h) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the heads of other relevant agencies of the United States Government, shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations on the requirements contained under this section in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). 
RESERVATIONS OF FUNDS  SEC. 7014. (a) R EPROGRAMMING .—Funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act which are specifically designated may be reprogrammed for other programs within the same account notwithstanding the designation if compliance with the designation is made impossible by operation of any provision of this or any other Act: Provided, That any such reprogramming shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That assistance that is reprogrammed pursuant to this subsection shall be made available under the same terms and conditions as originally provided. (b) EXTENSION OF AVAILABILITY .—In addi tion to the authority contained in subsection (a), the original period of availability of funds appropriated by this Act and administered by the Department of State or the United States Agency for International Development that are specifically designated for particular programs or activities by this or any other Act may be extended for an additional fiscal year if the Secretary of State or the USAID Administrator, as appropriate, determines and reports promptly to the Committees on Appropriations that the termination of assistance to a country or a significant change in circumstances makes it unlikely that such designated funds can be obligated during the original period of availability: Provided, That such designated funds that continue to be available for an additional fiscal year shall be obligated only for the purpose of such designation. (c) OTHER ACTS.—Ceilings and specifically designated funding levels contained in this Act shall not be applicable to funds or authorities appropriated or otherwise made available by any subsequent Act unless such Act specifically so directs: Provided, That specifically designated funding levels or minimum funding requirements contained in any other Act shall not be applicable to funds appropriated by this Act. 
NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS  SEC. 7015. (a) N OTIFICATION OF CHANGES IN  PROGRAMS , PROJECTS , ANDACTIVITIES .—None of the funds made available in titles I and II of this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs to the departments and agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation in fiscal year 2018, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees or of currency reflows or other offsetting collections, or made available by transfer, to the departments and agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation to— (1) create new programs; (2) suspend or eliminate a program, project, or activity; (3) close, suspend, open, or reopen a mission or post; (4) create, close, reorganize, downsize, or rename bureaus, centers, or offices; or (5) contract out or privatize any functions or activities presently performed by Federal employees; unless previously justified to the Committees on Appropriations or such Committees 
are notified 15 days in advance of such obligation. (b) NOTIFICATION OF REPROGRAMMING OF  FUNDS .—None of the funds provided under titles I and II of this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, to the departments and agencies funded under titles I and II of this Act that remain available for obligation in fiscal year 2018, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the department and agency funded under title I of this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure for activities, programs, or projects through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $1,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that— (1) augments or changes existing programs, projects, or activities; (2) relocates an existing office or employees; (3) reduces by 10 percent funding for any existing program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent as approved by Congress; or (4) results from any general savings, including savings from a reduction in personnel, which would result in a change in existing programs, activities, or projects as approved by Congress; unless the Committees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds. (c) NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—None of the funds made available by this Act under the headings ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, ‘‘Development Assistance’’, ‘‘International Organizations and Programs’’, ‘‘Trade and Development Agency’’, ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, ‘‘Democracy Fund’’, ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, ‘‘Peacekeeping Operations’’, ‘‘Nonproliferation, Antiterrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, ‘‘Millennium Challenge Corporation’’, ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’, ‘‘International Military Education and Training’’, and ‘‘Peace Corps’’, shall be available for obligation for activities, programs, projects, type of materiel assistance, countries, or other operations not justified or in excess of the amount justified to the Committees on Appropriations for obligation under any of these specific headings unless the Committees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance of such obligation: Provided, That the President shall not enter into any commitment of funds appropriated for the purposes of section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act for the provision of major defense equipment, other than conventional ammunition, or other major defense items defined to be aircraft, ships, missiles, or combat vehicles, not previously justified to Congress or 20 percent in excess of the quantities justified to Congress unless the Committees on Appropriations are notified 15 days in advance of such commitment: Pro vided further, That requirements of this subsection or any similar provision of this or any other Act shall not apply to any reprogramming for an activity, program, or project for which funds are appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act of less than 10 percent of the amount previously justified to Congress for obligation for such activity, program, or project for the current fiscal year: Provided further, That any notification submitted pursuant to subsection (f) of this section shall include information (if known on the date of transmittal of such notification) on the use of notwithstanding authority: Provided further, That if subsequent to the notification of assistance it becomes necessary to rely on notwithstanding authority, the Committees on Appropriations should be informed at the earliest opportunity and to the extent practicable. (d) DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS  
ANDFUNDING NOTIFICATIONS .— (1) PROGRAMS .—None of the funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available to support or continue any program initially funded under any authority of title 10, United States Code, or any Act making or authorizing appropriations for the Department of Defense, unless the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and in accordance with the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, submits a justification to such Committees that includes a description of, and the estimated costs associated with, the support or continuation of such program. (2) FUNDING .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, with the exception of funds transferred to, and merged with, funds appropriated under title I of this Act, funds transferred by the Department of Defense to the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development for assistance for foreign countries and international organizations shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (e) WAIVER .—The requirements of this section or any similar provision of this Act or any other Act, including any prior Act requiring notification in accordance with the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, may be waived if failure to do so would pose a substantial risk to human health or welfare: Provided, That in case of any such waiver, notification to the Committees on Appropriations shall be provided as early as practicable, but in no event later than 3 days after taking the action to which such notification requirement was applicable, in the context of the circumstances necessitating such waiver: Pro vided further, That any notification provided pursuant to such a waiver shall contain an explanation of the emergency circumstances. (f) COUNTRY NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .— None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act may be obligated or expended for assistance for Afghanistan, Bahrain, Bolivia, Burma, Cambodia, Colombia, Cuba, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Ethiopia, Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Libya, Mexico, Pakistan, Philippines, the Russian Federation, Somalia, South Sudan, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Syria, Uzbekistan, Venezuela, Yemen, and Zimbabwe except as provided through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (g) TRUST FUNDS .—Funds appropriated or otherwise made available in title III of this Act and prior Acts making funds available for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that are made available for a trust fund held by an international financial institution as defined by section 7034(r)(3) of this Act shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That such notification shall include the information specified under this section in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). (h) OTHER PROGRAM NOTIFICATION REQUIRE MENT .— (1) DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR PROGRAMS .— Funds appropriated under title I of this Act under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’ that are made available for a pilot program for lateral entry into the Foreign Service shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. (2) OTHER PROGRAMS .—Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for the following programs and activities shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations— (A) The Global Engagement Center, except that the Secretary of State shall consult with the appropriate congressional committees prior to submitting such notification; (B) The Power Africa initiative, or any successor program; (C) Communitybased police assistance conducted pursuant to the authority of section 7049 of this Act; (D) Programs to counter foreign fighters and extremist organizations, pursuant to section 7073(a) of this Act; (E) The Relief and Recovery Fund; (F) The Global Security Contingency Fund; and (G) Programs to end modern slavery. (i) WITHHOLDING OF FUNDS .—Funds appropriated by this Act under titles III and IV that are withheld from obligation or otherwise not programmed as a result of application of a provision of law in this or any other Act shall, if reprogrammed, be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (j) REQUIREMENT TO INFORM , COORDINATE , 
ANDCONSULT .— (1) The Secretary of State shall promptly inform the appropriate congressional committees of each instance in which funds appropriated by this Act for assistance for Iraq, Libya, Somalia, and Syria, the Counterterrorism Partnership Fund, the Relief and Recovery Fund, and to counter extremism and foreign fighters abroad, have been diverted or destroyed, to include the type and amount of assistance, a description of the incident and parties involved, and an explanation of the response of the Department of State or USAID, as appropriate: Pro vided, That the Secretary shall ensure such funds are coordinated with, and complement, the programs of other United States Government departments and agencies and international partners in such countries and on such activities. (2) The Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations at least seven days prior to informing a government of, or publically announcing a decision on, the suspension of assistance to a country or a territory from funds appropriated by this Act or prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs. 
NOTIFICATION ON EXCESS DEFENSE EQUIPMENT  SEC. 7016. Prior to providing excess Department of Defense articles in accordance with section 516(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the Department of Defense shall notify the Committees on Appropriations to the same extent and under the same conditions as other committees pursuant to subsection (f) of that section: Provided, That be fore issuing a letter of offer to sell excess defense articles under the Arms Export Control Act, the Department of Defense shall notify the Committees on Appropriations in accordance with the regular notification procedures of such Committees if such defense articles are significant military equipment (as defined in section 47(9) of the Arms Export Control Act) or are valued (in terms of original acquisition cost) at $7,000,000 or more, or if notification is required elsewhere in this Act for the use of appropriated funds for specific countries that would receive such excess defense articles: Provided further, That such Committees shall also be informed of the original acquisition cost of such defense articles. 
INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS AND PROGRAMS  SEC. 7017. Subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, funds appropriated under titles I and III through V of this Act, which are returned or not made available for organizations and programs because of the implementation of section 307(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019: Provided, That the requirement to withhold funds for programs in Burma under section 307(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall not apply to funds appropriated by this Act. 
INVOLUNTARY STERILIZATION  SEC. 7018. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be used to pay for the performance of abortions as a method of family planning or to motivate or coerce any person to practice abortions. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be used to pay for the performance of involuntary sterilization as a method of family planning or to coerce or provide any financial incentive to any person to undergo sterilizations. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be used to pay for any biomedical research which relates in whole or in part, to methods of, or the performance of, abortions or involuntary sterilization as a means of family planning. None of the funds made available to carry out part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, may be obligated or expended for any country or organization if the President certifies that the use of these funds by any such country or organization would violate any of the above provisions related to abortions and involuntary sterilizations. 
ALLOCATIONS AND REPORTS  SEC. 7019. (a) A LLOCATION TABLES .—Subject to subsection (b), funds appropriated by this Act under titles III through V shall be made available in the amounts specifically designated in the respective tables included in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided, That such designated amounts for foreign countries and international organizations shall serve as the amounts for such countries and international organizations transmitted to Congress in the report required by section 653(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. (b) AUTHORIZED DEVIATIONS .—Unless otherwise provided for by this Act, the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, as applicable, may only deviate up to 4 percent from the amounts specifically designated in the respective tables included in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act): Provided, That such percentage may be exceeded only to respond to significant, exigent, or unforeseen events, or to address other exceptional circumstances directly related to the national interest: Provided further, That deviations pursuant to the previous proviso shall be subject to prior consultation with, and the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations. (c) LIMITATION .—For specifically designated amounts that are included, pursuant to subsection (a), in the report required by section 653(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, no deviations authorized by subsection (b) may take place until submission of such report. (d) EXCEPTIONS .— (1) Subsections (a) and (b) shall not apply to— (A) amounts designated for ‘‘International Military Education and Training’’ in the respective tables included in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act); and (B) funds for which the initial period of availability has expired. (2) The authority in subsection (b) to deviate below amounts designated in the respective tables included in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act) shall not apply to the table included under the heading ‘‘Global Health Programs’’ in such explanatory statement. (e) REPORTS .—The Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator, as appropriate, shall submit the reports required, in the manner described, in House Report 115–253, Senate Report 115–152, and the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act), unless directed otherwise in such explanatory statement. 
EXPENSES  SEC. 7020. (a) U SES OF FUNDS .—Each Federal department, agency, or entity funded in titles I or II of this Act, and the Department of the Treasury and independent agencies funded in titles III or VI of this Act, shall take steps to ensure that domestic and overseas representation and entertainment expenses further official agency business and United States foreign policy interests, and— (1) are primarily for fostering relations outside of the Executive Branch; (2) are principally for meals and events of a protocol nature; (3) are not for employeeonly events; and (4) do not include activities that are substantially of a recreational character. (b) LIMITATIONS .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act under the headings ‘‘International Military Education and Training’’ or ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’ for Informational Program activities or under the headings ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, ‘‘Development Assistance’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ may be obligated or expended to pay for— (1) alcoholic beverages; or (2) entertainment expenses for activities that are substantially of a recreational character, including entrance fees at sporting events, theatrical and musical productions, and amusement parks. 
SUPPORTING INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM  SEC. 7021. (a) L ETHAL MILITARY EQUIPMENT  EXPORTS .— (1) PROHIBITION .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by titles III through VI of this Act may be made available to any foreign government which provides lethal military equipment to a country the government of which the Secretary of State has determined supports international terrorism for purposes of section 6(j) of the Export Administration Act of 1979 as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act: Provided, That the prohibition under this section with respect to a foreign government shall terminate 12 months after that government ceases to provide such military equipment: Provided further, That this section applies with respect to lethal military equipment provided under a contract entered into after October 1, 1997. (2) DETERMINATION .—Assistance restricted by paragraph (1) or any other similar provision of law, may be furnished if the President determines that to do so is important to the national interest of the United States. (3) REPORT .—Whenever the President makes a determination pursuant to paragraph (2), the President shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report with respect to the furnishing of such assistance, including a detailed explanation of the assistance to be provided, the estimated dollar amount of such assistance, and an explanation of how the assistance furthers United States national interest. (b) BILATERAL ASSISTANCE .— (1) LIMITATIONS .—Funds appropriated for bilateral assistance in titles III through VI of this Act and funds appropriated under any such title in prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, shall not be made available to any foreign government which the President determines— (A) grants sanctuary from prosecution to any individual or group which has committed an act of international terrorism; (B) otherwise supports international terrorism; or (C) is controlled by an organization designated as a terrorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). (2) WAIVER .—The President may waive the application of paragraph (1) to a government if the President determines that national security or humanitarian reasons justify such waiver: Provided, That the President shall publish each such waiver in the Federal Register and, at least 15 days before the waiver takes effect, shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the waiver (including the justification for the waiver) in accordance with the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
AUTHORIZATION REQUIREMENTS  SEC. 7022. Funds appropriated by this Act, except funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Trade and Development Agency’’, may be obligated and expended notwithstanding section 10 of Public Law 91–672 (22 U.S.C. 2412), section 15 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2680), section 313 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1994 and 1995 (22 U.S.C. 6212), and section 504(a)(1) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094(a)(1)). 
ACTIVITY  SEC. 7023. For the purpose of titles II through VI of this Act ‘‘program, project, and activity’’ shall be defined at the appropriations Act account level and shall include all appropriations and authorizations Acts funding directives, ceilings, and limitations with the exception that for the following accounts: ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, and ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’, ‘‘program, project, and activity’’ shall also be considered to include country, regional, and central program level funding within each such account; and for the development assistance accounts of the United States Agency for International Development, ‘‘program, project, and activity’’ shall also be considered to include central, country, regional, and program level funding, either as— (1) justified to Congress; or (2) allocated by the Executive Branch in accordance with a report, to be provided to the Committees on Appropriations within 30 days after the enactment of this Act, as required by section 653(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 or as modified pursuant to section 7019 of this Act. 
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT FOUNDATION  SEC. 7024. Unless expressly provided to the contrary, provisions of this or any other Act, including provisions contained in prior Acts authorizing or making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs, shall not be construed to prohibit activities authorized by or conducted under the Peace Corps Act, the Inter American Foundation Act or the African Development Foundation Act: Provided, That prior to conducting activities in a country for which assistance is prohibited, the agency shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations and report to such Committees within 15 days of taking such action. 
COMMERCE , TRADE AND SURPLUS COMMODITIES  SEC. 7025. (a) W ORLD MARKETS .—None of the funds appropriated or made available pursuant to titles III through VI of this Act for direct assistance and none of the funds otherwise made available to the ExportImport Bank and the Overseas Private Investment Corporation shall be obligated or expended to finance any loan, any assistance, or any other financial commitments for establishing or expanding production of any commodity for export by any country other than the United States, if the commodity is likely to be in surplus on world markets at the time the resulting productive capacity is expected to become operative and if the assistance will cause substantial injury to United States producers of the same, similar, or competing commodity: Provided, That such prohibition shall not apply to the ExportImport Bank if in the judgment of its Board of Directors the benefits to industry and employment in the United States are likely to outweigh the injury to United States producers of the same, similar, or competing commodity, and the Chairman of the Board so notifies the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That this subsection shall not prohibit— (1) activities in a country that is eligible for assistance from the International Development Association, is not eligible for assistance from the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, and does not export on a consistent basis the agricultural commodity with respect to which assistance is furnished; or (2) activities in a country the President determines is recovering from widespread conflict, a humanitarian crisis, or a complex emergency. (b) EXPORTS .—None of the funds appropriated by this or any other Act to carry out chapter 1 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall be available for any testing or breeding feasibility study, variety improvement or introduction, consultancy, publication, conference, or training in connection with the growth or production in a foreign country of an agricultural commodity for export which would compete with a similar commodity grown or produced in the United States: Provided, That this subsection shall not prohibit— (1) activities designed to increase food security in developing countries where such activities will not have a significant impact on the export of agricultural commodities of the United States; (2) research activities intended primarily to benefit United States producers; (3) activities in a country that is eligible for assistance from the International Development Association, is not eligible for assistance from the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, and does not export on a consistent basis the agricultural commodity with respect to which assistance is furnished; or (4) activities in a country the President determines is recovering from widespread conflict, a humanitarian crisis, or a complex emergency. (c) INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL INSTITU TIONS .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive directors of the international financial institutions, as defined in section 7034(r)(3) of this Act, to use the voice and vote of the United States to oppose any assistance by such institutions, using funds appropriated or made available by this Act, for the production or extraction of any commodity or mineral for export, if it is in surplus on world markets and if the assistance will cause substantial injury to United States producers of the same, similar, or competing commodity. 
SEPARATE ACCOUNTS  SEC. 7026. (a) S EPARATE ACCOUNTS FOR  LOCAL CURRENCIES .— (1) AGREEMENTS .—If assistance is furnished to the government of a foreign country under chapters 1 and 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 under agreements which result in the generation of local currencies of that country, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall— (A) require that local currencies be deposited in a separate account established by that government; (B) enter into an agreement with that government which sets forth— (i) the amount of the local currencies to be generated; and (ii) the terms and conditions under which the currencies so deposited may be utilized, consistent with this section; and (C) establish by agreement with that government the responsibilities of USAID and that government to monitor and account for deposits into and disbursements from the separate account. (2) USES OF LOCAL CURRENCIES .—As may be agreed upon with the foreign government, local currencies deposited in a separate account pursuant to subsection (a), or an equivalent amount of local currencies, shall be used only— (A) to carry out chapter 1 or 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (as the case may be), for such purposes as— (i) project and sector assistance activities; or (ii) debt and deficit financing; or (B) for the administrative requirements of the United States Government. (3) PROGRAMMING ACCOUNTABILITY .—USAID shall take all necessary steps to ensure that the equivalent of the local currencies disbursed pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(A) from the separate account established pursuant to subsection (a)(1) are used for the purposes agreed upon pursuant to subsection (a)(2). (4) TERMINATION OF ASSISTANCE PRO GRAMS .—Upon termination of assistance to a country under chapter 1 or 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (as the case may be), any unencumbered balances of funds which remain in a separate account established pursuant to subsection (a) shall be disposed of for such purposes as may be agreed to by the government of that country and the United States Government. (5) REPORT .—The USAID Administrator shall report as part of the congressional budget justification submitted to the Committees on Appropriations on the use of local currencies for the administrative requirements of the United States Government as authorized in subsection (a)(2)(B), and such report shall include the amount of local currency (and United States dollar equivalent) used or to be used for such purpose in each applicable country. (b) SEPARATE ACCOUNTS FOR CASHTRANS FERS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—If assistance is made available to the government of a foreign country, under chapter 1 or 10 of part I or chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as cash transfer assistance or as nonproject sector assistance, that country shall be required to maintain such funds in a separate account and not commingle with any other funds. (2) APPLICABILITY OF OTHER PROVISIONS OF  
LAW.—Such funds may be obligated and expended notwithstanding provisions of law which are inconsistent with the nature of this assistance including provisions which are referenced in the Joint Explanatory Statement of the Committee of Conference accompanying House Joint Resolution 648 (House Report No. 98–1159). (3) NOTIFICATION .—At least 15 days prior to obligating any such cash transfer or nonproject sector assistance, the President shall submit a notification through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, which shall include a detailed description of how the funds proposed to be made available will be used, with a discussion of the United States interests that will be served by such assistance (including, as appropriate, a description of the economic policy reforms that will be promoted by such assistance). (4) EXEMPTION .—Nonproject sector assistance funds may be exempt from the requirements of paragraph (1) only through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. 
ELIGIBILITY FOR ASSISTANCE  SEC. 7027. (a) A SSISTANCE THROUGH NONGOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZATIONS .—Restric tions contained in this or any other Act with respect to assistance for a country shall not be construed to restrict assistance in support of programs of nongovernmental organizations from funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the provisions of chapters 1, 10, 11, and 12 of part I and chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and from funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’: Provided, That before using the authority of this subsection to furnish assistance in support of programs of nongovernmental organizations, the President shall notify the Committees on Appropriations pursuant to the regular notification procedures, including a description of the program to be assisted, the assistance to be provided, and the reasons for furnishing such assistance: Provided further, That nothing in this subsection shall be construed to alter any existing statutory prohibitions against abortion or involuntary sterilizations contained in this or any other Act. (b) PUBLIC LAW480.—During fiscal year 2018, restrictions contained in this or any other Act with respect to assistance for a country shall not be construed to restrict assistance under the Food for Peace Act (Public Law 83–480; 7 U.S.C. 1721 et seq.): Provided, That none of the funds appropriated to carry out title I of such Act and made available pursuant to this subsection may be obligated or expended except as provided through the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (c) EXCEPTION .—This section shall not apply— (1) with respect to section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 or any comparable provision of law prohibiting assistance to countries that support international terrorism; or 
(2) with respect to section 116 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 or any comparable provision of law prohibiting assistance to the government of a country that violates internationally recognized human rights. 
LOCAL COMPETITION  SEC. 7028. (a) R EQUIREMENTS FOR EXCEP TIONS TO COMPETITION FOR LOCAL ENTITIES .— Funds appropriated by this Act that are made available to the United States Agency for International Development may only be made available for limited competitions through local entities if— (1) prior to the determination to limit competition to local entities, USAID has— (A) assessed the level of local capacity to effectively implement, manage, and account for programs included in such competition; and (B) documented the written results of the assessment and decisions made; and (2) prior to making an award after limiting competition to local entities— (A) each successful local entity has been determined to be responsible in accordance with USAID guidelines; and (B) effective monitoring and evaluation systems are in place to ensure that award funding is used for its intended purposes; and (3) no level of acceptable fraud is assumed. (b) REPORT .—In addition to the requirements of subsection (a)(1), the USAID Administrator shall report to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 45 days after the end of fiscal year 2018 on all awards subject to limited or no competition for local entities: Provided, That such report shall be posted on the USAID Web site: Pro vided further, That the requirements of this subsection shall only apply to awards in excess of $3,000,000 and sole source awards to local entities in excess of $2,000,000. (c) EXTENSION OF PROCUREMENT AUTHOR ITY.—Section 7077 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2012 (division I of Public Law 112–74) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2018. 
INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  SEC. 7029. (a) E VALUATIONS AND REPORT .— The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to seek to require that such institution adopts and implements a publicly available policy, including the strategic use of peer reviews and external experts, to conduct independent, in depth evaluations of the effectiveness of at least 25 percent of all loans, grants, programs, and significant analytical nonlending activities in advancing the institution’s goals of reducing poverty and promoting equitable economic growth, consistent with relevant safeguards, to ensure that decisions to support such loans, grants, programs, and activities are based on accurate data and objective analysis: Provided, That not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations on steps taken in fiscal year 2017 by the United States executive directors and the international financial institutions consistent with this subsection compared to the previous fiscal year. (b) SAFEGUARDS .— (1) The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States Executive Director of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the International Development Association to vote against any loan, grant, policy, or strategy if such institution has adopted and is implementing any social or environmental safeguard relevant to such loan, grant, policy, or strategy that provides less protection than World Bank safeguards in effect on September 30, 2015. (2) The Secretary of the Treasury should instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to vote against loans or other financing for projects unless such projects— (A) provide for accountability and transparency, including the collection, verification and publication of beneficial ownership information related to extractive industries and onsite monitoring during the life of the project; (B) will be developed and carried out in accordance with best practices regarding environmental conservation; cultural protection; and empowerment of local populations, including free, prior and informed consent of affected indigenous communities; (C) do not provide incentives for, or facilitate, forced displacement; and (D) do not partner with or otherwise involve enterprises owned or controlled by the armed forces. (c) COMPENSATION .—None of the funds appropriated under title V of this Act may be made as payment to any international financial institution while the United States executive director to such institution is compensated by the institution at a rate which, together with whatever compensation such executive director receives from the United States, is in excess of the rate provided for an individual occupying a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, or while any alternate United States executive director to such institution is compensated by the institution at a rate in excess of the rate provided for an individual occupying a position at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. (d) HUMAN RIGHTS .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to seek to require that such institution conducts rigorous human rights due diligence and risk management, as appropriate, in connection with any loan, grant, policy, or strategy of such institution: Provided, That prior to voting on any such loan, grant, policy, or strategy the executive director shall consult with the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State, if the executive director has reason to believe that such loan, grant, policy, or strategy could result in forced displacement or other violation of human rights. (e) FRAUD AND CORRUPTION .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to promote in loan, grant, and other financing agreements improvements in borrowing countries’ financial management and judicial capacity to investigate, prosecute, and punish fraud and corruption. (f) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP INFORMATION .— The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to seek to require that such institution collects, verifies, and publishes, to the maximum extent practicable, beneficial ownership information (excluding proprietary information) for any corporation or limited liability company, other than a publicly listed company, that receives funds from any such financial institution: Provided, That not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations on steps taken in fiscal year 2017 by the United States executive directors and the international financial institutions consistent with this subsection compared to the previous fiscal year. (g) WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to seek to require that each such institution is effectively implementing and enforcing policies and procedures which reflect best practices for the protection of whistleblowers from retaliation, including best practices for— (1) protection against retaliation for internal and lawful public disclosure; (2) legal burdens of proof; (3) statutes of limitation for reporting retaliation; (4) access to independent adjudicative bodies, including external arbitration; and (5) results that eliminate the effects of proven retaliation. DEBT FORDEVELOPMENT  SEC. 7030. In order to enhance the continued participation of nongovernmental organizations in debtfordevelopment and debt fornature exchanges, a nongovernmental organization which is a grantee or contractor of the United States Agency for International Development may place in interest bearing accounts local currencies which accrue to that organization as a result of economic assistance provided under title III of this Act and, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations, any interest earned on such investment shall be used for the purpose for which the assistance was provided to that organization. 
TRANSPARENCY  SEC. 7031. (a) L IMITATION ON DIRECT GOVERNMENT TOGOVERNMENT ASSISTANCE .— (1) REQUIREMENTS .—Funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for direct governmenttogovernment assistance only if— (A)(i) each implementing agency or ministry to receive assistance has been assessed and is considered to have the systems required to manage such assistance and any identified vulnerabilities or weaknesses of such agency or ministry have been addressed; (ii) the recipient agency or ministry employs and utilizes staff with the necessary technical, financial, and management capabilities; (iii) the recipient agency or ministry has adopted competitive procurement policies and systems; (iv) effective monitoring and evaluation systems are in place to ensure that such assistance is used for its intended purposes; (v) no level of acceptable fraud is assumed; and (vi) the government of the recipient country is taking steps to publicly disclose on an annual basis its national budget, to include income and expenditures; (B) the recipient government is in compliance with the principles set forth in section 7013 of this Act; (C) the recipient agency or ministry is not headed or controlled by an organization designated as a foreign terrorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); (D) the Government of the United States and the government of the recipient country have agreed, in writing, on clear and achievable objectives for the use of such assistance, which should be made available on a costreimbursable basis; and (E) the recipient government is taking steps to protect the rights of civil society, including freedoms of expression, association, and assembly. (2) CONSULTATION AND NOTIFICATION .—In ad dition to the requirements in paragraph (1), no funds may be made available for direct governmenttogovernment assistance without prior consultation with, and notification 
of, the Committees on Appropriations: Pro vided, That such notification shall contain an explanation of how the proposed activity meets the requirements of paragraph (1): Pro vided further, That the requirements of this paragraph shall only apply to direct governmenttogovernment assistance in excess of $10,000,000 and all funds available for cash transfer, budget support, and cash payments to individuals. (3) SUSPENSION OF ASSISTANCE .—The Ad ministrator of the United States Agency for International Development or the Secretary of State, as appropriate, shall suspend any direct governmenttogovernment assistance if the Administrator or the Secretary has credible information of material misuse of such assistance, unless the Administrator or the Secretary reports to the Committees on Appropriations that it is in the national interest of the United States to continue such assistance, including a justification, or that such misuse has been appropriately addressed. (4) SUBMISSION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec retary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations, concurrent with the fiscal year 2019 congressional budget justification materials, amounts planned for assistance described in paragraph (1) by country, proposed funding amount, source of funds, and type of assistance. (5) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act and every 6 months thereafter until September 30, 2019, the USAID Administrator shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report that— (A) details all assistance described in paragraph (1) provided during the previous 6 month period by country, funding amount, source of funds, and type of such assistance; and (B) the type of procurement instrument or mechanism utilized and whether the assistance was provided on a reimbursable basis. (6) DEBT SERVICE PAYMENT PROHIBITION .— None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the government of any foreign country for debt service payments owed by any country to any international financial institution: Provided, That for purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘‘international financial institution’’ has the meaning given the term in section 7034(r)(3) of this Act. (b) NATIONAL BUDGET AND CONTRACT  TRANSPARENCY .— (1) MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS OF FISCAL  
TRANSPARENCY .—The Secretary of State shall continue to update and strengthen the ‘‘minimum requirements of fiscal transparency’’ for each government receiving assistance appropriated by this Act, as identified in the report required by section 7031(b) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2014 (division K of Public Law 113– 76). (2) DEFINITION .—For purposes of paragraph (1), ‘‘minimum requirements of fiscal transparency’’ are requirements consistent with those in subsection (a)(1), and the public disclosure of national budget documentation (to include receipts and expenditures by ministry) and government contracts and licenses for natural resource extraction (to include bidding and concession allocation practices). (3) DETERMINATION AND REPORT .—For each government identified pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary of State, not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, shall make or update any determination of ‘‘significant progress’’ or ‘‘no significant progress’’ in meeting the minimum requirements of fiscal transparency, and make such determinations publicly available in an annual ‘‘Fiscal Transparency Report’’ to be posted on the Department of State Web site: Provided, That the Secretary shall identify the significant progress made by each such government to publicly disclose national budget documentation, contracts, and licenses which are additional to such information disclosed in previous fiscal years, and include specific recommendations of short and longterm steps such government should take to improve fiscal transparency: Provided further, That the annual report shall include a detailed description of how funds appropriated by this Act are being used to improve fiscal transparency, and identify benchmarks for measuring progress. (4) ASSISTANCE .—Funds appropriated under title III of this Act shall be made available for programs and activities to assist governments identified pursuant to paragraph (1) to improve budget transparency and to support civil society organizations in such countries that promote budget transparency: Provided, That such sums shall be in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes: Pro vided further, That a description of the uses of such funds shall be included in the annual ‘‘Fiscal Transparency Report’’ required by paragraph (3). (c) ANTIKLEPTOCRACY AND HUMAN  RIGHTS .— (1) INELIGIBILITY .— (A) Officials of foreign governments and their immediate family members about whom the Secretary of State has credible information have been involved in significant corruption, including corruption related to the extraction of natural resources, or a gross violation of human rights shall be ineligible for entry into the United States. (B) The Secretary shall also publicly or privately designate or identify officials of foreign governments and their immediate family members about whom the Secretary has such credible information without regard to whether the individual has applied for a visa. (2) EXCEPTION .—Individuals shall not be ineligible if entry into the United States would further important United States law enforcement objectives or is necessary to permit the United States to fulfill its obligations under the United Nations Headquarters Agreement: Provided, That nothing in paragraph (1) shall be construed to derogate from United States Government obligations under applicable international agreements. (3) WAIVER .—The Secretary may waive the application of paragraph (1) if the Secretary determines that the waiver would serve a compelling national interest or that the circumstances which caused the individual to be ineligible have changed sufficiently. (4) REPORT .—Not later than 6 months after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report, including a classified annex if necessary, to the Committees on Appropriations and the Committees on the Judiciary describing the information related to corruption or violation of human rights concerning each of the individuals found ineligible in the previous 12 months pursuant to paragraph (1)(A) as well as the individuals who the Secretary designated or identified pursuant to paragraph (1)(B), or who would be ineligible but for the application of paragraph (2), a list of any waivers provided under paragraph (3), and the justification for each waiver. (5) POSTING OF REPORT .—Any unclassified portion of the report required under paragraph (4) shall be posted on the Department of State Web site. (6) CLARIFICATION .—For purposes of paragraphs (1)(B), (4), and (5), the records of the Department of State and of diplomatic and consular offices of the United States pertaining to the issuance or refusal of visas or permits to enter the United States shall not be considered confidential. (d) NETWORKS OF CORRUPTION .—If the Secretary of State has credible information of networks of corruption involving the participation of, or support from, a senior official in a country that receives assistance funded by this Act under titles III or IV, the Secretary shall update the report on such networks required by section 7031(d) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31). (e) EXTRACTION OF NATURAL RESOURCES .— (1) ASSISTANCE .—Funds appropriated by this Act shall be made available to promote and support transparency and accountability of expenditures and revenues related to the extraction of natural resources, including by strengthening implementation and monitoring of the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative, implementing and enforcing section 8204 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246; 122 Stat. 2052) and the amendments made by such section, and to prevent the sale of conflict diamonds, and provide technical assistance to promote independent audit mechanisms and support civil society participation in natural resource management. (2) UNITED STATES POLICY .— (A) The Secretary of the Treasury shall inform the management of the international financial institutions, and post on the Department of the Treasury Web site, that it is the policy of the United States to vote against any assistance by such institutions (including any loan, credit, grant, or guarantee) to any country for the extraction and export of a natural resource if the government of such country has in place laws, regulations, or procedures to prevent or limit the public disclosure of company payments as required by United States law, and unless such government has adopted laws, regulations, or procedures in the sector in which assistance is being considered for— (i) accurately accounting for and public disclosure of payments to the host government by companies involved in the extraction and export of natural resources; (ii) the independent auditing of accounts receiving such payments and public disclosure of the findings of such audits; and (iii) public disclosure of such documents as Host Government Agreements, Concession Agreements, and bidding documents, allowing in any such dissemination or disclosure for the redaction of, or exceptions for, information that is commercially proprietary or that would create competitive disadvantage. (B) The requirements of subparagraph (A) shall not apply to assistance for the purpose of building the capacity of such government to meet the requirements of this subparagraph. (f) FOREIGN ASSISTANCE WEBSITE.—Funds appropriated by this Act under titles I and II, and funds made available for any independent agency in title III, as appropriate, shall be made available to support the provision of additional information on United States Government foreign assistance on the Department of State foreign assistance Web site: Provided, That all Federal agencies funded under this Act shall provide such information on foreign assistance, upon request, to the Department of State. 
DEMOCRACY PROGRAMS  SEC. 7032. (a) F UNDING .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Development Assistance’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, ‘‘Democracy Fund’’, ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, and ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, not less than $2,308,517,000 shall be made available for democracy programs. 
(2) P ROGRAMS .—Of the funds made available for democracy programs pursuant to paragraph (1), the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State, shall administer an amount not less than the amount administered in fiscal year 2017 under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’. (b) AUTHORITY .—Funds made available by this Act for democracy programs may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law, and with regard to the National Endowment for Democracy, any regulation. (c) DEFINITION OF DEMOCRACY PROGRAMS .— For purposes of funds appropriated by this Act, the term ‘‘democracy programs’’ means programs that support good governance, credible and competitive elections, freedom of expression, association, assembly, and religion, human rights, labor rights, independent media, and the rule of law, and that otherwise strengthen the capacity of democratic political parties, governments, nongovernmental organizations and institutions, and citizens to support the development of democratic states, and institutions that are responsive and accountable to citizens. (d) PROGRAM PRIORITIZATION .—Funds made available pursuant to this section that are made available for programs to strengthen government institutions shall be prioritized for those institutions that demonstrate a commitment to democracy and the rule of law, as determined by the Secretary of State or the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, as appropriate. (e) RESTRICTION ON PRIOR APPROVAL .—With respect to the provision of assistance for democracy programs in this Act, the organizations implementing such assistance, the specific nature of that assistance, and the participants in such programs shall not be subject to the prior approval by the government of any foreign country: Provided, That the Secretary of State, in coordination with the USAID Administrator, shall report to the Committees on Appropriations, not later than 120 days after enactment of this Act, detailing steps taken by the Department of State and USAID to comply with the requirements of this subsection. (f) CONTINUATION OF CURRENT PRACTICES .— USAID shall continue to implement civil society and political competition and consensus building programs abroad with funds appropriated by this Act in a manner that recognizes the unique benefits of grants and cooperative agreements in implementing such programs: Provided, That nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to affect the ability of any entity, including United States small businesses, from competing for proposals for USAIDfunded civil society and political competition and consensus building programs. (g) COUNTRY STRATEGY REVIEWS .—Prior to the obligation of funds made available by this Act for Department of State and USAID democracy programs for a nondemocratic or democratic transitioning country for which a country strategy has been concluded after the date of enactment of this Act, as required by section 2111(c)(1) of the ADVANCE Democracy Act of 2007 (title XXI of Public Law 110–53; 22 U.S.C. 8211) or similar provision of law or regulation, the Under Secretary for Civilian Security, Democracy and Human Rights, Department of State, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State, and the Assistant Administrator for Democracy, Conflict, and Humanitarian Assistance, USAID, shall review such strategy to ensure that it includes— (1) specific goals and objectives for such program, including a specific plan and timeline to measure impacts; (2) an assessment of the risks associated with the conduct of such program to intended beneficiaries and implementers, including steps to support and protect such individuals; and (3) the funding requirements to initiate and sustain such program in fiscal year 2018 and subsequent fiscal years, as appropriate: Provided, That for the purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘nondemocratic or democratic transitioning country’’ shall have the same meaning as in section 2104(6) of the ADVANCE Democracy Act of 2007. (h) COMMUNICATION AND REPORTS .— (1) INFORMING THE NATIONAL ENDOWMENT  
FOR DEMOCRACY .—The Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State, and the Assistant Administrator for Democracy, Conflict, and Humanitarian Assistance, USAID, shall regularly inform the National Endowment for Democracy of democracy programs that are planned and supported by funds made available by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs. (2) REPORTS .— (A) FUNDING INSTRUMENTS .—Not later than September 30, 2018, the Secretary of State and USAID Administrator shall each submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report detailing the use of contracts, grants, and cooperative agreements in the conduct of democracy programs with funds made available by the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31), which shall include funding level, account, program sector and subsector, and a brief summary of purpose. (B) PROGRAM CHANGES .—The Secretary of State or the USAID Administrator, as appropriate, shall report to the appropriate congressional committees within 30 days of a decision to significantly change the objectives or the content of a democracy program or to close such a program due to the increasingly repressive nature of the host country government: Provided, That the report shall also include a strategy for continuing support for democracy promotion, if such programming is feasible, and may be submitted in classified form, if necessary. (i) PROTECTION OF CIVILSOCIETY ACTIVISTS  
ANDJOURNALISTS .— (1) PLAN.—Not later than 120 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a diplomatic and programmatic action plan to support and protect civil society activists and journalists who have been threatened, harassed, or attacked for peacefully exercising their rights of free expression, association, or assembly: Provided, That the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor (DRL), Department of State, shall develop such action plan in coordination with the relevant bureaus and offices of the Department of State and USAID. (2) FUNDS .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘Democracy Fund’’, not less than $10,000,000 shall be made available for programs and activities to implement the action plan described in paragraph (1): Pro vided, That such funds may only be made available following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That such funds shall be allocated to, and administered by, DRL and relevant bureaus and offices of the Department of State and USAID, and are in addition to amounts otherwise made available for such purposes. INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM  SEC. 7033. (a) I NTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS  FREEDOM OFFICE AND SPECIAL ENVOY TO PROMOTE RELIGIOUS FREEDOM .— (1) OPERATIONS .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’ shall be made available for the Office of International Religious Freedom, Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State, the Office of the AmbassadoratLarge for International Religious Freedom, and the Special Envoy to Promote Religious Freedom of Religious Minorities in the Near East and South Central Asia, as authorized in the Near East and South Central Asia Religious Freedom Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–161), including for support staff at not less than the amounts specified for such offices in the table under such heading in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act). (2) CURRICULUM .—Funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’ and designated for the Office of International Religious Freedom shall be made available for the development and implementation of an international religious freedom curriculum in accordance with section 708(a)(2) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4028(a)(2)). (b) ASSISTANCE .— (1) INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM PRO GRAMS .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Democracy Fund’’ and available for the Human Rights and Democracy Fund, not less than $10,000,000 shall be made available for international religious freedom programs: Provided, That the AmbassadoratLarge for International Religious Freedom shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on the uses of such funds. (2) PROTECTION AND INVESTIGATION PRO GRAMS .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, not less than $10,000,000 shall be made available for programs to protect vulnerable and persecuted religious minorities: Pro vided, That a portion of such funds shall be made available for programs to investigate the persecution of such minorities by governments and nonstate actors and for the public dissemination of information collected on such persecution, including on the Department of State Web site. (3) HUMANITARIAN PROGRAMS .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘International Disaster Assistance’’ and ‘‘Migration and Refugee Assistance’’ shall be made available for humanitarian assistance for vulnerable and persecuted religious minorities, including victims of genocide designated by the Secretary of State and other groups that have suffered crimes against humanity and ethnic cleansing, to— (A) facilitate the implementation of an immediate, coordinated, and sustained response to provide humanitarian assistance; (B) enhance protection of conflict victims, including those facing a dire humanitarian crisis and severe persecution because of their faith or ethnicity; and (C) improve access to secure locations for obtaining humanitarian and resettlement services. (4) TRANSITIONAL JUSTICE , RECONCILIATION , 
AND REINTEGRATION PROGRAMS .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act that are made available for the Relief and Recovery Fund, not less than $5,000,000 shall be made available to support transitional justice, reconciliation, and reintegration programs for vulnerable and persecuted religious minorities, including in the Middle East and North Africa regions: Provided, That such funds 
shall be matched, to the maximum extent practicable, from sources other than the United States Government. (5) RESPONSIBILITY FOR FUNDS .—Funds made available by paragraphs (1) and (2) shall be the responsibility of the AmbassadoratLarge for International Religious Freedom, in consultation with other relevant United States Government officials. (c) INTERNATIONAL BROADCASTING .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Broadcasting Board of Governors, International Broadcasting Operations’’ shall be made available for programs related to international religious freedom, including reporting on the condition of vulnerable and persecuted religious groups. (d) ATROCITIES PREVENTION .—Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, not less than $5,000,000 shall be made available for programs to prevent atrocities, including to implement recommendations of the Atrocities Prevention Board: Provided, That the Under Secretary for Civilian Security, Democracy, and Human Rights, Department of State, shall be responsible for providing the strategic policy direction for, and policy oversight of, funds made available pursuant to this subsection to the Bureaus of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs and Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State: Provided further, That such funds shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (e) FUNDING CLARIFICATION .—Funds made available pursuant to subsections (b) and (d) are in addition to amounts otherwise made available for such purposes. 
SPECIAL PROVISIONS  SEC. 7034. (a) V ICTIMS OF WAR, DISPLACED  CHILDREN , AND DISPLACED BURMESE .—Funds appropriated in titles III and VI of this Act that are made available for victims of war, displaced children, displaced Burmese, and to combat trafficking in persons and assist victims of such trafficking, may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law. (b) LAWENFORCEMENT AND SECURITY .— (1) CHILD SOLDIERS .—Funds appropriated by this Act should not be used to support any military training or operations that include child soldiers. (2) CROWD CONTROL ITEMS .—Funds appropriated by this Act should not be used for tear gas, small arms, light weapons, ammunition, or other items for crowd control purposes for foreign security forces that use excessive force to repress peaceful expression, association, or assembly in countries undergoing democratic transition. (3) DISARMAMENT , DEMOBILIZATION , AND RE INTEGRATION .—Section 7034(d) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2018. (4) FORENSIC ASSISTANCE .— (A) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, not less than $8,000,000 shall be made available for forensic anthropology assistance related to the exhumation and identification of victims of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide, which shall be administered by the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State: Provided, That such funds shall be in addition to funds made available by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for assistance for countries. (B) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, not less than $6,000,000 shall be made available for DNA forensic technology programs to combat human trafficking in Central America and Mexico. (5) INTERNATIONAL PRISON CONDITIONS .— Section 7065 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2018. (6) RECONSTITUTING CIVILIAN POLICE AU THORITY .—In providing assistance with funds appropriated by this Act under section 660(b)(6) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, support for a nation emerging from instability may be deemed to mean support for regional, district, municipal, or other sub national entity emerging from instability, as well as a nation emerging from instability. (7) SECURITY ASSISTANCE REPORT .—Not later than 120 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a report on funds obligated and expended during fiscal year 2017, by country and purpose of assistance, under the headings ‘‘Peacekeeping Operations’’, ‘‘International Military Education and Training’’, and ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’. (8) FOREIGN MILITARY SALES AND FOREIGN  
MILITARY FINANCING PROGRAM .— (A) AVAILABILITY .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’ for the general costs of administering military assistance and sales shall be made available to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of programs authorized by Chapter 2 of the Arms Export Control Act: Provided, That prior to the obligation of funds for such purposes, the Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations. (B) QUARTERLY STATUS REPORT .—Following the submission of the quarterly report required by section 36 of Public Law 90–629 (22 U.S.C. 2776), the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations a status report that contains the information described under the heading ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’ in House Report 115–253. (9) VETTING REPORT .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees on foreign assistance cases submitted for vetting for purposes of section 620M of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 during the preceding fiscal year, including— (i) the total number of cases submitted, approved, suspended, or rejected for human rights reasons; and (ii) for cases rejected, a description of the steps taken to assist the foreign government in taking effective measures to bring the responsible members of the security forces to justice, in accordance with section 620M(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. (B) FORM.—The report required by this paragraph shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may be accompanied by a classified annex. (10) ANNUAL FOREIGN MILITARY TRAINING RE PORT .—For the purposes of implementing section 656 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, the term ‘‘military training provided to foreign military personnel by the Department of Defense and the Department of State’’ shall be deemed to include all military training provided by foreign governments with funds appropriated to the Department of Defense or the Department of State, except for training provided by the government of a country designated by section 517(b) of such Act as a major nonNATO ally. (11) ASSISTANCE TO ELIMINATE TORTURE .— Funds appropriated under titles III and IV of this Act shall be made available, notwithstanding section 660 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations, for assistance to eliminate torture by foreign police, military or other security forces in countries receiving assistance from funds appropriated by this Act. (12) COMBAT CASUALTY CARE .— (A) Consistent with the objectives of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act, funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Peacekeeping Operations’’ and ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’ shall be made available for combat casualty training and equipment. (B) The Secretary of State shall offer combat casualty care training and equipment as a component of any package of lethal assistance funded by this Act with funds appropriated under the headings ‘‘Peacekeeping Operations’’ and ‘‘Foreign Military Financing Program’’: Provided, That the requirement of this paragraph shall apply to a country in conflict, unless the Secretary determines that such country has in place, to the maximum extent practicable, functioning combat casualty care treatment and equipment that meets or exceeds the standards recommended by the Committee on Tactical Combat Casualty Care: Provided further, That any such training and equipment for combat casualty care shall be made available through an open and transparent process. (c) WORLD FOODPROGRAMME .— (1) CONTRIBUTION .—Funds managed by the Bureau for Democracy, Conflict, and Humanitarian Assistance, United States Agency for International Development, from this or any other Act, may be made available as a general contribution to the World Food Programme, notwithstanding any other provision of law. (2) PROGRAM TO LEVERAGE ADDITIONAL CON TRIBUTIONS .—Funds appropriated by this Act shall be made available to leverage additional contributions for the World Food Programme from sources other than the United States Government: Provided, That the Secretary of State shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations on implementation of this paragraph. (d) DIRECTIVES AND AUTHORITIES .— (1) RESEARCH AND TRAINING .—Funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ shall be made available to carry out the Program for Research and Training on Eastern Europe and the Independent States of the Former Soviet Union as authorized by the SovietEastern European Research and Training Act of 1983 (22 U.S.C. 4501 et seq.). (2) GENOCIDE VICTIMS MEMORIAL SITES .— Funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ may be made available as contributions to establish and maintain memorial sites of genocide, subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (3) ADDITIONAL AUTHORITIES .—Of the amounts made available by title I of this Act under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’, up to $500,000 may be made available for grants pursuant to section 504 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Year 1979 (22 U.S.C. 2656d), including to facilitate collaboration with indigenous communities, and up to $1,000,000 may be made available for grants to carry out the activities of the Cultural Antiquities Task Force. 
(4) I NNOVATION .—The USAID Administrator may use funds appropriated by this Act under title III to make innovation incentive awards: Provided, That each individual award may not exceed $100,000: Provided further, That no more than 10 such awards may be made during fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That for purposes of this paragraph the term ‘‘innovation incentive award’’ means the provision of funding on a competitive basis that— (A) encourages and rewards the development of solutions for a particular, welldefined problem related to the alleviation of poverty; or (B) helps identify and promote a broad range of ideas and practices facilitating further development of an idea or practice by third parties. (5) EXCHANGE VISITOR PROGRAM .—None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to modify the Exchange Visitor Program administered by the Department of State to implement the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961, as amended, (Public Law 87–256; 22 U.S.C. 2451 et seq.), except through the formal rulemaking process pursuant to the Administrative Procedures Act and notwithstanding the exceptions to such rulemaking process in such Act: Provided, That funds made available for such purpose shall only be made available after consultation with, and subject to the regular notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations, regarding how any proposed modification would affect the public diplomacy goals of, and the estimated economic impact on, the United States. (6) REPORT .—The report required by section 502(d) of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division N of Public Law 115–31; 22 U.S.C. 254a note) shall be provided to the Committees on Appropriations. (e) PARTNER VETTING .—The Secretary of State and USAID Administrator may initiate a partner vetting program to mitigate the risk of diversion of foreign assistance, or make significant modifications to any existing partner vetting program, only following consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That the Secretary and Administrator should provide a direct vetting option for prime awardees in any partner vetting program initiated after the date of the enactment of this Act. (f) CONTINGENCIES .—During fiscal year 2018, the President may use up to $125,000,000 under the authority of section 451 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, notwithstanding any other provision of law. (g) INTERNATIONAL CHILD ABDUCTIONS .—The Secretary of State should withhold funds appropriated under title III of this Act for assistance for the central government of any country that is not taking appropriate steps to comply with the Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abductions, done at the Hague on October 25, 1980: Pro vided, That the Secretary shall report to the Committees on Appropriations within 15 days of withholding funds under this subsection. (h) CULTURAL PRESERVATION PROJECT DETERMINATION .—None of the funds appropriated in titles I and III of this Act may be used for the preservation of religious sites unless the Secretary of State or the USAID Administrator, as appropriate, determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations that such sites are historically, artistically, or culturally significant, that the purpose of the project is neither to advance nor to inhibit the free exercise of religion, and that the project is in the national interest of the United States. (i) TRANSFER OF FUNDS FOR EXTRAOR DINARY PROTECTION .—The Secretary of State may transfer to, and merge with, funds under the heading ‘‘Protection of Foreign Missions and Officials’’ unobligated balances of expired funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’ for fiscal year 2018, except for funds designated for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, at no later than the end of the fifth fiscal year after the last fiscal year for which such funds are available for the purposes for which appropriated: Provided, That not more than $50,000,000 may be transferred. (j) AUTHORITY TO COUNTER EXTREMISM .— Funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ to counter extremism may be made available notwithstanding any other provision of law restricting assistance to foreign countries, except sections 502B and 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961: Provided, That the use of the authority of this subsection shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional committees, and the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (k) PROTECTIONS AND REMEDIES FOR EMPLOYEES OF DIPLOMATIC MISSIONS AND INTER NATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS .—Section 7034(k) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113– 235) shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2018. (l) EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES .— (1) PASSPORT FEES .—Section 1(b)(2) of the Passport Act of June 4, 1920 (22 U.S.C. 214(b)(2)) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2010’’. (2) INCENTIVES FOR CRITICAL POSTS .—The authority contained in section 1115(d) of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–32) shall remain in effect through September 30, 2018. (3) USAID 
CIVIL SERVICE ANNUITANT WAIV ER.—Section 625(j)(1) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2385(j)(1)) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ for ‘‘October 1, 2010’’ in subparagraph (B). (4) OVERSEAS PAY COMPARABILITY AND LIMI TATION .— (A) Subject to the limitation described in subparagraph (B), the authority provided by section 1113 of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–32) shall remain in effect through September 30, 2018. (B) The authority described in subparagraph (A) may not be used to pay an eligible member of the Foreign Service (as defined in section 1113(b) of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–32)) a localitybased comparability payment (stated as a percentage) that exceeds twothirds of the amount of the localitybased comparability payment (stated as a percentage) that would be payable to such member under section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, if such member’s official duty station were in the District of Columbia. (5) CATEGORICAL ELIGIBILITY .—The Foreign Operations, Export Financing, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 1990 (Public Law 101–167) is amended— (A) in section 599D (8 U.S.C. 1157 note)— (i) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2017, and 2018’’; and (ii) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘2017’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2018’’; and (B) in section 599E (8 U.S.C. 1255 note) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. (6) INSPECTOR GENERAL ANNUITANT WAIV ER.—The authorities provided in section 1015(b) of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2010 (Public Law 111–212) shall remain in effect through September 30, 2018. (7) EXTENSION OF WAR RESERVES STOCKPILE  
AUTHORITY .— (A) Section 12001(d) of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2005 (Public Law 108–287; 118 Stat. 1011) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. (B) Section 514(b)(2)(A) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321h(b)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2018, and 2019’’. (8) ACCOUNTABILITY REVIEW BOARDS .—The authority provided by section 301(a)(3) of the Omnibus Diplomatic Security and Antiterrorism Act of 1986 (22 U.S.C. 4831(a)(3)) shall be in effect for facilities in Afghanistan through September 30, 2018, except that the notification and reporting requirements contained in such section shall include the Committees on Appropriations. (m) MONITORING AND EVALUATION .—Funds appropriated by this Act that are available for monitoring and evaluation of assistance under the headings ‘‘Development Assistance’’, ‘‘International Disaster Assistance’’ and ‘‘Migration and Refugee Assistance’’ shall, as appropriate, be made available for the regular collection of feedback obtained directly from beneficiaries on the quality and relevance of such assistance: Provided, That the Department of State and USAID shall, as appropriate, require implementing partners that receive funds under such headings to establish procedures for regularly collecting and responding to such feedback, inform the Department of State and USAID of such procedures, and report to the Department of State and USAID on actions taken in response to the feedback received: Pro vided further, That the Department of State and USAID shall conduct regular oversight to ensure that such feedback is collected and used by implementing partners to maximize the costeffectiveness and utility of such assistance. (n) HIV/AIDS WORKING CAPITAL FUND.— Funds available in the HIV/AIDS Working Capital Fund established pursuant to section 525(b)(1) of the Foreign Operations, Export Financing, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2005 (Public Law 108–447) may be made available for pharmaceuticals and other products for child survival, malaria, and tuberculosis to the same extent as HIV/ AIDS pharmaceuticals and other products, subject to the terms and conditions in such section: Provided, That the authority in section 525(b)(5) of the Foreign Operations, Export Financing, and Related Programs Appropriation Act, 2005 (Public Law 108–447) shall be exercised by the Assistant Administrator for Global Health, USAID, with respect to funds deposited for such nonHIV/ AIDS pharmaceuticals and other products, and shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That the Secretary of State shall include in the congressional budget justification an accounting of budgetary resources, disbursements, balances, and reimbursements related to such fund. (o) LOANS AND ENTERPRISE FUNDS .— (1) LOAN GUARANTEES .—Funds appropriated under the headings ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’ by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs may be made available for the costs, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of loan guarantees for Egypt, Jordan, Iraq, Tunisia, and Ukraine, which are authorized to be provided: Pro vided, That amounts made available under this paragraph for the costs of such guarantees shall not be considered assistance for the purposes of provisions of law limiting assistance to a country. 
(2) E NTERPRISE FUNDS .—Funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ in this Act may be made available to establish and operate one or more enterprise funds for Egypt, Jordan, and Tunisia: Provided, That the first, third and fifth provisos under section 7041(b) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2012 (division I of Public Law 112–74) shall apply to funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ for an enterprise fund or funds to the same extent and in the same manner as such provision of law applied to funds made available under such section (except that the clause excluding subsection (d)(3) of section 201 of the SEED Act shall not apply): Provided further, That in addition to the previous proviso, the authorities in the matter preceding the first proviso of such section may apply to any such enterprise fund or funds: Provided further, That the authority of any such enterprise fund or funds to provide assistance shall cease to be effective on December 31, 2028. (3) DESIGNATION REQUIREMENT .—Funds made available pursuant to paragraph (1) from prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs that were previously designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of such Act. (4) CONSULTATION AND NOTIFICATION .— Funds made available pursuant to the authorities of this subsection shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional committees, and subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (p) LOCAL WORKS .— (1) The ‘‘Small Grants Program’’ established pursuant to section 7080 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235) shall hereafter be referred to as ‘‘Local Works’’. (2) Of the funds appropriated by this Act under the headings ‘‘Development Assistance’’, ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, and ‘‘Assistance for Europe, Eurasia and Central Asia’’, not less than $47,000,000 shall be made available for Local Works pursuant to section 7080 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235), which may remain available until September 30, 2022. (3) For the purposes of section 7080 of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235), ‘‘eligible entities’’ shall be defined as small local, international, and United Statesbased nongovernmental organizations, educational institutions, and other small entities that have received less than a total of $5,000,000 from USAID over the previous 5 fiscal years: Provided, That departments or centers of such educational institutions may be considered individually in determining such eligibility. (q) DEPARTMENT OF STATE INSPECTOR GENERAL WAIVER AUTHORITY .—The Inspector General of the Department of State may waive the provisions of subsections (a) through (d) of section 824 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4064) on a case bycase basis for an annuitant reemployed by the Inspector General on a temporary basis, subject to the same constraints and in the same manner by which the Secretary of State may exercise such waiver authority pursuant to subsection (g) of such section. (r) DEFINITIONS .— (1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—Unless otherwise defined in this Act, for purposes of this Act the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) FUNDS APPROPRIATED BY THIS ACT AND  
PRIOR ACTS .—Unless otherwise defined in this Act, for purposes of this Act the term ‘‘funds appropriated by this Act and prior Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs’’ means funds that remain available for obligation, and have not expired. (3) INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL INSTITU TIONS .—In this Act ‘‘international financial institutions’’ means the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the International Development Association, the International Finance Corporation, the InterAmerican Development Bank, the International Monetary Fund, the Asian Development Bank, the Asian Development Fund, the InterAmerican Investment Corporation, the North American Development Bank, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the African Development Bank, the African Development Fund, and the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency. (4) SOUTHERN KORDOFAN REFERENCE .—Any reference to Southern Kordofan in this or any other Act making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs shall be deemed to include portions of Western Kordofan that were previously part of Southern Kordofan prior to the 2013 division of Southern Kordofan. (5) USAID.—In this Act, the term ‘‘USAID’’ means the United States Agency for International Development. (6) SPEND PLAN .—In this Act, the term ‘‘spend plan’’ means a plan for the uses of funds appropriated for a particular entity, country, program, purpose, or account and which shall include, at a minimum, a description of— (A) realistic and sustainable goals, criteria for measuring progress, and a timeline for achieving such goals; (B) amounts and sources of funds by account; (C) how such funds will complement other ongoing or planned programs; and (D) implementing partners, to the maximum extent practicable. (7) CLARIFICATION .—In this Act, the terms ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’ and ‘‘Under Secretary’’ shall include individuals appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate to serve in such designated positions, as well as individuals serving in acting capacities or performing functions pursuant to alter ego delegations with such designated ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’ and ‘‘Under Secretary’’ positions. 
ARAB LEAGUE BOYCOTT OF ISRAEL  SEC. 7035. It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) the Arab League boycott of Israel, and the secondary boycott of American firms that have commercial ties with Israel, is an impediment to peace in the region and to United States investment and trade in the Middle East and North Africa; (2) the Arab League boycott, which was regrettably reinstated in 1997, should be immediately and publicly terminated, and the Central Office for the Boycott of Israel immediately disbanded; (3) all Arab League states should normalize relations with their neighbor Israel; (4) the President and the Secretary of State should continue to vigorously oppose the Arab League boycott of Israel and find concrete steps to demonstrate that opposition by, for example, taking into consideration the participation of any recipient country in the boycott when determining to sell weapons to said country; and (5) the President should report to Congress annually on specific steps being taken by the United States to encourage Arab League states to normalize their relations with Israel to bring about the termination of the Arab League boycott of Israel, including those to encourage allies and trading partners of the United States to enact laws prohibiting businesses from complying with the boycott and penalizing businesses that do comply. PALESTINIAN STATEHOOD  SEC. 7036. (a) L IMITATION ON ASSISTANCE .— None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act may be provided to support a Palestinian state unless the Secretary of State determines and certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that— (1) the governing entity of a new Palestinian state— (A) has demonstrated a firm commitment to peaceful coexistence with the State of Israel; and (B) is taking appropriate measures to counter terrorism and terrorist financing in the West Bank and Gaza, including the dismantling of terrorist infrastructures, and is cooperating with appropriate Israeli and other appropriate security organizations; and (2) the Palestinian Authority (or the governing entity of a new Palestinian state) is working with other countries in the region to vigorously pursue efforts to establish a just, lasting, and comprehensive peace in the Middle East that will enable Israel and an independent Palestinian state to exist within the context of full and normal relationships, which should include— (A) termination of all claims or states of belligerency; (B) respect for and acknowledgment of the sovereignty, territorial integrity, and political independence of every state in the area through measures including the establishment of demilitarized zones; (C) their right to live in peace within secure and recognized boundaries free from threats or acts of force; (D) freedom of navigation through international waterways in the area; and (E) a framework for achieving a just settlement of the refugee problem. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the governing entity should enact a constitution assuring the rule of law, an independent judiciary, and respect for human rights for its citizens, and should enact other laws and regulations assuring transparent and accountable governance. (c) WAIVER .—The President may waive subsection (a) if the President determines that it is important to the national security interest of the United States to do so. (d) EXEMPTION .—The restriction in subsection (a) shall not apply to assistance intended to help reform the Palestinian Authority and affiliated institutions, or the governing entity, in order to help meet the requirements of subsection (a), consistent with the provisions of section 7040 of this Act (‘‘Limitation on Assistance for the Palestinian Authority’’). 
AUTHORITY  SEC. 7037. None of the funds appropriated under titles II through VI of this Act may be obligated or expended to create in any part 
of Jerusalem a new office of any department or agency of the United States Government for the purpose of conducting official United States Government business with the Palestinian Authority over Gaza and Jericho or any successor Palestinian governing entity provided for in the IsraelPLO Declaration of Principles: Provided, That this restriction shall not apply to the acquisition of additional space for the existing Consulate General in Jerusalem: Provided further, That meetings between officers and employees of the United States and officials of the Palestinian Authority, or any successor Palestinian governing entity provided for in the IsraelPLO Declaration of Principles, for the purpose of conducting official United States Government business with such authority should continue to take place in locations other than Jerusalem: Provided further, That as has been true in the past, officers and employees of the United States Government may continue to meet in Jerusalem on other subjects with Palestinians (including those who now occupy positions in the Palestinian Authority), have social contacts, and have incidental discussions. 
PALESTINIAN BROADCASTING CORPORATION  SEC. 7038. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to provide equipment, technical support, consulting services, or any other form of assistance to the Palestinian Broadcasting Corporation. 
ASSISTANCE FOR THE WEST BANK AND GAZA  SEC. 7039. (a) O VERSIGHT .—For fiscal year 2018, 30 days prior to the initial obligation of funds for the bilateral West Bank and Gaza Program, the Secretary of State shall certify to the Committees on Appropriations that procedures have been established to assure the Comptroller General of the United States will have access to appropriate United States financial information in order to review the uses of United States assistance for the Program funded under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ for the West Bank and Gaza. (b) VETTING .—Prior to the obligation of funds appropriated by this Act under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ for assistance for the West Bank and Gaza, the Secretary of State shall take all appropriate steps to ensure that such assistance is not provided to or through any individual, private or government entity, or educational institution that the Secretary knows or has reason to believe advocates, plans, sponsors, engages in, or has engaged in, terrorist activity nor, with respect to private entities or educational institutions, those that have as a principal officer of the entity’s governing board or governing board of trustees any individual that has been determined to be involved in, or advocating terrorist activity or determined to be a member of a designated foreign terrorist organization: Provided, That the Secretary of State shall, as appropriate, establish procedures specifying the steps to be taken in carrying out this subsection and shall terminate assistance to any individual, entity, or educational institution which the Secretary has determined to be involved in or advocating terrorist activity. (c) PROHIBITION .— (1) RECOGNITION OF ACTS OF TERRORISM .— None of the funds appropriated under titles III through VI of this Act for assistance under the West Bank and Gaza Program may be made available for— (A) the purpose of recognizing or otherwise honoring individuals who commit, or have committed acts of terrorism; and (B) any educational institution located in the West Bank or Gaza that is named after an individual who the Secretary of State determines has committed an act of terrorism. (2) SECURITY ASSISTANCE AND REPORTING RE QUIREMENT .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds made available by this or prior appropriations Acts, including funds made available by transfer, may be made available for obligation for security assistance for the West Bank and Gaza until the Secretary of State reports to the Committees on Appropriations on the benchmarks that have been established for security assistance for the West Bank and Gaza and reports on the extent of Palestinian compliance with such benchmarks. (d) OVERSIGHT BY THE UNITED STATES  AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT .— (1) The Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall ensure that Federal or nonFederal audits of all contractors and grantees, and significant subcontractors and subgrantees, under the West Bank and Gaza Program, are conducted at least on an annual basis to ensure, among other things, compliance with this section. (2) Of the funds appropriated by this Act, up to $1,000,000 may be used by the Office of Inspector General of the United States Agency for International Development for audits, investigations, and other activities in furtherance of the requirements of this subsection: Provided, That such funds are in addition to funds otherwise available for such purposes. (e) COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED  STATES AUDIT.—Subsequent to the certification specified in subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit and an investigation of the treatment, handling, and uses of all funds for the bilateral West Bank and Gaza Program, including all funds provided as cash transfer assistance, in fiscal year 2018 under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’, and such audit shall address— (1) the extent to which such Program complies with the requirements of subsections (b) and (c); and (2) an examination of all programs, projects, and activities carried out under such Program, including both obligations and expenditures. (f) NOTIFICATION PROCEDURES .—Funds made available in this Act for West Bank and Gaza shall be subject to the regular notification procedures of the Committees on Appropriations. (g) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations updating the report contained in section 2106 of chapter 2 of title II of the Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror, and Tsunami Relief, 2005 (Public Law 109–13). 
PALESTINIAN AUTHORITY  SEC. 7040. (a) P ROHIBITION OF FUNDS .—None of the funds appropriated by this Act to carry out the provisions of chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 may be obligated or expended with respect to providing funds to the Palestinian Authority. (b) WAIVER .—The prohibition included in subsection (a) shall not apply if the President certifies in writing to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, had I been present for the vote on H. Res. 796, the resolution providing for consideration of the fiscal year 2019 Consolidated Appropriations Act (Rollcall No. 124), I would have voted ‘‘no’’. Additionally, had I been present for the vote on H.R. 4467, the Strengthening Aviation Security Act of 2017 (Rollcall No. 128), I would have voted ‘‘aye’’. 
STRENGTHENING LOCAL TRANSPORTATION SECURITY CAPABILITIES ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5089) to improve threat information sharing, integrated operations, and law enforcement training for transportation security, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. BACON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 397, nays 1, not voting 31, as follows: [Roll No. 129] YEAS—397 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem 
Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Rothfus RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Bridenstine Collins (GA) Comstock Cramer Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio Demings Espaillat Higgins (LA) Jones Massie McHenry McMorris Rodgers Murphy (FL) O’Rourke Palazzo Pelosi Pingree Poe (TX) Polis Raskin Rice (NY) Ross Rouzer Shuster Vela Walz Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to say happy birthday to my daughters, Sky and Sage. There is no greater love than the love I have for my twin girls, Sky and Sage, and for my wife, Monica. There is no greater role or responsibility I have than to be their father and Monica’s husband. There is no greater title more honorable and more meaningful in my life than the title of father and husband. There is no greater joy than to hear my girls sing with happiness, play with vigor, and laugh with gusto. There is no greater medicine for my soul than feeling their bear hugs when I arrive home after being away at work for days. Today, I celebrate their birth, their 3 years of life, and their future with the highest hopes and aspirations any father can have throughout all generations of fatherhood. Today I sing our love story, and I sing Happy Birthday to my Sky Bear and Sage Monkey. Happy birthday. I love you a lot—te amo mucho. 
PROVIDING FOR A CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 1625 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a concurrent resolution providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 1625, and I ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CURTIS ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 116 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That in the enrollment of the bill H.R. 1625, the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall make the following correction: Amend the long title so as to read: ‘‘Making appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes.’’. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. 
60 YEARS OF THE PIONEER CENTER FOR HUMAN SERVICES (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank and congratulate the Pioneer Center for Human Services for 60 years of serving the people of McHenry County, Illinois. The Pioneer Center was founded in 1958 out of a mother’s desire to provide greater opportunities for her daughter with Down syndrome. Since then, it has provided services for members of the community facing developmental disabilities, homelessness, and behavioral health issues. I am always impressed by the compassion and energy of Pioneer Center employees when I visit their facilities, which now include 17 group homes, a homeless shelter, a transitional home, and a family and child therapy center. Mr. Speaker, 4,500 men, women, and children are served every year, including 95 who are annually employed in local jobs through the Community Employment Services Program. Last year alone, individuals logged 8,500 hours of community activity, everything from attending classes at the gym to visiting a farmer’s market and taking community college courses. I am proud to celebrate with the Pioneer Center for Human Services as they continue to empower individuals to achieve their full potential. 
RUSSIAN INVESTIGATION (Mr. HUFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, despite the Kremlin’s lies, all facts lead to the conclusion that Vladimir Putin tried to murder Sergei Skripal, a former Russian double agent, in broad daylight on British soil. Great Britain strongly condemned Russia, and because Britain is our closest ally, our Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson, did what we would expect from him: he forcefully condemned the crime and vowed the U.S. would hold Russia accountable. But within hours, Tillerson was fired. Now, we know about the strains between President Trump and Tillerson: Trump has mocked him for favoring diplomacy with North Korea; they have disagreed over the Iran nuclear deal; and it didn’t help when Tillerson reportedly called Trump a moron. But none of that cost Tillerson his job. It was only when he aggressively condemned Putin that he crossed the reddest of redlines for Donald Trump. Why is Trump so afraid of Putin that he would fire his own Secretary of State for talking tough on Russia? Why does he constantly fawn over Putin, even calling to congratulate him for winning a fake election this week? You would think the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence would be asking these questions, but, instead, they have shut down their Russia investigation. This stinks, Mr. Speaker. What are they trying to hide from the American people? The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO PRIVATE RUDOLPH JOHNSON (Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to pay tribute to Arkansas native Rudy Johnson. Former Private Rudy Johnson will be laid to rest at the Arkansas State Veterans Cemetery in North Little Rock this Friday, 73 years after he was killed in action during World War II. Private Johnson was drafted into the Army in 1943 and was assigned to the 93nd Division, nicknamed the Buffalo Soldiers and the only AfricanAmerican division to see combat in Europe during World War II. Rudy was stationed in northern Italy, fighting against German forces when his unit reported that he was killed in action in 1945 at the age of 20. Private Johnson’s remains were finally identified after DNA analysis in 2016, and he was flown home this week to rest where his journey began. Rudy’s sacrifice for Arkansas and America will never be forgotten, and I join his family and all Arkansans in welcoming him back home for his final rest. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JESSICA KLYMCHUK (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Jessica Klymchuk. Jessica was the mother of three daughters and one son. She was an educational assistant, bus driver, and librarian at St. Stephen’s School in Valleyview, Alberta, Canada, for 4 years. She went to the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1 with her fiance, Brent. The couple had recently been engaged and looked forward to their wedding. Jessica always put her family first and loved camping with them. She is remembered for being a loving woman who always worked hard and dedicated her life to her children. I would like to extend my condolences to Jessica’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. f 
PROTECT MINNESOTA’S LIBERIAN COMMUNITY (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, time is running out. Unless the administration takes action by March 31, members of Minnesota’s Liberian community who have been here for more than 20 years after fleeing a vicious civil war and making new lives here in the United States could be forced to leave. Minnesota is home to one of the largest Liberian communities in the country. More than 16,000 Liberians, including 4,000 children, have made Minnesota their home, and for decades, they have been productive members of our society and our economy. Since the early 1990s, Presidents of both parties have ensured that they can stay. A bipartisan group of my colleagues and I are asking and joining together to ask the President to act to do the same. I have also coauthored bipartisan legislation to allow these families to stay because, Mr. Speaker, we are asking the President: Don’t let this happen. Do the right thing. These families are fundamentally American, and they are a part of the very fabric of what we have in Minnesota as a community. 
HONORING DR. MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. (Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, while we are on recess, the city of Memphis, Tennessee, will be the center of civil rights history as the 50th anniversary of the tragic assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr., will be memorialized on April 4 in Memphis, where he was slain. At the Lorraine Motel where he was staying and killed, a great civil rights museum has sprung up like a phoenix from the ashes, the great history of the civil rights movement. At that spot, at the same time he was killed, there will 
be a bell ringing, and there will be civil rights leaders from all over the country in Memphis to mark the occasion: our own JOHN LEWIS, Andrew Young, Danny Glover, and Cary Kennedy. There are so many that I shouldn’t start, but they will be there to honor Dr. King’s memory. Dr. King’s dream is not fulfilled yet. We need to continue to work to make his dream fulfilled in this country to where everybody, regardless of their race or their gender, for that matter, or their sexual orientation, has an opportunity to climb ladders of opportunity to participate in the American Dream and have a successful life and be a part of the middle class, if possible. I hope everybody will give some thought to Dr. King and his dream on April 4. 
THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC (Mr. MESSER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support President Trump’s plan to tackle the opioid epidemic, a crisis that has plagued communities and devastated families all across Indiana. In Indiana, roughly 40 percent more people die from drug overdoses than they do from car accidents. Since 2010, opioidrelated deaths have nearly tripled in my State. It is past time to address the opioid epidemic and get serious about saving lives. Growing up in the 1980s, Nancy Reagan’s Just Say No campaign had a real impact on my life, and I applaud President Trump’s plan to do more to educate young people about the horrific effects of drug use. I also support the President’s plan to address the opioid crisis by securing our border, stopping the flow of drugs pouring into our country, and reducing rampant prescription drug abuse. The President is right. For the worst drug traffickers, the death penalty should be an option. Today we took a big step in the right direction, but more must be done to help families dealing with the devastating effects of opioid abuse. 
b1330 FRIENDSHIP CIRCLE WALK (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of the annual Walking 4 Friendship event. This past March 18, friends, families, and neighbors from my congressional district walked three kilometers to promote awareness and acceptance of children, teens, and young adults with special needs. More than 1,000 of my constituents walked to raise support for The Friendship Circle of Miami. This volunteer organization provides a number of social, recreational, and educational programs for some of the most vulnerable members of our society and helps them build lasting friendships. Mr. Speaker, the positive impact of The Friendship Circle is felt widely throughout our community and brings so much joy and comfort to young people with special needs and their families. I would like to thank the countless volunteers and local sponsors who make this organization and this wonderful annual event possible. Let us not forget their theme: Together, we can perform miracles. f 
MARY’S CUPBOARD (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to the issue of food insecurity, affecting nearly 1.6 million people in my home State of Pennsylvania. In our district, that is 1.6 million too many. I am proud to recognize the efforts of Mary’s Cupboard in Levittown, Pennsylvania, a food pantry which has served nearly 86,000 individuals since its inception in 1976. Operating in conjunction with Catholic Social Services, Mary’s Cupboard offers both perishable and nonperishable food items. Their standard practice is to provide a family with 5 days’ worth of food. I would like to recognize founder Marion Slack and operations coordinators Betty Rommet and Ann Hyjurick, who, along with the assistance of partnering parishes St. Ignatius in Yardley, St. Andrew in Newton, St. Cyril of Jerusalem in Jamison, and St. Michael the Archangel in Levittown, bring hope and peace of mind to their neighbors on a daily basis. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of us to follow their lead and work to eradicate hunger in all of our communities. 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 4760 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 4760. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. 
NEW HARTFORD, NEW YORK, CELEBRATES ITS 230TH ANNIVERSARY (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 230th anniversary of the settlement of my hometown, New Hartford, New York. New Hartford was settled in early 1877 by Jedediah Sanger, who was in search of the American Dream. By 1789, Jedediah had brought his entire family to New Hartford and built a sawmill and gristmill. The village began to flourish with farmers who provided New Hartford and the surrounding communities with fresh produce and a variety of dairy products. Today, the town of New Hartford strives to maintain Jedediah Sanger’s original vision and ideas. It is home to numerous retail stores, restaurants, and churches, while remaining an extremely civicminded and generous community. In fact, our own New Hartford Central School District, my alma mater and the same school from which my son graduated from 30 years later, consistently ranks as one of the very best schools in New York State and among the top public schools in the country. Fun fact: I actually live across the street from the house I grew up in, my childhood home, and I now live in a home that I purchased from our former Congressman, Alexander Pirnie, who once served in this great Chamber. Please join me in honoring and celebrating the 230th anniversary of New Hartford, New York. f 
SALUTING CAREGIVERS OF ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to salute the caregivers who support those living with Alzheimer’s disease or a related dementia in our community. Over 5 million Americans have Alzheimer’s disease, including 5,000 in my home county of Butte in northern California. It is also the most expensive disease in America. Medicare and Medicaid pay twothirds of all the costs. This is unacceptable and unsustainable. This is a tremendous burden to our country. From my perspective, if we are going to have a shot at reducing government spending, we have to advance the movement to cure Alzheimer’s and do something to lower the cost of care and also reduce the burden on families who suffer as they watch their loved ones dealing with this disease. This is why I joined 32 of my House colleagues in cosponsoring the BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act. This would create a public health response to Alzheimer’s and would help educate community members and doctors on dementia detection, diagnosis, symptom management, even brain health and prevention of dementia. I will continue to fight for quality, affordable healthcare for seniors nationwide. We must do everything in our 
power to preserve Medicare and Medicaid for future generations. 
FUNDING ISSUES (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, just a few minutes ago, we passed a major omnibus appropriations bill, of which I had the privilege of submitting over 30 requests. Frankly, I am thankful for the funding I received on behalf of the 18th Congressional District of Texas. It is a tradition that I pride myself in. I also take pride in the work of the Appropriations Committee in working on behalf of the American people. It is also important to take note of the fact that—as we have done positive things, it is also important to note some issues that I have concern with. First of all, I want to acknowledge that there is no limit for the funding for Planned Parenthood, which is part of my constituency, which helps young women with their health. There is opioid funding and VA funding. I am most happy with the childcare funding and for TIGER grants. But what we need more of, even though we had 450,000 new certificates for the disabled, is Section 8 vouchers for seniors and families. We need to be able to insist that the quality of housing is best. As I finish, Mr. Speaker, let me just say that in the effort to stop school gun violence, I am disappointed that there are no civil rights protections to make sure we aren’t pointing out Hispanics and Latinos differently from other children, as well as no DACA relief for our children. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is always an honor to address this Hallowed Hall, sometimes more hallowed than others, but today was a bit of a sad day for some of us. The Federalist reported the headline: Congress Rushes Towards Spending Vote to Prevent a Shutdown. ‘‘Congressional leaders released a $1.3 trillion government spending plan for the rest of the fiscal year and asked lawmakers to begin voting on it with only hours to read and analyze the 2,232page text. ‘‘The measure is wide ranging, with funds for fencing on the U.S.Mexico border, combating opioid addiction and building new roads, along with incentives to bolster reporting to a database for gunbuyer background checks.’’ I have got to assert, Mr. Speaker, that this fix NICS bill, as it’s been called, leaves in place a practice that has been going on. It grieved me greatly that Republicans would rush to embrace this thing, which allows the practice that the Obama administration started that administrative procedures by unelected, unaccountabletovoters bureaucrats could decide people were not, in their opinion, entitled to have their Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms. We have heard accounts of people who didn’t realize that they were being questioned in a way that would be used to take their guns away and their right to keep and bear arms to protect themselves, to engage in selfdefense, and the VA is the most notorious. Simply asking a question like, ‘‘Who takes care of your checkbook finances?’’ and answer anything like, ‘‘Oh, my wife takes care of that,’’ then a matter of weeks later, a letter is received saying you don’t have a right to have a gun. It is amazing that the Obama administration would start such an unconstitutional practice, and it is, to me, even more grievous that Republicans would participate in a bill that says it is going to correct a problem and make America safer when, actually, what it does will not make a difference in the mass shootings that have occurred. But in the tradition of Congress, if there is a problem, too often people in this body feel it is not important that we do something that will make a difference; it is just important that we look like we are doing something. That is really where the fix NICS bill came into play. It really wouldn’t make people safer. It will add some restrictiveness, and it allows this heinous practice of having some bureaucrat at the VA just decide that a veteran who served his or her 
Nation valiantly, qualified to use a weapon, can’t have a weapon. b1445 Forget the Constitution. We are the VA, and we decide you don’t get one. Rather egregious. But most egregious of all, we have about half a year to go, and we just voted $1.3 trillion to be spent between now and the end of the fiscal year, which ends midnight September 30. Quite tragic. And we are told, over and over, by pollsters that the American public doesn’t want to hear about process, how laws are made, or if some rules are violated. They don’t care about those things. But the fact is, just like America and each State has laws, and if those laws are not observed, we hasten the demise of a Democratic Republic, this little experiment in selfgovernment. And when it comes to the rules of the House, when we don’t go through the normal regular orders, it is called, which just means following the rules for how we pass a law, then the product is not going to be nearly as good. And that is what we have in the bill that was passed today. It is really immoral. Going back as far as we are aware in North America, parents have traditionally wanted for their child or their children more opportunity, better opportunity, a better life, than the parent had growing up and going forward. Yet, now for the last 50 years, we have had generations engaged in being all about themselves, and that includes my generation. Not all of us, but enough that we could pass a bill a month or so ago and then pass another one today that heaps hundreds of billions of dollars of debt onto our children, our grandchildren, that they didn’t run up. This is totally different. It is so immoral. It is totally different from what generations of Americans have wanted: something better for their kids. Yet here we are. It is as if we go into a bank and say: I need a loan. Well, what is your collateral? How are you going to pay? Oh, I am not going to pay. I can’t pay. But I have got all my children, got some grandchildren someday, and they will pay. Well, what do you need the money for? Because I can’t stop spending money. I just can’t control myself. So I am going to have my kids and grandkids pay someday, because all I can do is spend, and that is where we are. There is an obligation for each generation to be accountable for their actions to future generations. And there has been so much debt run up. Of course, when I got here 13 years ago, we had crossed over into $10 trillion in debt, $11 trillion, and all of a sudden, in 8 years, we hit $20 trillion. It was incredible. The biggest part of that hit during the 4 years where the Democratic majority controlled the House and the Senate, and those 2 years in which the Democrat majority in the House and Senate was also linked up with President Obama, a Democrat in the White House, and the debt exploded. But when we bring a bill to the floor like came today, didn’t go through regular order, it did not go through committee process, and I can’t know for sure, I heard there were two, I heard there were four people negotiating. I heard that it was staff members who were doing the negotiation. And for heaven’s sake, if we are going to have staff members negotiating numbers that involve $1 trillion that our children and grandchildren will have to pay, let’s at least get better staff members to do the negotiation for the sake of our kids. It is really tragic what has been going on. I was just reading an article a moment ago with a statement from Minority Leader PELOSI , in which she indicated they had won the negotiation, they got lots more of what they wanted than did those in the majority and than did the President himself. Unfortunately, though the President is an amazing negotiator, he graciously allowed the House leaders and the Democratic leaders to do the negotiating. And I would encourage the President, I know he wants better deals than this atrocity, but we need his negotiating skills involved to get a better product. This article from Chad Pergram says: ‘‘With $1.2 trillion omnibus bill topping 2,200 pages, Congress needs CliffsNotes.’’ I have another from Jacob Sullum: ‘‘Fix NICS bill would help block gun sales to peaceful people.’’ And Jacob Sullum is right about that. This from August 11, 2016, they are pointing out that the background checks, which were proposed in part of this bill that passed in the House today, would not be effective. The headline says: ‘‘Background Checks: Ineffective, unconstitutional, and dangerous.’’ It says: ‘‘Background checks were sold to gun owners as a bill of goods in the 1990s. But consider how ineffective, and dangerous, they have become to our Second Amendment rights: ‘‘Number 1, roughly 95 percent of NICS denials are ‘false positives,’ which means most of the people who are being denied are not the people that want to hold up the neighborhood grocery store. ‘‘Number 2, for the last year on record, only 13 prohibited persons were convicted for trying to illegally purchase a gun—when more than 10 million guns were sold.’’ Pretty amazing. Only 13. And this was back in the Obama administration. Of course, we know they weren’t enforcing the law. They had the weakest gun violation enforcement of any administration in the last 50 years, all the while demanding tougher laws, gun laws and gun restrictions, when they were doing the worst job of just enforcing the laws we had. So out of 10 million guns that had background checks and were approved for sale, only 13 were convicted of trying to illegally purchase a gun. The article continues: ‘‘And the inspector general’s report in 2016 found that the Justice Department’’—and again, this is during the Obama administration—‘‘only refers an average of 32 prosecutions per year under the Brady Law.’’ ‘‘That is not surprising, since good people can be denied their Second Amendment rights for outstanding traffic tickets, that result in a bench warrant . . . for having the same name as a bad guy . . . or for having engaged in a bar fight 50 years ago. ‘‘Number 3, because of the NICS system, there are now more than 250,000 military veterans who cannot purchase firearms from a gun dealer—and the Obama administration tried to disqualify tens of thousands of otherwise lawabiding seniors in similar fashion.’’ I want to inject here. Just because a senior citizen has his or her adult child take care of their checkbook, it does not mean that that senior citizen does not know when their home is being broken into and they need to protect themselves. Number 4 in this article says: ‘‘And what if you’re blocked from buying a gun because you’re illegitimately denied by the NICS check? Well, according to USA Today, the Obama administration illegally diverted every single one of its FBI appeal examiners to other duties, making it impossible for the agency to overturn people’s denials and creating a huge backlog. ‘‘Number 5, every time a gun dealer contacts the NICS system and a background check is conducted, there is the potential that gun buyers’ names will be retained—despite prohibitions to the contrary. This data retention and the potential for gun owner registration is a constant concern for gun owners, given the expansive backup system at the FBI. Not only that, the General Accounting Office found in 2016 that the ATF had illegally retained the names of thousands of gun owners. ‘‘Number 6, forcing lawabiding citizens to get ‘permission’ to exercise a constitutionally protected right can result in harmful delays—and even death. Consider Carol Bowne of New Jersey who tried to get a gun for protection . . . was forced to wait several weeks during the screening process . . . and was ultimately stabbed to death by the man she wanted to defend herself against. ‘‘Gun control is denying the rights of lawabiding Americans, while not making us any safer.’’ And that is the thing. We hear these constant proposals for more background checks. A proposal that is being pushed, we have got to have background checks when someone gives or sells a gun to another individual when that person selling or giving the gun is not a firearms dealer, they are not in the business, which means a father to a 
son, or a mother to a daughter. This push to get background checks when, as my friend John Lott’s research has shown not one mass shooting in the last 100 years has resulted from a gun that was given or purchased in a lawful transfer person to person. So that kind of idea wouldn’t help save any lives. If we are going to do something, at least do something that saves lives, makes a difference. But we know that, in Rwanda, there was a horrendous period in which 800,000 human beings were slaughtered with machetes. We know that the worst attack with the most horrendous murders in our U.S. history, on our soil, happened on September 11, 2001, and the weapon that was used was a box cutter. We know that the Boston Marathon bombing, in which people were killed and maimed, a pressure cooker was used. We know that in Austin, Texas, a sick criminal mind killed two people and wounded a number of others. There is a lot of talk about ending gun violence without a thought about ending violence. Oklahoma City, that was ammonium nitrate, that was fertilizer, used as a bomb. I keep coming back to the quote of President John Adams in 1798, when he said so prophetically and analytically: ‘‘Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.’’ b1500 That is really where we are. Do we want to end gun violence or do we want to end violence? Some of us would like to end violence. 800,000 human beings that are killed with machetes are just as dead as 800,000 killed with a bomb or a gun. Actually, they most likely suffered a great deal more than if they were killed with a gun. A gun is like the law itself. It can be used to protect. During my 4 years in the Army, we were trained to use a weapon for protection of the United States and our Constitution. We took an oath to do that. We were never in combat in my 4 years, but that is what we were trained for. It was not an assault weapon. It was a protective weapon to protect our country. So when we hear all this talk that maybe it is time to again ban assault weapons, any weapon is an assault weapon. Any weapon is also a defensive weapon. It is all about the hands of those who are holding the weapon. We also know for a fact that the years in which socalled assault weapons were banned, it made absolutely no difference. We also know that in cities where there is the most strenuous gun laws, you often find the most violent number of gun attacks. The Wall Street Journal had an article some time back talking about the mentality of those who use a gun and kill and engage in a mass shooting. They said that almost invariably these are control freaks. Their idea, their thought is ‘‘I have got to be in control,’’ so they want to go to a place where no one else will have a gun. They intentionally want to be somewhere where nobody else has a gun. That is their mentality. They want to be in control. It is not uncommon to have happen what happened in Austin, when the bomber there was about to be captured, he took his own life because of the fear they are going to lose control, so they take that one last act of control and kill themselves. So will we save more lives if we let lawabiding people have guns and do what the Obama administration refused to do more than any other administration in modern history, and that is prosecute people who violate the law in trying to obtain a gun illegally? I submit to you that the latter is the best way to go. We are better off allowing lawabiding citizens to have the guns just as the Constitution intended. Coming back again to John Adams’ quote, we have suffered through a time in American history where people on the far left politically have been saying, in essence, there is no real right or wrong. What may be wrong for you may be right for somebody else, so it is all relative. There is no absolute right and wrong. C.S. Lewis pointed out that it is like music. Although some people will come closer to singing the proper note, just because many can’t doesn’t mean that note does not exist. The law does exist, and some will come closer to following the law more easily. The law exists, and it must be enforced. That is one of the things that has made the United States so successful, to become as it was, the greatest country in the history of the world—I would humbly submit, even greater than Solomon’s Israel, because Americans had more freedoms, more opportunities, and more assets. This is the first time that I can find in history, anywhere, anytime, that the number one health problem for a nation’s poor was obesity. That just doesn’t happen through history, but it is happening here in the United States. If you go back to the founding, you had people, most of whom were Christians, but all of whom wanted to have a country where Christians were not persecuted for their Christian beliefs. Now we have had the Christian religion so slandered and defamed that, even by government entities, it has been called a hate group. Evangelical Christians— which just means these are Christians who so love and honor God and believe they are going to Heaven when they die that they want others to have the opportunity to go to Heaven to be in paradise with Jesus. Yet in this perverse time, we have people belittling Christianity and Christian beliefs like has never happened in the history of this country. I think a majority of Americans believe we have been blessed beyond measure because a majority of Americans did have an abiding faith in God Almighty, and you had a majority that believed that Jesus was not a liar, that He was not a lunatic, but that He was the Lord just as He said: 
I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one goes to the Father but by Me. 
So a believer in Christianity believes if you don’t believe in Jesus Christ, you can’t go to Heaven. So either Jesus meant what He said and He was the Son of God, or He was a lunatic, because that is a crazy statement if it is not true, or He is just a liar, like David Koresh. Yet now the perversion has come and the attack has come that this religion, the one religion that is completely and truly based on love, that God so loved the world He sent His Son, and His Son so loved the world He laid down His life so that anyone who believed in Him could be in paradise in the next life, that is being called a hate religion, and Christians are being persecuted. For the first time in American history, America doesn’t seem to care about Christians being slaughtered and a type of genocide going on in the Middle East of Christians. The prior administration made very, very clear that their priority was not the Christians who were being slaughtered by the thousands in the Middle East; it was Muslim refugees. And that is why there was such a tiny, tiny percentage of Christian refugees who were allowed into the United States when compared to the percentage of Christians living in the Middle East where the refugees were coming from. It is a sobering time, and it only makes sense that, when we reach a time when Christianity is maligned, defamed, and persecuted, that it is a time the Bible talks about: Right is wrong; wrong is right. Those that try to hold to the right as God gives them to see the right, that, gee, those folks are said to be crazy, and if not crazy, hatemongers. They are not hatemongers. But when we get into that period of time, it made sense. Priorities are completely askew, and the generation in charge thinks of themselves and does not think about what is going to happen to that generation’s children. When one thinks about it, and with the scientific advancements we have, we know that a heart is beating inside that little child in the mother’s loving womb. It is a real person with a beating heart. Janet Porter and others have talked about, with regard to the Heartbeat bill: What happens if you see someone appearing to be unconscious, lying down? You run over and check: Is there a heartbeat? If there is a heartbeat, then you call the ambulance and you do everything you can to save that life. Mr. Speaker, it is a dangerous time, and it is time to become a moral nation again. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1865. An act to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of interactive computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sexual exploitation of children or sex trafficking, and for other purposes. H.R. 3731. An act to provide overtime pay for employees of the United States Secret Service, and for other purposes. f SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 2040. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 621 Kansas Avenue in Atchison, Kansas, as the ‘‘Amelia Earhart Post Office Building’’. BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on March 20, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 2154. To rename the Red River Valley Agricultural Research Center in Fargo, North Dakota, as the Edward T. Schafer Agricultural Research Center. 
N O T I C E Incomplete record of House proceedings. Except for concluding business which follows. The Explanatory Statement regarding House Amendment to the Senate Amendment on H.R. 1625 will be continued in Book II and Book III. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 3 o’clock and 11 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, March 23, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. S. 466. An act to clarify the description of certain Federal land under the Northern Arizona Land Exchange and Verde River Basin Partnership Act of 2005 to include additional land in the Kaibab National Forest; with an amendment (Rept. 115–615). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3008. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the George W. Bush Childhood Home, located at 1412 West Ohio Avenue, Midland, Texas, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–616). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: Committee on Ethics. In the Matter of Allegations Relating to Representative Luis V. Gutie ´rrez (Rept. 115–617). Referred to the House Calendar. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: Committee on Ethics. In the Matter of Allegations Relating to Representative Bobby L. Rush (Rept. 115– 618). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. DUNN (for himself and Mr. P ANETTA ): H.R. 5379. A bill to amend the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 to update the Biotechnology and Agricultural Trade Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. KATKO (for himself and Mr. CUELLAR ): H.R. 5380. A bill to establish a Commission on Securing our Nation’s Children, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROYCE of California (for himself, Mr. LUETKEMEYER , and Mr. ROSS): H.R. 5381. A bill to reduce and minimize the credit, guarantee, and insurance risk of all Federal Government programs by transferring such risk to the private sector at market terms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for himself, Mr. DEUTCH , and Mr. B UCHANAN ): H.R. 5382. A bill to accelerate the income tax benefits for charitable cash contributions for the relief of the families of the slain or injured victims of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (for herself, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. S IRES, Ms. JAYAPAL , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. B RENDAN  F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. MOORE , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. YARMUTH , Mr. H IMES, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. KEATING , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. RUIZ, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. TONKO , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. CASTOR of Florida, and Mr. MCNERNEY ): H.R. 5383. A bill to prevent the purchase of ammunition by prohibited purchasers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. POCAN (for himself, Mr. ELLISON, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. CROWLEY , Ms. DELAURO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. GOMEZ , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, Mr. K HANNA , Ms. L EE, Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. MOORE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. PALLONE , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. HUFFMAN ): H.R. 5384. A bill to establish StateFederal partnerships to provide students the opportunity to attain higher education at inState public institutions of higher education without debt, to provide Federal Pell Grant eligibility to DREAMer students, to repeal suspension of eligibility under the Higher Education Act of 1965 for drugrelated offenses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas (for himself and Mr. BURGESS ): H.R. 5385. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the program of payments to children’s hospitals that operate graduate medical education programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 5386. A bill to ensure that taxpayers are provided access to case files prior to conference with staff of the Internal Revenue Service Office of Appeals; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. TONKO , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): H.R. 5387. A bill to provide for the establishment of clean technology consortia to enhance the economic, environmental, and energy security of the United States by promoting domestic development, manufacture, and deployment of clean technologies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 5388. A bill to require certain entities who collect and maintain personal information of individuals to secure such information and to provide notice to such individuals in the case of a breach of security involving such information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Mr. JONES , and Mr. C ARBAJAL ): H.R. 5389. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide that civilian service as a temporary employee after December 31, 1988, may be creditable service under the Federal Employees Retirement System, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CUMMINGS: H.R. 5390. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to amend the process by which students with certain special circumstances apply for Federal financial aid; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. WITTMAN, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. MENG, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. PINGREE , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland, Mr. HOYER , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. DELANEY , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. VARGAS , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Ms. DELAURO , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEYof New York, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´N of New Mexico, Mr. COLE, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. LANGEVIN , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. LOWEY , Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. MOORE , Mr. S OTO, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. CLAY, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. R UPPERS BERGER , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. B RENDAN  F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. COURTNEY , Ms. L EE, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. ADAMS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Ms. H ANABUSA , Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. V ELA, Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. PLASKETT , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. ESTYof Connecticut, Mr. E VANS , Mr. PALLONE , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. COSTA , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. PANETTA , Mr. J ONES , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. CRIST, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Mr. SIRES): H.R. 5391. A bill to provide for the compensation of Federal employees furloughed during a Government shutdown; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CARTER of Texas: H.R. 5392. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to enter into memoranda of understanding with State and local prosecuting authorities concerning the adjudication of criminal offenses committed by minors; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. ROYCE of California (for himself, Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Mr. STIVERS , and Mrs. BEATTY ): H.R. 5393. A bill to reauthorize the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5394. A bill to amend the reporting requirements under the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for himself, Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. K INGof New York, Miss RICEof New York, Mr. MEEKS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. JEFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. F ASO, Ms. STEFANIK , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. R EED, Mr. KATKO , and Mr. H IGGINS of New York): H.R. 5395. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 116 Main Street in Dansville, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Alexandria Gleason Morrow Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for himself and Mr. CAPUANO ): H.R. 5396. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow graduate students to exclude tuition reductions from gross income; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. C OURTNEY , and Mr. HIMES): H.R. 5397. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish, at the request of an eligible veteran, nursing home care and hospital care at State licensed or certified residential care facilities; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself, Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. CRIST, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. KINGof New York, and Ms. J AYAPAL ): H.R. 5398. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to increase the age at which a rifle or shotgun may be acquired from a federally licensed firearms dealer, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. GABBARD (for herself, Mr. GARRETT , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mrs. RADEWAGEN , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Mr. YOUNG of Alaska): H.R. 5399. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to clarify that grants made pursuant to the Urban Area Security Initiative and the State Homeland Security Grant Program may be used to increase the preparedness of highrisk State, local, territorial, and tribal governments against weapons of mass destruction and biological and chemical attacks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. GROTHMAN (for himself, Mr. ROKITA , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. CONAWAY , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. PERRY , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. KING of Iowa, Mr. F LORES , Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. S ANFORD , and Mr. GOSAR ): H.R. 5400. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of Education and the Attorney General from encouraging certain policies or agreements between elementary and secondary schools and local law enforcement agencies; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI (for himself, Ms. LOFGREN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. MOORE , Mr. H ECK, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida): H.R. 5401. A bill to amend title 41, United States Code, to require executive agencies to give priority to entities with onsite child care for employees in awarding certain contracts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. LOUDERMILK (for himself and Mr. CONNOLLY ): H.R. 5402. A bill to require the establishment of Federal customer service standards, to improve the service and customer experience provided by Federal agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 5403. A bill to establish a competitive bidding process for the relocation of the headquarters of Executive agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 5404. A bill to define the dollar as a fixed weight of gold; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. ROUZER: H.R. 5405. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 2014 to provide a limited exception to the prohibition on price loss coverage payments or agriculture risk coverage payments when the sum of the base acres on a farm is 10 acres or less; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. SENSENBRENNER ): H.R. 5406. A bill to amend section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, to require that the annual budget submissions of the Presidents include the total dollar amount requested for intelligence or intelligence related activities of each element of the Government engaged in such activities; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. POEof Texas, Mr. POSEY , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Ms. TENNEY , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. K ING of Iowa, Mr. FLORES , Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. DUNN): H.R. 5407. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop educational materials relating to human trafficking in schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H. Con. Res. 116. Concurrent resolution providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 1625; considered and agreed to. By Mr. BUDD (for himself, Mr. MEADOWS, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. KHANNA , and Ms. L OFGREN ): H. Res. 797. A resolution recognizing the contributions of the Montagnard indigenous tribespeople of the Central Highlands of Vietnam to the United States Armed Forces during the Vietnam War, and condemning the ongoing violation of human rights by the Government of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CAPUANO: H. Res. 798. A resolution commemorating the 50th anniversary of the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., through the teaching of nonviolence; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. CUELLAR , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. E VANS , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas, Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. KIHUEN , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. MATSUI , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. RUIZ, Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. S OTO, Ms. SPEIER , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. VARGAS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. W ATSONCOLEMAN , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. V ELA, Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Ms. LEE, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. PETERS , and Ms. G ABBARD ): H. Res. 799. A resolution recognizing March 31 as ‘‘Ce´sar Cha´vez Day’’ in honor of the accomplishments and legacy of Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. COOPER: H. Res. 800. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to require the House to replace the Speaker on the first day of the second session of a Congress if the most recent fiscal year ended with a significant Federal budget deficit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. GARRETT: H. Res. 801. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to prohibit the consideration of legislation in the House unless the text of the legislation which will be considered has been made publicly available in electronic form for a mandatory minimum review period; to the Committee on Rules. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (for herself and Mr. BLUMENAUER ): H. Res. 802. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of World Water Day; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Science, Space, and Technology, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LANCE (for himself and Mrs. DAVIS of California): H. Res. 803. A resolution expressing support for designation of the weeks of March 25, 2018, through April 7, 2018, as National Young Audiences Arts for Learning Weeks; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H. Res. 804. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia should work within the framework of the United Nations process and in good faith with Greece to achieve longstanding United States and United Nations policy goals by finding a mutually acceptable name that must apply for all internal and international uses (erga omnes), for the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. ROYBALALLARD (for herself, Mr. WITTMAN , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. MCGOVERN , and Ms. GRANGER ): H. Res. 805. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Public Health Week; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. DUNN: H.R. 5379. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 5380. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ROYCE of California: H.R. 5381. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 5382. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ: H.R. 5383. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POCAN: H.R. 5384. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: H.R. 5385. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 5386. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and 18 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 5387. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes). By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 5388. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States;’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes;’’ and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers . . .’’ By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 5389. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The ‘‘necessary and proper’’ clause of Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CUMMINGS: H.R. 5390. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 5391. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 7 of section 9 of Article I of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. CARTER of Texas: H.R. 5392. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. (14) The Congress shall have the power to make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces. (1) The Congress shall have the power to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. By Mr. ROYCE of California: H.R. 5393. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5394. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution under the General Welfare Clause. By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 5395. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 5396. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States. 
By Ms. D ELAURO: H.R. 5397. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution and Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. DEUTCH: H.R. 5398. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 3 and Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 5399. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 5400. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution 
By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI: H.R. 5401. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The authority to offer this bill derives from Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, of the US Constitution. By Mr. LOUDERMILK: H.R. 5402. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: Necessary and Proper Clause To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 5403. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 and Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 5404. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 5 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. ROUZER: H.R. 5405. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 5406. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. YOHO: H.R. 5407. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 51: Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 303: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 500: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 754: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. W ILSON  of South Carolina, and Mr. CURTIS . H.R. 778: Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 846: Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. M EADOWS , Mrs. BLACK , and Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 881: Mrs. ROBY. H.R. 898: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 930: Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky and Mr. HUIZENGA . H.R. 1017: Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. BANKS of Indiana, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. R OGERS  of Alabama, and Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 1120: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 1136: Mr. GARRETT . H.R. 1225: Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 1318: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut and Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 1406: Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. H.R. 1421: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 1439: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1562: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 1602: Mr. MOOLENAAR . H.R. 1612: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 1692: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 1697: Mrs. BLACKBURN and Mr. W ITTMAN. H.R. 1818: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 1820: Mr. CRIST. H.R. 1825: Mr. GALLAGHER and Mr. D UNCAN  of Tennessee. H.R. 1841: Mr. KIHUEN . H.R. 1861: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. R OYCE of California, and Mr. FERGUSON . H.R. 1898: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 1903: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 1957: Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 2106: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 2135: Mr. LAWSON of Florida. H.R. 2150: Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. P ALLONE , and Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 2259: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2345: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 2358: Mr. MESSER , Mr. C OLE, and Mr. CORREA . H.R. 2566: Mr. COHEN , Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 2584: Mrs. LOVEand Mr. P ANETTA . H.R. 2640: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2740: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania and Ms. BORDALLO . H.R. 2862: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 2899: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 3207: Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , and Mr. P ANETTA . H.R. 3464: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 3513: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 3569: Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 3654: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Mrs. TORRES , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. COURTNEY , and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 3682: Ms. BARRAGA ´N. H.R. 3738: Mr. BUTTERFIELD and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 3894: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4016: Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 4022: Mr. PETERS , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. BROWN of Maryland, and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4025: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 4099: Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD . H.R. 4143: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 4198: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 4240: Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 4327: Mr. BANKS of Indiana. H.R. 4392: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 4426: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4489: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4509: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 4527: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 4536: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 4548: Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. MCCOLLUM , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, and Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 4647: Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 4659: Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H.R. 4732: Mr. COSTA , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mrs. TORRES . H.R. 4737: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 4770: Mr. GALLAGHER . H.R. 4811: Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 4835: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 4854: Mr. UPTON . H.R. 4889: Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 4902: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee and Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 4943: Mr. EMMER . H.R. 4973: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska and Mr. BANKS of Indiana. H.R. 4989: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 4997: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 5001: Ms. NORTON and Mr. C ORREA . H.R. 5011: Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. BEYER , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. HOYER , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. HUFFMAN , Mrs. T ORRES , and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 5015: Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 5076: Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 5086: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 5087: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 5096: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 5109: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 5113: Mr. CORREA . H.R. 5141: Mr. WITTMAN , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. TAKANO , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. H IMES, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. SINEMA , Mr. M EEKS , and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 5179: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 5192: Mr. DUFFY . H.R. 5199: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 5202: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 5222: Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. CORREA . H.R. 5244: Mr. FASO. H.R. 5270: Mr. GIBBS. H.R. 5310: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 5324: Mr. ROEof Tennessee and Mr. MITCHELL . H.R. 5336: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. H.R. 5356: Mr. LANGEVIN and Mr. A USTIN  SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 5357: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 5358: Mr. GIBBS and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 5359: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 5374: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. H.J. Res. 1: Mr. SMUCKER . H. Res. 128: Mr. PAYNE . H. Res. 356: Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. COHEN , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. M OULTON . H. Res. 433: Mrs. LOVE. H. Res. 673: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H. Res. 763: Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. POSEY , Mr. C OLE, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. STEWART , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. FLORES , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H. Res. 774: Mr. LANCE and Mr. M AC ARTHUR . H. Res. 777: Mr. KENNEDY , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. PALLONE , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Ms. JACKSON LEE. H. Res. 786: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. K IND, Mrs. TORRES , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. WENSTRUP , and Mr. E SPAILLAT . f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1885 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MARCH 22, 2018 No. 50 
The Senate met at 10:31 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable ROY BLUNT , a Senator from the State of Missouri. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, our Father, may life’s seasons teach us that You stand within the shadows keeping watch above Your own. We praise You that You are our refuge and strength, a very present help in turbulent times. Lord, cultivate within our lawmakers the grace of gratitude as they seek to stand for right for the glory of Your Name. May they refrain from hasty speech, as they labor to treat others as they would have others treat them. Empower them to grow in Your grace and in a greater knowledge of Your will and wisdom. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 