Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, almost exactly a year ago, when the Trump administration came into office and the new Republican majority again elected its leaders, they promised to focus on the forgotten American, the middle class families that have been left behind, according to the speeches that were given at that time. Well, there is no issue which I think resonates more powerfully with middle class families than the unrelenting rise in the cost of college and higher education. Again, the numbers surround us: $1.3 trillion in student loan debt, according to the Federal Reserve Board. Just a few weeks ago, some colleges and universities, the real flagships of our Nation, the Harvards, the Yales, announced that tuition, room and board now will exceed $70,000 a year. Again, not every college charges that much, but, unfortunately, if you look historically, as those colleges and universities surpass these unfortunate milestones, most colleges follow right in the wake. We need action and we need change in terms of making sure that that ticket to success, whether it is in science, technology, engineering, and math, for young Americans is actually going to exist, and this Congress has neglected and failed to move forward. Just within the last month, what we have seen is the following. The IRS just issued their followup rules to the Republican tax bill, which clarifies that families can no longer deduct home equity loans to pay for college. So for a family who has diligently paid their mortgages, whose kid has been accepted to a college and university, who doesn’t qualify for Pell grants, who has exhausted their Stafford loans, because those are capped, and who wants to actually use the equity in their house to help pay for college, they can no longer deduct the interest on those payments. I am very much thankful to the Republican tax bill, which, again, took great care of people who earn over $400,000, whose top marginal rates were drastically cut, or corporations whose rates were drastically cut; but middle class families are, again, now being asked to bear a higher cost for college by cutting off that avenue that, again, millions of families have used over the years in terms of using their home’s equity. In addition, the Secretary of Education, Betsy DeVos—400 days in office and she has never stepped foot in the Education and the Workforce Committee, which I sit on—last Friday, issued a rule that basically preempted the ability of States attorneys general to issue rules and regulations to protect students and families from unscrupulous loan servicers. Again, our offices get flooded with calls with frustrated students who graduated and, again, have loan servicers who lose documents, who lose payments. And, again, what was happening at the State level, both Republicans and Democratic attorneys general were putting into place rules and regulations to protect those people caught in these predicaments. On Friday, the Secretary of Education, a Republican, who supposedly believes in States’ rights, told those States that they will be issuing rules preempting States from protecting those people caught in these situations. Unbelievable. Lastly, last week, the Office of Inspector General, which is a nonpartisan arm of government—its job is to look at government negligence and malfeasance and problems—issued a warning that the Republican higher education bill, which was reported out in December, the misnamed PROSPER Act, will, again, lift all the regulations on for profit colleges, which, again, take advantage of students, overpromising skills and degrees that turn out to be worthless at the end. Again, we know about ITT Tech, Corinthian Colleges, which was shut down by the last administration because of the outrageous practices that they were involved in. The PROSPER Act basically lifts all of those controls that the Department has over them, and it is open season in terms of students who are going to be subject to that kind of environment. By the way, the group that is probably the most vulnerable are veterans, 
because their GI Bill is so rich in benefits, those are the ones that forprofit colleges target. Why do I know that? Holly Petraeus, General David Petraeus’s wife, who was in charge of warning veterans about these problems a couple of years ago—again, the term that she uses is that forprofit colleges see servicemembers as nothing more than dollar signs in uniforms—again, has warned us that this sector of the higher education community needs more scrutiny in terms of making sure that there is real gainful employment for people who go through these colleges, and to make sure that those colleges actually do not siphon off precious GI Bill dollars, Pell dollars and Stafford loans. It is time for this Congress to wake up and respond to what was one of the most powerful issues in 2016 about the cost of colleges drowning middle class families. But just again in the last month, we have seen this Republican administration and this Congress go in exactly the opposite direction. We need better. 
REMEMBERING GRADY ‘‘BUBBER’’ BROWN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, Grady ‘‘Bubber’’ Brown passed away on February 10, 2018, in Lake Providence, Louisiana. Born on March 8, 1934, he was the son of the late William Dennis Brown, Jr., and Martha Wyly Brown. During college at the age of 19, he and his younger brother, Philip, were given 48 acres of land to farm rice on during their summer break. That year, they made a $800 profit and immediately spent it on an airplane. Buzzy Tomlinson had a plane for sale, and they bought it with the agreement that he would teach them to fly, and he did. He gave them about 5 hours of instructions and sent them on their way. They landed on their own front yard, as proud as they could be to show their parents the new purchase. Steve Guenard did give them official flight lessons, and both received their pilot’s license. After graduation from LSU, Bubber joined the Naval Aviation Officer Candidate School. He spent the next 4 years flying F–J3s, F–J4s, Chance Vought F8U–1s, and F8U–2s. He had two Mediterranean tours, one North American tour, and he had a 3 month tour off the coast of Cuba. He made over 400 carrier landings, both day and night, during his time in service. His father died in 1961, so he decided to resign his regular commission and return to manage the family Panola farm. In 1966, his cousin, Brenda Brown, came home from college with her roommate, Jennie Lou Ropp. Bubber and Jennie Lou were married a year later, and they have three children today: Grady, Jr.; Glen; and Katie. He was always involved with the children’s activities. He was president of St. Patrick’s school board for 12 years, baseball coach, flight instructor, hunting guide, and more and more. He not only taught both of his sons to fly, but his nephew, too; and he was very proud of them. Bubber was an entrepreneur. He was the first farmer in the area to utilize second growth farming. He always came up with new projects. In 1983, Bubber decided to start a new business, Panola Pepper Corporation, making his mother’s recipe for her famous hot sauce. The idea was to employ his farm workers during the winter season. Creating jobs was his passion, and it was his specialty in the Lake Providence, Louisiana, area. Bubber was on many councils and committees, and received numerous awards. He served on the Louisiana Rice Council for many years and was actively involved in the LSU Rice Research Station. He was the lifelong member of St. Patrick’s Catholic Church, where he was on the church building committee, parish council, finance council, and an active member of the Knights of Columbus. He was also a lecture, usher, and Eucharistic minister. In 2003, he received the Louisiana Small Business Award. In 2005, he was asked by Governor Blanco to travel to Cuba with her delegation to promote Louisiana agriculture. Bubber had seven grandchildren: Wyly Brown, Lauren Brown, Emma Brown, Carter Coullard, Will Brown, Ben Coullard, and Andrew Brown. He loved his grandchildren and was very proud of every one of them. Bubber’s legacy is that he taught his family how to be good Christians. He taught them all about goodness, kindness, patience, peace, hospitality, generosity, joy, faithfulness, selfcontrol, and, most of all, love. Bubber was the epitome of the Southern gentleman. He will be sorely missed. 
RECOGNIZING DREW SCOTT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, my office is now accepting artwork for the 2018 Congressional Art Competition. Each spring, the Congressional Institute sponsors a nationwide high school visual arts competition to recognize artistic talent in the Nation and in each congressional district. In 2017, the winning entry was drawn by Drew Scott from RockportFulton High School. Her piece, ‘‘Complementary Calico,’’ along with the other 2017 winning entries from other congressional districts, currently hang in the Cannon tunnel, the walkway that connects the U.S. Capitol to the House office buildings. The Congressional Art Competition is a great way to encourage artistic abilities and reward talented students for their efforts and gives them an opportunity to compete. Since the competition began in 1982, more than 6,500 high school students have participated. Students from the district I represent, the 27th District of Texas, who wish to participate in this competition may submit up to two pieces of artwork to my office by Friday, April 6, 2018, in order to be considered. I wish all the talented high schoolers of the 27th District of Texas the best of luck. RECOGNIZING JOYCE HUNSAKER  
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Joyce Hunsaker, a 17yearold from Corpus Christi, who recently won a bronze medal in the International Bunker Trap at the World Shotgun Championship in Moscow. Joyce has been named a member of the elite 4person Texas State National 4–H shotgun team. In June of last year, her teammates and her competed in the National Championships in Grand Island, Nebraska, where they took home first place in team skeet shooting and sporting clays, third in trap, and earned the title of National Champions for 2017. Joyce also competed and won the Junior Women’s gold medal in the 2017 State Junior Olympics international bunker trap competition last year. Joyce then advanced to the 2017 National Junior Olympic Championships in Colorado Springs, where she took home a bronze medal in the Junior Women’s International Bunker Trap event and was selected to represent the United States as a member of the 2017 Junior World Cup Team. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Joyce on all her hard work and success that she is enjoying as a result of it. Keep up the good work. 
GUNS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ) for 5 minutes. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I want to share the words of Geneva Cunningham. She is 15 years old. She is a ninth grader from the Hopkins Grammar School in New Haven, Connecticut. Geneva witnessed the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre when she was only in the fourth grade. Geneva’s father gave me her poem in the wake of the Parkland, Florida, school shooting, though Geneva wrote it just a few days before the shooting occurred. This is what she wrote: 
A mother called her child Kissing his forehead On his way to school. For the boy It was a normal day Until the darkness came And swept the light away. We did not ask for this. We did not ask to hear gunshots In slamming doors and dropping books. We did not ask To witness the murders Of the children We played with at recess. We did not know That our teacher Had taught us our final lesson. And we believed her When she said The red spilling from her foot Was only paint. Sweet ignorance The honey in our poisoned tea The salt we mistook for sugar. But where do we draw the line? Between knowledge and ignorance When do we know to cover our eyes When the darkness Begins to swallow us whole. We united this country By stating ‘‘We are one.’’ And on that principle Our Forefathers said You may ‘‘bear arms’’ to fight against them. You may defend Against them. 
But who is this ‘‘them’’? If we are one Who are we fighting against? If we are one Then who are we defending? If we are taking lives to begin with Because killing is still killing. The number of lives lost Is no victory On our own soil Or on any soil. We say we are equals. So who gets the power To decide Who lives and who dies? Because by giving open access to these weapons We are giving power To trembling hands. And these hands Were the ones to take the life of the little boy The day he was learning How to read. These machines were not designed for play. They were designed to kill. If we use them on the battlefield If they can take a life Then they are not worth it. Because I promise you A life is worth more Than any machine Used for fun. Yet we bear these weapons. We claim that we enjoy The crack At the end of the rifle. Yeah, it may seem fun On the other side. But what if You are on the opposite end? Begging Pleading Crying out For your life. For the lives of your friends For the lives of your classmates For the life of your teacher. We must be sure Whose fingers we can trust On the trigger Because that choice May determine Your life The lives of your friends The lives of your family And the lives of those you love. Mr. Speaker, this is the voice of a child who has witnessed murder. How have we allowed this to become normal in America? Geneva’s poem is beautiful, and she never should have had to write it. But this is the world that we live in: a world where NRA dollars drive decisions, sales for bulletproof backpacks are soaring, and 14yearolds have seen their teachers and their friends die at school. We must ban assault weapons. They have no place in our society. And we must ban highcapacity magazines. We need to hold gun manufacturers accountable for crimes committed with their guns and end the de facto ban on gun research. These are commonsense reforms. As Marjory Stoneman Douglas student Emma Gonzalez said so pointedly: ‘‘We are going to be the kids you read about in textbooks, not because we are going to be another statistic about mass shooting in America, but because . . . we are going to be the last mass shooting.’’ I pray that she is right. But it is Congress that needs to provide more than thoughts and prayers for a change. We must take action. That is our moral responsibility. 
TARIFFS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ARRINGTON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, the year 1776 marked a turning point not only in American history, but in human history. While brave patriots here in America were affirming their right to equal representation and, ultimately, revolution, a Scottish philosopher named Adam Smith was revolutionizing the way we think about economics. ‘‘The Wealth of Nations’’ was the book he wrote where he extolled the virtues of free markets and free trade, showing how all benefit from robust competition and an open marketplace. Mr. Speaker, because of tax cuts and regulatory reform, returning to freer markets in this country, we have this economy off high center and growing at a rate we haven’t seen in over a decade. While some of my friends across the aisle would like to dispute this, the results speak for themselves. Just last month our economy added over 300,000 new jobs and over 800,000 people joined the labor force, the largest 1month jump in over 30 years. Mr. Speaker, people are looking for work, and they are finding work. With the stock market, business, consumer confidence, and the labor participation rate at alltime highs and the unemployment at a 50year low, the last thing that we need and want to do is impose a new kind of government intervention to diminish the great economic progress we have made. I am concerned, Mr. Speaker, that these tariffs that the White House and others have talked about, if not appropriately targeted, could do this and could have unintended, negative consequences on the American economy, on American consumers, and on hardworking American families. The Texas delegation has a unique stake in this issue. For 16 consecutive years, Texas has been the top exporting State in the country with over $264 billion in exports for 2017. So trade policy has a significant impact on our constituents. That is why last week my colleagues and I sent a letter authored by Ways and Means Chairman KEVIN BRADY to the President urging him to take a more measured and surgical approach in imposing tariffs. And I am glad it looks like that the White House and the President have heard and have heeded our pleas. I believe in free trade, Mr. Speaker. I believe in open global markets. And it has improved standard of living for everyone. However, free trade only works if everybody plays by the same rules; that is, free trade and fair trade go hand in hand. For years, China has been gaming the system by dumping their product, infringing on our intellectual property rights, manipulating their currency, and circumventing trade agreements for years. President Trump was right to call them out. He was right to hold them accountable. I am confident that we can work with the White House so that tariffs ensure fair competition and protect our national security interests while also making sure we don’t harm consumers here at home. 
HONORING THE TOP 10 FEMALE HIPHOP COLLABORATIONS OF ALL TIME The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, throughout the years, artists such as Elvis Presley, Frank Sinatra, and Bruce Springsteen have been recognized on the floor of the House of Representatives. Today I rise to honor the top 10 female MC hiphop collaborations of all time. Number 10: Eve, ‘‘My Chick Bad remix.’’ Number 9: Monie Love, ‘‘My Buddy.’’ Number 8: Missy Elliott, ‘‘Hot Boyz remix.’’ Number 7: Remy Ma, ‘‘Ante Up remix.’’ Number 6: Lauryn Hill, ‘‘Ready or Not.’’ Number 5: Nicki Minaj, ‘‘Up All Night.’’ Number 4: Da Brat, ‘‘Da B Side.’’ 
Number 3: Lady of Rage, ‘‘G Funk Intro.’’ Number 2: Fox Boogie Brown, ‘‘Ain’t No.’’ Number 1: Representing BK to the fullest, Lil’ Kim, ‘‘Quiet Storm remix.’’ These extraordinary MCs, along with legendary pioneers such as Queen Latifah, MC Lyte, and SaltNPepa, shattered hiphop’s glass ceiling with their skill, talent, and lyrical ability. As we celebrate Women’s History Month here in the United States Congress, these dynamic women are worthy to be praised. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 25 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. ADERHOLT ) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Dear Lord, we give You thanks for giving us another day. At the beginning of the week, we use this moment to be reminded of Your presence and to tap the resources needed by the Members of this House to do their work as well as it can be done. May they be led by Your Spirit in the decisions they make. May their faith in You deliver them from any tensions that might tear the people’s House apart and from worries that might wear them out. All this day, and through the week, may they do their best to find solutions to pressing issues facing our Nation. Please hasten the day when justice and love shall dwell in the hearts of all peoples and rule the affairs of the nations of Earth. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
HONORING GIRL SCOUTS ON ITS 106TH BIRTHDAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Girl Scouts of the USA as it celebrates its 106th birthday. I know firsthand the positive impact that Scouting can have on the life of a young person. I have been actively involved with the Boy Scouts of America my whole life. On March 12, 1912, Juliette Gordon Low founded the first Girl Scout troop with just 18 girls. Over a century later, more than 50 million American women are Girl Scout alums, and the Girl Scout program reaches 2.6 million members. Girl Scouts helps girls lead in their own lives and communities. It also positions them to become tomorrow’s leaders in our country and the world by encouraging them to dream big and work hard to achieve their goals. Girl Scouts is committed to ensuring all girls develop to their full potential. This week, as we celebrate Girl Scouts’ 106th birthday, I applaud the Girl Scout councils that serve girls in my community for building evermore girls of courage, confidence, and character. 
HONORING INDIANA STATE SENATOR DAVID LONG (Mr. BANKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, the 2018 session of the Indiana General Assembly will draw to a close, and with it, so will the career of one of the Hoosier State’s most distinguished legislators. Senate President Pro Tempore Senator David Long recently announced that, after 22 years of public service, he will retire later this year. Under his transformational leadership, our State enacted sweeping education reforms, balanced the budget, delivered historic tax cuts, advanced the cause of life, and passed righttowork legislation. Senator Long played a pivotal role in our State’s progress over the last decade and a half, and his impact in Indiana will be felt for generations to come. My wife, Amanda, and I both had the honor of serving with David in the State Senate, and we are proud to call him a mentor and friend. During my time at the statehouse, I learned so much from Senator Long; and in my work here in the Congress, I am constantly reminded of lessons I learned from him when we served together. Hoosiers deeply appreciate Senator Long’s incredible record of accomplishment during his time in office. I wish him; his wife, Melissa; and his family the very best in the years to come. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 9, 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Clerk received the following message from the Secretary of the Senate on March 9, 2018, at 9:47 a.m.: That the Senate passed without an amendment H.R. 1177. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM LEGISLATIVE DIRECTOR, THE HONORABLE JODY B. HICE OF GEORGIA, MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from Timothy Reitz, Legislative Director, the Honorable JODY B. HICEof Georgia, Member of Congress: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 13, 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally, pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that I have been served with a subpoena for testimony in a criminal trial issued by the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. After consultation with the Office of General Counsel, I have determined that compliance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. Sincerely, TIMOTHY REITZ, Legislative Director. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 4:45 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 5 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1644 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HOLDING ) at 4 o’clock and 44 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Tennessee for his compassionate words on the tragic loss of three dedicated, selfless servants in care of our veterans. I very much appreciate that, and it is a challenging time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 324, the State Veterans Home Adult Day Health Care Improvement Act. I want to thank Senator HATCH for introducing this innovative and bipartisan bill. S. 324 directs the VA to enter into an agreement with each State home to pay for medical supervision model adult healthcare for a veteran for whom the home is not receiving VA nursing home payments. Ensuring that veterans have access to appropriate affordable geriatric and longterm care is becoming increasingly important. In 2017, approximately 9.8 million veterans, or 46 percent, were 65 years or older. In addition, VA’s own Enrollee Health Care Projection Model indicates a further demand on longterm care and support services is coming as the Vietnamera cohort ages, with most having gone beyond age 75 by 2026. At present, VA is required to cover the cost of nursing home care in the 
State Veterans Home for any veteran in need of such care due to a service connected disability or with a service connected disability rated 70 percent or more. However, there is increasing demand for VA to offer geriatric and longterm programs for veterans in noninstitutional settings that would allow them to receive the services and support they need to remain in their homes—their preferred venue. Adult day healthcare programs provide veterans in need of supportive services with companionship, peer support, recreation, and certain healthcare services, while allowing them to stay and maintain their independence. In testimony before the Subcommittee on Health last year, the National Association of State Veterans Homes claimed that there are a number of State homes across the country interested in providing medical model ADHC services; however, the current basic ADHC per diem paid to the State Veterans Home by the VA is not sufficient for most homes to cover the cost of this program. As a result, only 3 State Veterans Homes out of 153, nationwide, provide this program. This legislation would correct that imbalance, allowing veterans who would otherwise qualify for more costly VA nursing home care the ability to stay in their home longer, at a reduced cost. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BERGMAN ), from the Upper Peninsula, chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 324, the State Veterans Home Adult Day Health Care Improvement Act of 2017. This is very personal to me. My cousin, a fellow Vietnam vet who served on the DMZ with the Army, is currently in need of and receiving some of that care for some serious health issues he has right now as a result of exposure to Agent Orange. The bill we are talking about here strikes a responsible balance by promoting access to necessary medical services for veterans, while also improving quality of life by allowing them to return home to their families each night. Adult day healthcare does more than just provide veterans with the medical care that they need; it also offers muchneeded relief to their caregivers. Oftentimes, friends and family come together to help with the daily care that these veterans and their families require. By giving veterans the opportunity to access medical care for up to 8 hours a day through a State veterans home, caregivers will have the opportunity to fulfill their personal responsibilities for themselves and their families. They can get on and get their life in order while still serving their veteran family member. These folks work day in and day out to provide unparalleled care, loving care to our most vulnerable veterans. S. 324 recognizes their selfless commitment and works to enhance their work life balance so they can continue to serve veterans. In my district, folks deal with the circumstances of rural living every day. This often means limited access to resources and fewer options for receiving the services they need. The D.J. Jacobetti Home for Veterans in Marquette is a perfect example of what can be achieved when Federal resources are narrowly focused and responsibly applied. Jacobetti Home’s ability to create a family environment where veterans can receive the care they need while maintaining quality in their daily lives is a testament to what is possible when the Federal Government helps local institutions provide services for the people they know best. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of S. 324. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ), the author of the bill on the House side and also an Iraq war veteran. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I am very excited to be here because I know just how many disabled veterans in our country are on wait lists for adult day healthcare and now will be getting a service that is just so important and overdue. I certainly want to thank Chairman ROEand his great staff, the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, the ranking member and his team as well, everybody coming together working hard on behalf of our disabled veterans who need it most. I rise in support of S. 324. It is the Senate companion to my bill, H.R. 1005, which is a bill to provide adult day healthcare and save State Veterans Homes for veterans who are 70 percent or more serviceconnected disabled. This bill is an extension to the Veterans Benefits, Health Care, and Information Technology Act of 2006, which currently provides nocost nursing home care at any State Veterans Home to veterans who are 70 percent or more serviceconnected disabled. Medical model adult day healthcare provides comprehensive medical nursing and personal care services combined with engaging social activities for physically or cognitively impaired adults. Medical model adult day healthcare offers a complete array of rehabilitative therapies, including physical, occupational, and speech therapies, hospice and palliative care, social work, spiritual, nutritional counseling, and therapeutic recreation. The program is designed to promote socialization and stimulation and maximize the participant’s independence, while enhancing their quality of life. The program is staffed by a great team of multidisciplinary healthcare professionals who evaluate each participant and customize an individualized plan of care specific to their health and social needs. Adult day healthcare is an alternative care setting that can allow some veterans who require longterm care services to remain in their homes as opposed to being institutionalized in a nursing home. Such veterans typically require support from some, but not all, activities of assisted daily living— ADLs—such as bathing, dressing, or feeding. In many cases, the spouse or their family member may provide the veteran with much of their care, but they require additional support for some of the veteran’s ADLs. By filling these gaps, adult day healthcare can allow these veterans to remain in their homes and communities for additional months, or even years, and thereby lower the financial cost of caring for these heroes. Adult day healthcare also provides family caregivers support and relief to meet their other professional and family obligations and provides a welldeserved respite while their loved ones are participating in the program. In addition to thanking Chairman ROEfor his leadership and support on this important issue, I also want to thank Senator HATCH for carrying this effort in the Senate, as well as Fred Sganga and the Long Island State Veterans Home in Stony Brook for their great efforts. That is a State Veterans Home located in the First Congressional District of New York, one of three places currently offering adult day healthcare. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from New York. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, this is a piece of legislation that will provide a valuable and necessary service to our Nation’s veterans, and I am urging my colleagues to support this commonsense, bipartisan legislation. What goes on too often unnoticed in this House is the great staff that we have to help make these efforts possible. So, from the leadership team, I want to thank staff John Leganski and Kelly Dixon, and in my office, as legislative director, Kevin Dowling, and Matthew Scott. Thank you again to the great House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, and we will all greatly miss Chairman ROEas he departs. Hopefully, maybe we will get him to change his mind, but in the meantime, I will just say we enjoyed serving with him, and I hope that he won’t go anywhere for a very long time. He is a great leader for our veterans as well as being our ranking member. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman has no further speakers, I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Long Island—he clearly understands this issue—for his 
passionate work on this, and we are grateful for it. I, too, would like to add my voice to this, to the chairman for once again proving to America that this Congress can work, that there are bipartisan solutions to issues that we care about in serving our constituents and our veterans and others. It is something that we are very proud of here. It doesn’t always come easy, but his leadership somehow finds a way to bring us to the table. We get it done, and I am grateful for that. I urge my colleagues to join us in passing S. 324, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, unless Mr. ZELDIN has talked to my doctor and knows something I don’t know, I hope to be here next year. That is my plan. I appreciate the opportunity to work on this bill with him. He has been a great advocate, as the ranking member has been. This is a bill that is long overdue, much needed, and I give my strong support along with—I think I can speak for them—the entire Veterans’ Affairs Committee. We voiced this. I encourage Members to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 324. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1700 ENDANGERED FISH RECOVERY PROGRAMS EXTENSION ACT OF 2017 Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4465) to maintain annual base funding for the Upper Colorado and San Juan fish recovery programs through fiscal year 2023, to require a report on the implementation of those programs, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4465 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Endangered Fish Recovery Programs Extension Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION TO USE UPPER COLORADO RIVER BASIN FUND REVENUES FOR ANNUAL BASE FUNDING OF FISH RECOVERY PROGRAMS; REMOVAL OF CERTAIN REPORTING REQUIREMENT. 
Section 3(d)(2) of Public Law 106–392 (114 Stat. 1604; 126 Stat. 2444) is amended— (1) in the fourth sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘; except that’’ and all that follows through ‘‘capital projects and monitoring’’; and (2) by striking the fifth, sixth, and seventh sentences. SEC. 3. REPORT ON RECOVERY IMPLEMENTATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 3 of Public Law 106–392 (114 Stat. 1603; 126 Stat. 2444) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) REPORT .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2021, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that— ‘‘(A) describes the accomplishments of the Recovery Implementation Programs; ‘‘(B) identifies— ‘‘(i) as of the date of the report, the listing status under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) of the Colorado pikeminnow, humpback chub, razorback sucker, and bonytail; and ‘‘(ii) as of September 30, 2023, the projected listing status under that Act of each of the species referred to in clause (i); ‘‘(C)(i) identifies— ‘‘(I) the total expenditures and the expenditures by categories of activities by the Recovery Implementation Programs during the period beginning on the date on which the applicable Recovery Implementation Program was established and ending on September 30, 2021; and ‘‘(II) projected expenditures by the Recovery Implementation Programs during the period beginning on October 1, 2021, and ending on September 30, 2023; ‘‘(ii) for purposes of the expenditures identified under clause (i), includes a description of— ‘‘(I) any expenditures of appropriated funds; ‘‘(II) any power revenues; ‘‘(III) any contributions by the States, power customers, Tribes, water users, and environmental organizations; and ‘‘(IV) any other sources of funds for the Recovery Implementation Programs; and ‘‘(D) describes— ‘‘(i) any activities to be carried out under the Recovery Implementation Program after September 30, 2023; and ‘‘(ii) the projected cost of the activities described under clause (i). ‘‘(2) CONSULTATION REQUIRED .—The Secretary shall consult with the participants in the Recovery Implementation Programs in preparing the report under paragraph (1).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CURTIS ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today we are considering my bill, H.R. 4465, the Endangered Fish Recovery Programs Extension Act of 2017. This bipartisan bill extends efforts to promote the dual goals of recovering certain fish species protected under the Endangered Species Act, while ensuring the continued reliability of water and power operations in the West. I would like to thank the Members of Congress, both Republican and Democrat, who have cosponsored my bill. I also appreciate the work of ROBBISHOP  as chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee and his help over the last several months to move my bill through the legislative process. I think it is also worth mentioning that we have received over 20 letters of support for this bill from a wide range of stakeholders, including water conservation districts, Indian Tribes, conservation organizations, State governments, and more. With a total water storage capacity of more than 30 million acrefeet and a capacity to generate over 5 billion megawatt hours of energy annually, the Colorado River Storage Project, or CRSP, has been vital to the economics of the Upper Colorado and San Juan River Basin States of Colorado, New Mexico, Utah, Wyoming, and Arizona. Four fish species listed under the Endangered Species Act also call the basin home, and the threat of water and power restrictions resulting from these listings prompted the affected States to enter into an agreement with Federal and nonFederal partners to ensure the continued reliability of the water and power operations in the West. These agreements resulted in the Upper Colorado River Endangered Fish Recovery Program and the San Juan River Basin Recovery Implementation Program. In 2000, Congress enacted legislation to establish Federal participation and costsharing agreements, including the authority to use CRSP power revenues, to support these two programs. Congress reauthorized the programs in 2012, but also added necessary oversight and accountability reforms to ensure that funds are going towards recovery. H.R. 4465 extends the use of CRSP power revenues through 2023, which aligns with the recovery deadline for these programs and does not require any new Federal spending of Americans’ hardearned tax dollars. In addition, the bill extends the existing transparency improvements and adds a report to highlight the programs’ performance. This reauthorization is necessary to ensure that the more than 2,300 water and power projects in the fiveState region can continue to operate in compliance with the Endangered Species Act. I am hopeful that at the conclusion of this reauthorization through 2023, these programs will have accomplished what they are seeking to achieve: the recovery and delisting of four endangered fish species. Mr. Speaker, I believe this bill is a great example of how Members of Congress can work across party lines to solve an issue facing their respective 
States. I look forward to working together with my colleagues and solving other problems with a similar commonsense and bipartisan approach. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues in supporting this bipartisan legislation and urge its adoption by the House. H.R. 4465 extends the authorization through 2023 of the Upper Colorado River Endangered Fish Recovery Program and the San Juan River Basin Recovery Implementation Program. These two multiagency partnerships bring together local, State, and Federal agencies; water users; utilities; and environmental organizations to help restore four endangered fish species, while also maintaining water delivery, hydropower generation, and protecting economic development along the Colorado and San Juan Rivers. This legislation will allow for the continued funding of projects that improve habitat, support crucial research and monitoring, and remove nonnative species, which will both benefit endangered fish species and protect the many other uses of the rivers. Healthy rivers are vital to a region’s overall environmental and economic wellbeing. When our rivers are healthy, our communities are healthy. We all share a responsibility to sustain and preserve the integrity of these resources for future generations. Mr. Speaker, I applaud the bipartisan cosponsors of this legislation for this leadership. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CURTIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4465. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE TO TRANSFER CERTAIN FEDERAL LAND TO FACILITATE SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1800) to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer certain Federal land to facilitate scientific research supporting Federal space and defense programs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1800 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. LAND CONVEYANCE, WASATCH CACHE NATIONAL FOREST, RICH COUNTY, UTAH. 
(a) L ANDCONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—Subject to valid existing rights, not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary of Agriculture shall convey, without consideration, to the Utah State University Research Foundation, (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Foundation’’) all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property consisting of approximately 80 acres, including improvements thereon, located outside of the boundaries of the WasatchCache National Forest, Rich County, Utah, within Sections 19 and 30, Township 14 North, Range 5 East, Salt Lake Base and Meridian for the purpose of permitting the Foundation to use the property for scientific and educational purposes. (b) REVERSIONARY INTEREST .—If the Secretary of Agriculture determines at any time that the real property conveyed under subsection (a) is not being used in accordance with the purpose of the conveyance specified in such subsection, all right, title and interest in and to such real property, including any improvements thereto, shall, at the option of the Secretary, revert to and become the property of the United States, and the United States shall have the right of immediate entry onto such real property. A determination by the Secretary under this subsection shall be made on the record after an opportunity for a hearing. (c) PAYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) PAYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Agriculture shall require the Foundation to cover the costs (except any costs for environmental remediation of the property) to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a), including survey costs, costs for environmental documentation, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected from the Foundation in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the Foundation. (2) TREATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursement under paragraph (1) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover those costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the conveyance. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account, and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. (d) DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of Agriculture. (e) ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary of Agriculture may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the conveyance under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CURTIS ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ). Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, this bill involves 80 acres of land controlled by the Forest Service but not in the actual national forest. Over the past 50 years, this land has been used by the Space Dynamics Laboratory, by NASA, by the Naval Research Laboratory, and they have a great deal of infrastructure on this land. Unfortunately, the Forest Service decided to list this as disposable lands without contacting anybody, and now they don’t have the ability of going back and delisting it so these groups can actually use this land for what they have been doing for the last 50 years. Mr. Speaker, this bill is the cleanest and simplest way of simply transferring control of this land back to the entity which is using it now so they can continue their research, much of which is done in support of our military. It is a simple and easy and correct way to solve an administrative lapse, and I urge its adoption. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I support this legislation and its adoption by the House. H.R. 1800 authorizes the transfer of 80 acres of Forest Service land to the Utah State University Research Foundation. The land will support ongoing research efforts that support national defense and space programs. The idea that there should be national public lands that belong to and are managed on behalf of the American people is a value that dates back to the founding of our country and is embedded in our Constitution. Generation after generation of Americans have endorsed the idea that our public lands should be managed for the benefit of all Americans to support a wide range of activities. As stewards of this land, we must work to find a balance between compelling yet sometimes competing interests and make sure that the Federal Government is a good neighbor to local communities. Whenever we decide that it is appropriate to sell or convey these shared resources, we must make sure there is adequate compensation to Federal taxpayers or safeguards in place to guarantee that the land is used for public purposes. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman BISHOP for working across the aisle to ensure that we met these goals in this legislation. I support H.R. 1800 and its adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CURTIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1800, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DEAN STONE BRIDGE Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3469) to designate the bridge located in Blount County, Tennessee, on the Foothills Parkway (commonly known as ‘‘Bridge 2’’) as the ‘‘Dean Stone Bridge’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3469 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The bridge located in Blount County, Tennessee, on the Foothills Parkway (commonly known as ‘‘Bridge 2’’) shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Dean Stone Bridge’’. 
Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the bridge referred to in section 1 shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Dean Stone Bridge’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CURTIS ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ). Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Utah for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, 2 years ago, in February of 2016, I spoke on this floor in tribute to Dean Stone shortly after he retired from his fulltime position as editor of The Daily Times newspaper in Maryville, Tennessee. Dean Stone worked for The Daily Times for an astounding 67 years, serving as sports editor; managing editor; and then starting in 1988, until 2016, as the top editor. He was always very proud that he gave our great Senator LAMAR ALEXANDER one of his first jobs when Senator ALEXANDER was in high school in Maryville. Dean Stone was the standard of journalistic fairness and integrity in my district and a towering figure in east Tennessee. Unfortunately, he was unable to enjoy a long retirement, as he passed away several months later at the age of 92. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of a bill that I have introduced to name a very unique 800footlong bridge on the Foothills Parkway in his honor. This bill is a fitting tribute to Dean Stone because his story and that of the Foothills Parkway will be forever linked in history. First authorized by Congress in 1944, the Foothills Parkway was intended to be the Tennessee companion to the Blue Ridge Parkway, which was built to link the Great Smoky Mountains National Park with the Shenandoah National Park. Construction on the Foothills Parkway did not begin, however, until 1960; and in the early decades, a few detached sections of the highway were completed. Despite this progress in the early years, construction of the 16mile stretch between Walland and Wears Valley, Tennessee, became plagued with problems. A 1.5 mile section in the middle of this segment, which eventually became known as the ‘‘Missing Link,’’ featured rugged terrain that was extremely difficult to build upon. Construction was further complicated by the discovery of minerals in the soil that could cause damage to the environment. Despite these complications, my staff and I worked hard to keep the project alive. In my early years in Congress, we obtained a $3 million appropriation to resurface and maintain existing sections of this parkway. b1715 I was pleased that I was able to include $8.6 million in the Federal highway legislation, T–21, which was signed into law in 1998, and then the 2005 highway bill contained another $7.5 billion to continue this project. In 2016, the Department of Transportation awarded $10 million toward the completion of the parkway, and the State of Tennessee committed to providing an additional $15 million match to fund the final paving of this project. During these years, Dean Stone was a key ally in this process. It was then that the histories of the parkway and Dean Stone became permanently linked. Dean Stone didn’t just write in support of the Foothills Parkway. As chairman of the Great Smoky Mountains Park Commission and as president of the Foothills Parkway Association, Dean worked hard to convince people of the need to complete the missing link. Within the next year, the missing link will be no more, and that section of the parkway will finally be open to the public. Dean Stone was probably the indispensable man in getting this section of the road completed. The Daily Times has stated that one main task remains. What is still needed, according to The Daily Times, is ‘‘proper acknowledgment of the Blount Countian who persisted over the years in encouraging, insisting, cajoling, and convincing the powers that be the ‘missing link’ could be, should be, and would be connected.’’ My bill, H.R. 3469, would name the longest bridge in the missing link section of the Foothills Parkway as the Dean Stone Bridge. This particular bridge is an 800foot engineering marvel similar to the famous Linn Cove Viaduct on the Blue Ridge Parkway. New technological advances have allowed the construction of a bridge that floats around the edge of the mountain rather than tearing into it. There is no doubt that the elegant curves of this bridge will be the iconic feature of the Foothills Parkway. Naming it after Dean Stone is a fitting tribute for all that he did for the Great Smoky Mountains National Park and for this region. In fact, it is fair to say that no one individual did more for the Great Smoky Mountains National Park over the years—through many, many years—in promoting the Great Smoky Mountains National Park in many different ways. I have a beautiful photograph that Dean Stone took of the Cades Cove area of the Smoky Mountains in my office here in Washington even today. My only regret is that Dean Stone did not live long enough to see the completion of the missing link, but I take heart in knowing that soon millions of people will be able to benefit from the fruits of his labors as they drive over the Dean Stone Bridge and see the glories of the Great Smoky Mountains. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. As we have heard from my colleague, Dean Stone was a fierce champion of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park. Mr. Stone spent much of his life promoting the longterm preservation of the park and encouraging others to visit this place that he loved so dearly. Today, the Great Smoky Mountains are one of our Nation’s most visited national parks. In fact, the park set a new record of 11.4 million visitors in 2017 and became a destination for tourists from around the world who wanted to witness last summer’s total solar eclipse. I am sure that many of these visitors directly benefited from the decades of work by Dean Stone on behalf of the park and the entire Smoky Mountains region. Mr. Stone passed away in 2016 at the age of 92. It is a fitting tribute to rename a bridge section of the Foothills Parkway in his honor. Mr. Speaker, I support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CURTIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3469. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ACADIA NATIONAL PARK BOUNDARY CLARIFICATION ACT Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4266) to clarify the boundary of Acadia National Park, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4266 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Acadia National Park Boundary Clarification Act’’. 
Section 101 of Public Law 99–420 (16 U.S.C. 341 note) is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘In order to’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) BOUNDARIES .—Subject to subsections (b) and (c)(2), to’’; (2) in the second sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘The map shall be on file’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) AVAILABILITY AND REVISIONS OF  MAPS.— ‘‘(1) AVAILABILITY .—The map, together with the map described in subsection (b)(1) and any revised boundary map published under paragraph (2), if applicable, shall be— ‘‘(A) on file’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Interior, and it shall be made’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘Interior; and ‘‘(B) made’’; (3) by inserting after subsection (a) (as designated by paragraph (1)) the following: ‘‘(b) SCHOODIC PENINSULA ADDITION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The boundary of the Park is confirmed to include approximately 1,441 acres of land and interests in land, as depicted on the map entitled ‘Acadia National Park, Hancock County, Maine, Schoodic Peninsula Boundary Revision’, numbered 123/129102, and dated July 10, 2015. ‘‘(2) RATIFICATION AND APPROVAL OF ACQUI SITIONS OF LAND .—Congress ratifies and approves— ‘‘(A) effective as of September 26, 2013, the acquisition by the United States of the land and interests in the land described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) effective as of the date on which the alteration occurred, any alteration of the land or interests in the land described in paragraph (1) that is held or claimed by the United States (including conversion of the land to fee simple interest) that occurred after the date described in subparagraph (A).’’; and (4) in subsection (c) (as designated by paragraph (2)(A)), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) TECHNICAL AND LIMITED REVISIONS .— Subject to section 102(k), notwithstanding any other provision of this section, the Secretary of the Interior (referred to in this title as the ‘Secretary’), by publication in the Federal Register of a revised boundary map or other description, may make— ‘‘(A) such technical boundary revisions as the Secretary determines to be appropriate to the permanent boundaries of the Park (including any property of the Park located within the Schoodic Peninsula and Isle Au Haut districts) to resolve issues resulting from causes such as survey error or changed road alignments; and ‘‘(B) such limited boundary revisions as the Secretary determines to be appropriate to the permanent boundaries of the Park to take into account acquisitions or losses, by exchange, donation, or purchase from willing sellers using donated or appropriated funds, of land adjacent to or within the Park, respectively, in any case in which the total acreage of the land to be so acquired or lost is less than 10 acres, subject to the condition that— ‘‘(i) any such boundary revision shall not be a part of a morecomprehensive boundary revision; and ‘‘(ii) all such boundary revisions, considered collectively with any technical boundary revisions made pursuant to subparagraph (A), do not increase the size of the Park by more than a total of 100 acres, as compared to the size of the Park on the date of enactment of this paragraph.’’. SEC. 3. LIMITATION ON ACQUISITIONS OF LAND FOR ACADIA NATIONAL PARK. 
Section 102 of Public Law 99–420 (16 U.S.C. 341 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘of the Interior (hereinafter in this title referred to as ‘the Secretary’)’’; (2) in subsection (d)(1), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘the the’’ and inserting ‘‘the’’; (3) in subsection (k)— (A) by redesignating the subsection as paragraph (4) and indenting the paragraph appropriately; and (B) by moving the paragraph so as to appear at the end of subsection (b); and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) REQUIREMENTS .—Before revising the boundaries of the Park pursuant to this section or section 101(c)(2)(B), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) certify that the proposed boundary revision will contribute to, and is necessary for, the proper preservation, protection, interpretation, or management of the Park; ‘‘(2) consult with the governing body of each county, city, town, or other jurisdiction with primary taxing authority over the land or interest in land to be acquired regarding the impacts of the proposed boundary revision; ‘‘(3) obtain from each property owner the land or interest in land of which is proposed to be acquired for, or lost from, the Park written consent for the proposed boundary revision; and ‘‘(4) submit to the Acadia National Park Advisory Commission established by section 103(a), the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, and the Maine Congressional Delegation a written notice of the proposed boundary revision. ‘‘(l) LIMITATION .—The Secretary may not use the authority provided by section 100506 of title 54, United States Code, to adjust the permanent boundaries of the Park pursuant to this title.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall reestablish and appoint members to the Acadia National Park Advisory Commission in accordance with section 103 of Public Law 99– 420 (16 U.S.C. 341 note). (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 103 of Public Law 99–420 (16 U.S.C. 341 note) is amended by striking subsection (f). 
SEC. 5. REPEAL OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS RELATING TO ACADIA NATIONAL PARK. 
The following are repealed: (1) Section 3 of the Act of February 26, 1919 (40 Stat. 1178, chapter 45). (2) The first section of the Act of January 19, 1929 (45 Stat. 1083, chapter 77). 
The Act of August 1, 1950 (64 Stat. 383, chapter 511), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘That the Secretary’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1. CONVEYANCE OF LAND IN ACADIA NATIONAL PARK. 
‘‘The Secretary’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘for school purposes’’ and inserting ‘‘for public purposes, subject to the conditions that use of the land shall not degrade or adversely impact the resources or values of Acadia National Park and that the land shall remain in public ownership for recreational, educational, or similar public purposes’’. 
Title I of Public Law 99–420 (16 U.S.C. 341 note) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘In accordance with this section, the Secretary shall allow for the traditional, non motorized harvesting of marine worms, clams, other shellfish, and other marine species (as defined in chapter 601 of title 12 of the Maine Revised Statutes (as in effect on the date of enactment of this section)), in accordance with the laws (including regulations and applicable judicial interpretations) of the State of Maine— ‘‘(1) within the boundaries of the Park; and ‘‘(2) on any land located outside of the boundaries of the Park with respect to which the Secretary has or obtains a property interest of any type pursuant to this title.’’. 
SEC. 8. CONVEYANCE OF CERTAIN LAND IN ACADIA NATIONAL PARK TO THE TOWN OF BAR HARBOR, MAINE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall convey to the Town of Bar Harbor all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the .29acre parcel of land in Acadia National Park identified as lot 110–055–000 on the tax map of the Town of Bar Harbor for section 110, dated April 1, 2015, to be used for a solid waste transfer facility. (b) REVERSION .—If the land conveyed under subsection (a) is used for a purpose other than the purpose described in that subsection, the land shall, at the discretion of the Secretary, revert to the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CURTIS ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ). Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman very much for helping bring this very important bill to the floor. I also thank Chairman ROB BISHOP from Utah, who also was very instrumental in bringing this bill to the floor. In addition to that, I thank all of the staff members of the Natural Resources Committee here in the House for all their great work. This is so important to our State. Mr. Speaker, the great State of Maine is called Vacationland. Now, we have a population of just 1.3 million hardy souls in Maine. However, every year, our population swells to about 40 million vacationers from all over the world. We have such stunning natural beauty in Maine in a pristine natural environment in all these welcoming small towns that it is no wonder that people flock to Maine. Now, right smack in the middle of midcoast Maine is our crown jewel called Acadia National Park, and we just love Acadia National Park in Maine. We are so proud of this. If you happen to vacation in Maine—if you haven’t, you and your family deserve a vacation to Maine. If you drive up to Cadillac Mountain, you see this panoramic view of Penobscot Bay, and coming out of those sparkling waters of the Atlantic are these greentopped islands. You might rent a bike and go to these terrific, groomed historic carriage trails that wind through the woods of Acadia. Take your kids down to Sand Beach, right in Acadia National Park, and when their toes hit that icecold water, they shriek with joy. This is Maine. We are very proud of Acadia National Park. Mr. Speaker, I do have to say that a couple of years ago, unfortunately, Acadia National Park expanded beyond its boundaries. This is because there was conflict in a couple laws that date back quite some time. Now, I am very happy that my bill that I worked on with great help from my fellow Member of Congress, Congresswoman CHELLIE PINGREE from the First District, clarifies this boundary for Acadia National Park. It also closed a few loopholes but still allows the boundaries to be adjusted in very minor ways with abutting pieces of property. Now, I made it clear, Mr. Speaker, that I would not sign on to this boundary clarification issue until one more thing is done, and that is to protect the livelihoods of hundreds and hundreds of hardworking Mainers who harvest bloodworms, sandworms, clams, and periwinkles along the mud flats around Acadia National Park. Now, those folks who visit Maine from Utah or Kansas and spend a lot of money to come up and vacation in Maine expect to see the great ocean in front of them, Mr. Speaker. But because the Moon revolves around the Earth and the gravitational pull of the Moon causes one of the unique things in Maine, we have big tides. So if you are vacationing in Maine and you find out when you wake up in the morning the water is gone, don’t worry about it. Six hours later, it will come back. Now, the ebb and the flow of the tides in Maine along the coastline create what we call the intertidal zone. It is a zone between the high watermark and the low watermark. Now, in the State of Maine, we are very clear that this land is owned by the people of Maine, not by the Federal Government. So I was alarmed a couple of years ago when some of the people called me up and said: Mr. POLIQUIN , we worked an entire tide, and someone from Acadia National Park didn’t understand the rules and asked us to turn over our bucket. Now, we have hundreds and hundreds of families that rely on harvesting in the intertidal zone, and we have to make sure that we have corrected this problem. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maine. Mr. POLIQUIN. Now, this is a clear example of what we call the public trust doctrine. This commonlaw document, which we adopted from the British ancestors, gives public access to this land between high and low waterlines for the purpose of ‘‘fishing, fowling, and navigation.’’ Now, unlike some States, Mr. Speaker, some property owners in Maine own to the low watermark of the tidal range, so this doctrine is incredibly important for the public to have access to our flats for these purposes. This bill that we are passing today codifies the unique ownership and public access rights of Maine fishermen on the intertidal who have worked on this for hundreds of years. Traditional harvesting is meant to include the harvesting of clams and worms, which are harvested by hand with a rake at low tide, and the collection of periwinkles. It also includes accessing intertidal areas by boat at all tides for the purpose of harvesting these species. Now, to be clear, the intent of this bill is for ‘‘traditional harvesting.’’ By doing so, this will ensure that our wormers, clammers, and others who live in the area will continue to be able to do what they have been doing for many, many years. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate again CHELLIE PINGREE , my compatriot from the First District who did a great job on this, our staffs, and the staff of the Natural Resources Committee. We extended ourselves, Mr. Speaker, in a bipartisan way to all the stakeholders in the area, including the Acadia Advisory Commission, the Maine Marine Worm Harvesters, the Maine Clammers Association, the National Park Service, the Friends of Acadia, and all those who want to make this right for the boundary of Acadia National Park forever to be cemented in law. At the same time, we protect the livelihood of some of the hardest working people you will ever find in this country, Mr. Speaker. These individuals will rake and dig for these worms in the summertime, in the hot weather, and in the wintertime when the snow is blowing sideways. Mr. Speaker, I encourage everybody to vote for this bill. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ), who is one of the sponsors of H.R. 4266. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise today in support of H.R. 4266, the Acadia National Park Boundary Clarification Act. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this bipartisan bill, which was introduced by my colleague from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ). While you have already heard from Mr. POLIQUIN a lot about the importance of the intertidal zone, about the livelihood of clam diggers and wormers, and about the Acadia National Park, because our State is so important and we love our park, I am pretty much going to say it all again. Maine is very proud to be home to Acadia National Park. This national treasure is a place where the mountains actually meet the sea. When you climb those mountains, you see miles of clear, blue ocean dotted with literally some of the hundreds and thousands of islands off the coast of Maine, one of which I am lucky enough to live on, not the one where Acadia National Park is. But millions of people visit Acadia National Park every year to experience the incredible natural attractions, the hiking, and the climbing. But they also come there to be in downeast Maine. Downeast Maine is full of very many tightknit communities, and those tightknit communities are full of hardworking men and women, many of whom make their living on the water; and it is really hard work. Some of them are hauling lobster traps every day so that we can enjoy the wonderful lobster that is only delicious if you get it from the State of Maine. But many of them are bent over digging in the mud for clams, for other species, and for bloodworms; and it is really hard work. b1730 H.R. 4266 would clarify a number of points to strengthen the park’s relationship with the surrounding communities that we have been talking about. Most importantly, this bill will ensure that clammers, wormers, and other traditional harvesters can continue to work in the places where, frankly, they have worked for generations, many of them working alongside their sons or daughters when they go out every day. In the spring of 2016, the harvesters were shocked when the park staff began prohibiting them from working 
along the coastline within Acadia’s boundaries. There was no warning about changing a practice that had, frankly, gone on for decades. I appreciate the fact that park officials quickly ended their enforcement, but the actions sent shock waves throughout the area. Washington County is the poorest county in Maine, and families there simply just can’t afford to lose any source of income. H.R. 4266 would give the communities a sense of security by very explicitly stating that harvesters have a right to work within the park. It is a critical step to ensuring that Acadia National Park remains an attraction not only for its natural beauty, but for its unique way of life. Again, I want to thank my colleague, Mr. POLIQUIN , for recognizing the issue, for working with his harvesters, and for moving this forward. I am proud to be an original cosponsor. I urge its passage and urge all my colleagues to support it. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank both Mr. POLIQUIN and Ms. P INGREE for introducing this legislation to protect a true New England treasure, Acadia National Park. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yea’’ vote on this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CURTIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4266. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MODIFYING THE BOUNDARY OF VOYAGEURS NATIONAL PARK Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1350) to modify the boundary of Voyageurs National Park in the State of Minnesota, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1350 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) B OUNDARIES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 102(a) of Public Law 91–661 (16 U.S.C. 160a–1(a)) is amended— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘the drawing entitled’’ and all that follows through ‘‘February 1969’’ and inserting ‘‘the map entitled ‘Voyageurs National Park, Proposed Land Transfer & Boundary Adjustment’, numbered 172/80,056, and dated June 2009 (22 sheets)’’; and (B) in the second and third sentences, by striking ‘‘drawing’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘map’’. (2) TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS .—Section 102(b)(2)(A) of Public Law 91–661 (16 U.S.C. 160a–1(b)(2)(A)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(C) and (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (C) and (D) of paragraph (1)’’; and (B) in the second proviso, by striking ‘‘paragraph 1(E)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(E)’’. (b) LAND ACQUISITIONS .—Section 201 of Public Law 91–661 (16 U.S.C. 160b) is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘(a) The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘When any tract of land is only partly within such boundaries’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) CERTAIN PORTIONS OF TRACTS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—In any case in which only a portion of a tract of land is within the boundaries of the park’’; (B) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘Land so acquired’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) EXCHANGE .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Any land acquired pursuant to subparagraph (A)’’; (C) in the fourth sentence, by striking ‘‘Any portion’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) PORTIONS NOT EXCHANGED .—Any por tion’’; (D) in the fifth sentence, by striking ‘‘Any Federal property’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) TRANSFERS OF FEDERAL PROPERTY .— Any Federal property’’; and (E) by striking the last sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘(D) ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDICTION .—Effec tive beginning on the date of enactment of this subparagraph, there is transferred to the National Park Service administrative jurisdiction over— ‘‘(i) any land managed by the Bureau of Land Management within the boundaries of the park, as depicted on the map described in section 102(a); and ‘‘(ii) any additional public land identified by the Bureau of Land Management as appropriate for transfer within the boundaries of the park. ‘‘(E) LAND OWNED BY STATE .— ‘‘(i) DONATIONS AND EXCHANGES .—Any land located within or adjacent to the boundaries of the park that is owned by the State of Minnesota (or a political subdivision of the State) may be acquired by the Secretary only through donation or exchange. ‘‘(ii) REVISION .—On completion of an acquisition from the State under clause (i), the Secretary shall revise the boundaries of the park to reflect the acquisition.’’; and (3) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘(b) In exercising his’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) OFFERS BY INDIVIDUALS .—In exercising the’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CURTIS ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Voyageurs National Park, established in 1975, is a 218,200 acre national park located on the northern border of Minnesota. The name ‘‘Voyageurs’’ commemorates the FrenchCanadian fur traders who were the first European settlers to frequent the area. The park has remarkable water resources and islands and is popular with canoeists, kayakers, other boaters, and fishermen. The Bureau of Land Management currently manages lands within the boundaries of the park that were not transferred to the National Park Service at the park’s establishment. H.R. 1350 formally transfers these Bureau of Land Management lands to the National Park Service. Enactment of the legislation is expected to save taxpayer money and agency time by eliminating duplicative land management. In addition, this legislation resolves an outstanding land management issue faced by the State of Minnesota and a county by authorizing a land exchange between the State and the National Park Service. Certain State taxforfeited tracts within the boundaries of Voyageurs National Park will be traded for a National Park Serviceowned tract outside the park boundary. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ), the bill’s sponsor. I thank him for his excellent work on this issue. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my dear friend and colleague from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) for his distinguished service. I thank Mr. CURTIS for his distinguished service as well. I also thank Mr. BISHOP , all the members of the committee, and the staff, of course, for the wonderful work they have done on this. Mr. Speaker, I rise here to join in support of H.R. 1350. Basically, as was explained by Mr. CURTIS , the bill authorizes a land transfer between the Bureau of Land Management and the National Park Service, a move that would greatly improve the overall land management and efficiency within the Voyageurs National Park in my district in northern Minnesota. I might add, we are very proud of that accomplishment. Specifically, the bill permits the transfer of 49 acres of land within the park from the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management to the National Park Service, as was originally intended by the original legislation for the park when it was signed into law; but, for a variety of reasons, these 49 acres, including 61 separate tracts of land, were not included in the original Federal legislation that established the park in 1975. 
It may interest some of my colleagues to know that I was here in 1975 and was able to, of course, register my support for the establishment of that park. Now, to be clear, the National Park Service administration already manages the 49 acres; but without a change in the law that permanently transfers the lands, a cumbersome and duplicative renewal process is required every 20 years. The procedure involves a notice, a publication in the Federal Register, and a review of comments, all of which are, essentially, a waste of taxpayers’ money and everybody’s time within the government who has to deal with it. So make no mistake about it, as Mr. CURTIS pointed out, this bill saves the taxpayers’ money and the bureaucracy time. In addition, the bill would also authorize the National Park Service to acquire and integrate new land into Voyageurs National Park through land exchanges with the State and local governments that own land within or adjacent to the park’s boundaries. In short, Mr. Speaker, this bill would eliminate any future concerns related to the Department of the Interior’s ownership and jurisdiction, facilitating the ease of management for the National Park Service, the State, and the county; and it would do so at no cost, in addition, of course, to saving money for the Federal Government as determined by the Congressional Budget Office. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to adopt the measure. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1350 is a commonsense, good governance measure, and I want to congratulate Mr. NOLAN for his hard work in getting this bill through the legislative process. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CURTIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1350. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
TRICKETT WENDLER, FRANK MONGIELLO, JORDAN MCLINN, AND MATTHEW BELLINA RIGHT TO TRY ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5247) to authorize the use of eligible investigational drugs by eligible patients who have been diagnosed with a stage of a disease or condition in which there is reasonable likelihood that death will occur within a matter of months, or with another eligible illness, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5247 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. USE OF UNAPPROVED INVESTIGATIONAL DRUGS BY PATIENTS DIAGNOSED WITH A TERMINAL ILLNESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter E of chapter V of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 561A (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–0) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 561B. INVESTIGATIONAL DRUGS FOR USE BY ELIGIBLE PATIENTS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘eligible patient’ means a patient— ‘‘(A) who has been diagnosed with an eligible illness; ‘‘(B) who has exhausted approved treatment options and is not eligible to participate in (for a reason such as the patient not meeting inclusion criteria) a clinical trial designed to evaluate an investigational drug for the treatment of such eligible illness with which the patient has been diagnosed, including one involving the eligible investigational drug, or for whom participation in such a clinical trial is not feasible (for a reason such as a lack of geographic proximity to the clinical trial), as certified by a physician, who— ‘‘(i) is in good standing with the physician’s licensing organization or board; and ‘‘(ii) will not be compensated for so certifying; and ‘‘(C) who has provided to the treating physician written informed consent, as described in part 50 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations), regarding the eligible investigational drug, or, as applicable, on whose behalf a legally authorized representative of the patient has provided such consent. ‘‘(2) The term ‘eligible investigational drug’ means an investigational drug (as such term is used in section 561)— ‘‘(A) for which a phase 1 clinical trial has been completed; ‘‘(B) that has not been approved or licensed for any use under section 505 of this Act or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act; ‘‘(C)(i) for which an application has been filed under section 505(b) of this Act or section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act, as applicable, that is active; or ‘‘(ii) that is under investigation in a clinical trial that— ‘‘(I) is intended to form the primary basis of a claim of effectiveness in support of approval or licensure under section 505 of this Act or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act; and ‘‘(II) is the subject of an active investigational new drug application under section 505(i) of this Act or section 351(a)(3) of the Public Health Service Act, as applicable; and ‘‘(D) the active development or production of which— ‘‘(i) is ongoing; ‘‘(ii) has not been discontinued by the manufacturer; and ‘‘(iii) is not the subject of a clinical hold under the regulations implementing section 505(i) or section 351(a)(3) of the Public Health Service Act, as applicable. ‘‘(3) The term ‘phase 1 trial’ means a phase 1 clinical investigation of a drug as described in section 312.21 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations). ‘‘(4) The term ‘eligible illness’ means— ‘‘(A) a stage of a disease or condition in which there is reasonable likelihood that death will occur within a matter of months; or ‘‘(B) a disease or condition that would result in significant irreversible morbidity that is likely to lead to severely premature death. ‘‘(b) ALTERNATIVE PATHWAY FOR ELIGIBLE  PATIENTS WITH A TERMINAL ILLNESS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Eligible investigational drugs provided to eligible patients in compliance with this section are exempt from sections 502(f), 503(b)(4), and subsections (a) and (i) of section 505 of this Act, and section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act so long as the conditions specified in paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) are met with respect to the provision of such investigational drugs. ‘‘(2) COMPLIANCE WITH CERTAIN REGULA TIONS .—The conditions specified in this paragraph, with respect to an eligible investigational drug referred to in paragraph (1), are that— ‘‘(A) the eligible investigational drug is labeled in accordance with section 312.6 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations); and ‘‘(B) the provision of such eligible investigational drug occurs in compliance with the applicable requirements set forth in sections 312.7 and 312.8(d)(1) of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations) that apply to investigational drugs, subject to paragraph (5). ‘‘(3) NOTIFICATION .—The condition specified in this paragraph, with respect to an eligible investigational drug referred to in paragraph (1), is that the sponsor of such eligible investigational drug notifies the Secretary of the provision of such eligible investigational drug for use by an eligible patient pursuant to this section. Such notification shall be submitted within 7 business days of the provision of such eligible investigational drug as correspondence to the investigational new drug application described in subsection (a)(2). ‘‘(4) ADVERSE EVENT REPORTING .—The con dition specified in this paragraph, with respect to an eligible investigational drug referred to in paragraph (1), is that the sponsor or manufacturer of such eligible investigational drug has required, as a condition of providing the drug to a physician for use by an eligible patient pursuant to this section, that such physician will immediately report to such sponsor or manufacturer any serious adverse events, as such term is defined in section 312.32 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations), associated with the use of the eligible investigational drug by the eligible patient. ‘‘(5) APPLICATION .—For purposes of this section, the requirements set forth in sections 312.7 and 312.8(d)(1) of title 21 of the Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations) are deemed to apply to any person who manufactures, distributes, prescribes, dispenses, introduces or delivers for introduction into interstate commerce, or provides to an eligible patient an eligible investigational drug pursuant to this section. ‘‘(c) USE OF CLINICAL OUTCOMES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Public Health Service Act, or any other provision of Federal law, the Secretary may not use a clinical outcome associated with the use of an eligible investigational drug pursuant to 
this section to delay or adversely affect the review or approval of such drug under section 505 of this Act or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act unless— ‘‘(A) the Secretary makes a determination, in accordance with paragraph (2), that use of such clinical outcome is critical to determining the safety of the eligible investigational drug; or ‘‘(B) the sponsor requests use of such outcomes. ‘‘(2) LIMITATION .—If the Secretary makes a determination under paragraph (1)(A), the Secretary shall provide written notice of such determination to the sponsor, including a public health justification for such determination, and such notice shall be made part of the administrative record. Such determination shall not be delegated below the director of the agency center that is charged with the premarket review of the eligible investigational drug. ‘‘(d) REPORTING .—The manufacturer or sponsor of an eligible investigational drug that provides an eligible investigational drug pursuant to this section shall post on the same publicly available internet website used by the manufacturer for purposes of section 561A(b) an annual summary of any provision by the manufacturer or sponsor of an eligible investigational drug under this section. The summary shall include the number of requests received, the number of requests granted, the number of patients treated, the therapeutic area of the drug made available, and any known or suspected serious adverse events, as such term is defined in section 312.32 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations), associated with the use of the eligible investigational drug. ‘‘(e) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as limiting the authority of the Secretary to require manufacturers or sponsors of investigational drugs to review and report information relevant to the safety of such investigational drug obtained or otherwise received by the sponsor pursuant to part 312 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations).’’. (b) NOLIABILITY .—Section 561B of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) LIABILITY .— ‘‘(1) ALLEGED ACTS OR OMISSIONS .— ‘‘(A) MANUFACTURER OR SPONSOR .—No man ufacturer or sponsor (or their agent or representative) of an investigational drug shall be liable for any alleged act or omission related to the provision of such drug to a single patient or small group of patients for treatment use in accordance with subsection (b) or (c) of section 561 or the provision of an eligible investigational drug to an eligible patient in accordance with this section, including, with respect to the provision of an investigational drug under section 561 or an eligible investigational drug under this section, the reporting of safety information, from clinical trials or any other source, as required by section 312.32 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations). ‘‘(B) PHYSICIAN , CLINICAL INVESTIGATOR , OR 
HOSPITAL .— ‘‘(i) No licensed physician, clinical investigator, or hospital shall be liable for any alleged act or omission related to the provision of an investigational drug to a single patient or small group of patients for treatment use in accordance with subsection (b) or (c) of section 561, as described in clause (ii), or the provision of an eligible investigational drug to an eligible patient in accordance with this section, unless such act or omission constitutes on the part of such physician, clinical investigator, or hospital with respect to such investigational drug or eligible investigational drug— ‘‘(I) willful or criminal misconduct; ‘‘(II) reckless misconduct; ‘‘(III) gross negligence relative to the applicable standard of care and practice with respect to the administration or dispensing of such investigational drug; or ‘‘(IV) an intentional tort under applicable State law. ‘‘(ii) The requirements described in this clause are the requirements under subsection (b) or (c) of section 561, including— ‘‘(I) the reporting of safety information, from clinical trials or any other source, as required by section 312.32 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations); ‘‘(II) ensuring that the informed consent requirements of part 50 of title 21, Code of the Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations) are met; and ‘‘(III) ensuring that review by an institutional review board is obtained in a manner consistent with the requirements of part 56 of title 21, Code of the Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations). ‘‘(2) DETERMINATION NOT TO PROVIDE  
DRUG .—No manufacturer, sponsor, licensed physician, clinical investigator, or hospital shall be liable for determining not to provide access to an investigational drug under this section or for discontinuing any such access that it initially determined to provide. ‘‘(3) LIMITATION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Except as set forth in paragraphs (1) and (2), nothing in this section shall be construed to modify or otherwise affect the right of any person to bring a private action against a manufacturer or sponsor (or their agent or representative), physician, clinical investigator, hospital, prescriber, dispenser, or other entity under any State or Federal product liability, tort, consumer protection, or warranty law. ‘‘(B) FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to modify or otherwise affect the authority of the Federal Government to bring suit under any Federal law.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CURTIS ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material into the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the patients who face terminal diagnoses but have exhausted all available treatment options. These are patients like Jordan McLinn, who is with us today. Jordan is a tireless fighter who self advocates for others living with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. He is a namesake of this bill we are considering, like Matt Bellina, who testified before the Health Subcommittee last year. Because of folks like Jordan and Matt, we have a chance to increase patient access to experimental therapies. Thirtyeight States across our great land have righttotry laws, including my home State of Oregon. Wisconsin, with a bill on its way to Governor Scott Walker’s desk, will soon make it 39. While the State policies vary, they have a common goal: helping vulnerable patients. President Trump praised the movement during the State of the Union, saying: ‘‘People who are terminally ill should not have to go from country to country to seek a cure. I want to give them a chance here at home.’’ Now, today, there is an existing process for patients to access unapproved drugs. The FDA oversees expanded access, commonly known as compassionate use. This program has been critical in helping patients access experimental drugs. Commissioner Scott Gottlieb and the Agency, the FDA, should be commended for their continued work to improve the expanded access program for patients. To improve this successful program, the bill before us today also provides liability protections for manufacturers, sponsors, physicians, clinical investigators, and hospitals that participate in the existing expanded access program and the new alternative pathway created under this legislation. This provision removes one of the biggest hurdles that patients have faced in getting access to these medicines, in gaining access to experimental therapies, as identified by the Government Accountability Office: manufacturer hesitancy to participate. That is the big hurdle. We seek to overcome it with this legislation. The bill also creates a new alternative pathway for patients who do not qualify for a clinical trial. This legislation strengthens patient protections with clearer informed consent and adverse event reporting. The bill also ensures the FDA, the Food and Drug Administration, is notified when a patient receives an unapproved drug through the new alternative pathway to ensure there is proper oversight. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the House sponsors of this legislation who have worked tirelessly to bring this to a good place today: BRIAN FITZPATRICK , our colleague from Pennsylvania; ANDY BIGGS from Arizona; and M ORGAN GRIFFITH from Virginia. I also thank the Vice President, with whom Jordan and I met today. I am grateful for their work on behalf of these courageous patients, and I urge all my colleagues in the House to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1745 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 5247, or the Right to Try Act of 
2018. Supporters of this legislation, Mr. Speaker, have claimed that it will provide seriously ill patients, who have exhausted all of their available treatment options, access to experimental therapies free from the barriers of FDA oversight. While it is understandable that someone suffering from a disease who has no more options would want to try anything that could help them fight their disease, this legislation delivers the false hope to patients and their families that they will receive a cure to their underlying disease or condition. In fact, this legislation provides patients and their families nothing more than the right to ask a manufacturer for access to early stage, unproven treatments. Like other socalled right totry proposals, H.R. 5247 is based on the false premise that patients are not receiving access to the investigational treatments as a result of the Food and Drug Administration, and this simply not the case. Through the FDA’s existing expanded access program, seriously ill patients are able to request access to investigational products. The FDA approves 99 percent of all requests for investigational drugs or biologics that it receives through this program. Last year, FDA received more than 1,500 requests, and only 9 were not approved. Despite this highapproval rate, supporters of righttotry laws have argued that the process is too slow and burdensome, but I have not seen evidence that this is the case, Mr. Speaker. In fact, FDA often grants emergency requests for expanded access immediately over the phone, and nonemergency requests are processed in an average of 4 days. FDA has even made improvements to streamline the process. For example, FDA has revised the application for physicians to ensure that it now takes less than an hour to complete. FDA has also released additional guidance to industry, outlining the expanded access program’s requirements and addressing common questions related to the different programs and submission process, and how outcomes will be considered as part of the review process. Last fall, FDA Commissioner Gottlieb testified on righttotry efforts and told our committee that: ‘‘There is a perception that certain products that aren’t being offered under FDA expanded access . . . will be offered under righttotry. I don’t see that,’’ the commissioner said. As I have said, the review process is working well, but this legislation would completely take FDA out of the review process. This is dangerous and could put patients at serious risk. FDA is part of the process for a reason. It protects patients from potentially bad actors or from experimental treatments that might do more harm than good. While FDA approves 99 percent of the treatments it reviews, it also revises applications for 11 percent of patients to improve patient safety protections. In order to protect patients, this review should continue. We must protect patients from bad actors or from dangerous treatments that would make their lives worse. I am extremely concerned that the legislation we are considering today is advancing a solution to address barriers to investigational treatments that do not exist and could expose seriously ill patients to greater harm instead of the greater access that they are looking for. The true barrier to any expanded access is the determination by the manufacturer as to whether or not they will provide access to their products that are under development. But nothing in the legislation before us today would compel a manufacturer to grant access upon request. Further, H.R. 5247 would allow patients access to investigational treatments that have only completed a phase I clinical trial. That is an extremely small trial. It does not determine the effectiveness, or the potential side effects of a drug. Access at this stage in the development could expose patients to untested products, further harm, and result in delaying access to a treatment that may be more appropriate and more beneficial for their underlying disease or condition. H.R. 5247 also erodes important patient safeguards. It limits FDA’s ability to use clinical outcomes associated with the use of an investigational product when reviewing a product for approval if it could adversely impact its review. It also prevents any entity from being held liable for use of the treatment. And while I appreciate, Mr. Speaker, the intent of this bill, I can’t support it. The last thing I want to do is give patients false hope and to potentially put them at risk by completely removing FDA from the review and approval process. Finally, Mr. Speaker, it is outrageous, in my opinion, that a bill of this magnitude is being considered under a suspension of the rule. As my Republican colleagues well know, bills considered under suspension are traditionally bipartisan bills that have worked their way through the appropriate committees with overwhelming bipartisan support. This bill was never considered by the Energy and Commerce Committee. In fact, it was only introduced today. A bill with such critical patient safety implications should not be considered in this fashion. So I urge my colleagues to oppose this misguided legislation and stand with the more than 100 organizations that have come forward expressing their concern for patients and the unnecessary risk this legislation could expose our Nation’s most vulnerable to. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I now have the honor of yielding 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ), who has been, even before he got to the Congress, an extraordinary advocate for this cause and for the patients with terminally ill conditions. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman WALDEN ; Mr. BURGESS ; Mr. G RIFFITH ; my friend, ANDYBIGGS; and Senator R ONJOHNSON  for their resolute commitment to see the Right to Try Act brought to a vote today. Mr. Speaker, each year, thousands of Americans receive the devastating diagnosis of a terminal illness. And even with the amazing work done in American medical research and development, for too many families, access to these potentially lifesaving treatments will come too late or not at all. As their Representatives, we should each endeavor to support these individuals in their time of need as well as support new pathways to potentially lifesaving treatment. That is what the right to try is all about. As the chairman indicated, 38 States have passed this bill with near unanimous, bipartisan support. A version of this bill unanimously passed the United States Senate. However, we know Congress cannot legislate miracles. That is why, when talking about the right to try, we are careful not to represent it as a cure itself. The reality is that, while passing this measure is a step, the families and advocates we have worked closely with for years know that the right to try isn’t a guarantee. It is about protecting hope and protecting opportunity—hope and opportunity for those like my constituent, Lieutenant Commander Matthew Bellina, a retired naval aviator and father of three, who was diagnosed with ALS in 2014. Following the onset of his symptoms, Matt was grounded from flying. He eventually moved back home to Bucks County with his wife, Caitlin, and his three children to be surrounded by family and friends. Although this disease stopped Matt’s military service, he quickly picked up the fight with his new battle, involving himself in the ALS community and becoming a strong advocate for rightto try legislation. Together with Jim Worthington and the Have a Heart Foundation, Matt advocated for the right to try across the Nation. While the FDA has a program that allows terminally ill patients to apply for early access to promising treatment, the right to try is needed because the FDA’s compassionate use process doesn’t help enough people. Only about 1,200 people a year can make it through the current timeconsuming and expensive application process. Comparatively, Mr. Speaker, in 2014, more than 12,000 people in France were using investigational treatments through that government’s equivalent program. If a country with onefifth of the population of the United States can help 900 percent more people, the FDA program clearly is not working. This bill 
does not gut the FDA or fundamentally change the relationship between doctor and patient. What it does is give Americans facing a terminal diagnosis a new pathway for treatments undergoing clinical trials. I want to read something in closing, Mr. Speaker, that I received from Matt Bellina, who is with us today. ‘‘Please let them know that I have had ALS too long to meet the exclusion criteria for any promising trials. No drug company will offer me treatments under the current EAP guidelines. Two reputable companies have already indicated that they would try to treat me under the rules of this bill. A vote against this is essentially a vote to kill me. It is a vote to make my wife a widow and leave my boys fatherless. I can’t stop anyone from voting that way, but please ask them to have the respect to look my family in the eye when they cast’’ that vote. Mr. Speaker, when a life hangs in the balance, the Federal Government should not stand in the way of access to potentially lifesaving treatment. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENE GREEN ), who is the ranking member of our Subcommittee on Health. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank my ranking member for allowing me to speak tonight. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Right to Try Act, legislation that would bypass the Food and Drug Administration’s longstanding review and oversight of drug treatments and endanger patients with lifethreatening diseases. My heart goes out to the families of loved ones who are terminally ill and desperate for a breakthrough treatment. I, too, have lost loved ones and wished there was an experimental therapy available to save them. FDA has decades of experience dealing with experimental therapies that have not received final approval. In 1987, the FDA created expanded access, better known as compassionate use, and gives terminally ill patients access to therapies still under clinical trials. FDA approves nearly all requests for investigational drugs. For the last 5 years, the FDA approval rate for this expanded access is over 99 percent. In fact, FDA physicians are available 24 hours a day to approve emergency requests. My daughter is an infectious disease physician at the University of Nebraska Medical Center. They used the FDA’s compassionate pathway to provide experimental therapy for an American doctor, a U.S. citizen, who had contracted Ebola while in Africa in 2014. FDA approved that request for that experimental treatment over the telephone in less than 24 hours. There is a solution other than this bill. The new path created in this legislation is not necessary, and, in fact, may endanger the health and safety of terminally ill patients by bypassing FDA’s oversight and expertise. Mr. Speaker, I also want to speak on the importance of following regular order. The House Energy and Commerce Committee has been working with stakeholders and Federal agencies for years on creating incentives and pathways for the new generation of breakthrough therapies. Two years ago, these efforts culminated with the passage of the 21st Century Cures Act, which I am proud to be a champion of. The 21st Century Cures Act went through regular order, including hearings; Member discussions; and compromises between regulators, stakeholders, and regulators. It is not easy or quick, but regular order works because it gives the committees of jurisdiction the opportunity to debate and refine the legislation. This legislation we are currently considering did not go through regular order. In fact, it was just introduced earlier today, purposely avoiding consideration before our Energy and Commerce Committee due to its shortcomings. I hope we can agree on the importance of following regular order and observe our Chamber’s rules and traditions. The American people deserve nothing less. I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stand up for Americans facing these serious and lifethreatening diseases by opposing this unnecessary and potentially dangerous legislation. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BARTON ), the former chairman of the full committee and the current vice chairman. (Mr. BARTON asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, I have listened to my friends on the minority talk about the reasons they are opposing this bill, and a normal piece of legislation that would have some merit didn’t go through regular order, things of this sort. But, Mr. Speaker, when the house is burning down and you need the fire department, you don’t ask if they followed proper procedure to get somebody out there to put out the fire. My brother had liver cancer at the age of 44. He had tried every conventional therapy known to modern medicine, and it wasn’t working. Now, he had a brother, myself, who was a subcommittee chairman of the committee of jurisdiction over the FDA. I contacted the FDA, and we got him in a special protocol for an investigational drug that was under approval. It wasn’t approved. And the doctors and the people at the FDA told my brother and his family: If it works, it is going to really help you. But if it doesn’t, you are going to die sooner. Well, he was going to die anyway, Mr. Speaker. So he signed the informed consent and he took the drug and it didn’t work, but he had that last shot. Now, I don’t know what this debate about false hope is. When you have no hope, perhaps false hope is better than none at all. All this bill does is let people who have no other hope for conventional therapy, if a drug has at least passed stage one at the FDA approval process, and their doctor thinks it will help them, if they give an informed consent, they can try it. Now, my friends on the Democratic side are correct that, most of the time under the existing protocol, the FDA approves it without a problem. But why should the FDA approve it if you are about to die anyway? That is what this bill does. By the way, it passed the Senate with unanimous consent. Now, that is a miracle in itself. Let’s pass it here in the House and give hope a chance for these patients who are terminally ill and have no hope at all today. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MATSUI ). Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this proposed righttotry legislation. This bill offers patients false hope. It proposes a pathway to experimental drugs that offers absolutely no guarantee of access, while stripping patients of any legal or financial recourse, and places clinical trials at risk. b1800 Last week, I am sure like everyone else, I heard from many constituents on behalf of their families and communities with devastating diseases, like multiple sclerosis. When a family member is faced with a devastating diagnosis, you would do anything and try anything to improve their quality of life. I know. I have been there with family members in such heartbreaking situations. But this bill would not necessarily make it easier to get experimental treatments and it would definitely make it harder for patients in the future to get treatments. We need clinical trials to ensure drugs are safe and effective and to find real cures and treatments for these patients. Because this bill would be dangerous for patients both today and in the future, many disease groups oppose the bill, including the National Organization for Rare Disorders, the American Cancer Society, the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, and more. Rushing this bill without proper bipartisan oversight places the American people in the way of real harm. Rescinding FDA oversight on unproven therapies is a perilous proposition. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 5 seconds. Mr. Speaker, the last two speakers from California and Texas, two of our biggest States, a grand total of two legislators voted ‘‘no.’’ Otherwise, it was unanimous in both those States to do what we are doing here today. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. BIGGS), an incredible advocate of this legislation. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman WALDEN for yielding. I am grateful for the work he has done on this. I am also grateful to my friends, Representatives FITZPATRICK and G RIFFITH, as well as Senator J OHNSON , for their advocacy here. I don’t want to get this crucial point lost: it is not us; it is the courageous patients and their friends and their families who deserve the most recognition about how far we have come to get this bill passed. Today is for them, not for us. Thirtyeight States, soon to be 39 States, have passed this bill. That is enough to amend the U.S. Constitution, but here we stand because some have come and said we shouldn’t give people false hope. There is no such thing as false hope. You either have hope or you have no hope. In this instance, this bill gives tens of thousands, perhaps hundreds of thousands, or millions even, the hope that they can avail themselves of medication that might prolong their life or maybe even be a cure. These people who have advocated are fighters. I hear about patient groups who oppose this, yet the States, our employers, they approve this. Every day, Laura McLinn, the mother of Jordan McLinn, receives countless emails from people similarly situated, saying: We need to pass the Right to Try Act. I need that right to try. I am told: Oh, well, we take care of 1,500 a year. Mr. Speaker, 1,500 a year, when there are literally tens of thousands of people who need their opportunity. We are not mandating even. We are providing an opportunity. We are providing an option both for the patient and even the pharmaceutical company. Now, I heard in the opening statement from my friend across the aisle that we are not compelling them to do it. Would he feel more comfortable if we compelled pharmaceutical companies to provide those potential lifesaving medications? We need to recognize that this bill is not for us in this Chamber. It is for Matt Bellina, Jordan McLinn, and Laura McLinn. It is for those who are similarly situated. We have waited long enough. Let’s get this done. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ). Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 5247 because it actually creates a dangerous back door around the Food and Drug Administration approval process and it ignores that there is a safe pathway for terminally ill patients to get the treatment that they need. This bill denies patients what they really need, which is safe and effective treatments. This bill strips away important safeguards in the name of helping patients. It is not patient friendly. That is why 78 patients and doctor groups are all opposed to this legislation, like the American Cancer Society, the National Brain Tumor Society, the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, and the Vietnam Veterans of America. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  this 5page list of the opposing groups. 
GROUPS OPPOSED TO RIGHT TO TRY LEGISLATION , ADNP Kids Research Foundation, AIDS Action Baltimore, Alliance for Aging Research, Alliance for Regenerative Medicine, American Academy of Neurology, American Association of Justice, American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network, American Lung Association, American Society of Clinical Oncology, American Syringomyelia and Chiari Alliance Project, Amyloidosis Support Groups, Association for Creatine Deficiencies, Benign Essential Blepharospasm Research Foundation, Biomarin, Bonnie J. Addario Lung Cancer Foundation, Breast Cancer Action, Bridge the Gap—SYNGAP Education and Research Foundation, CancerCare, Cancer Prevention and Treatment Fund, Charlotte and Gwenyth Gray Foundation to Cure Batten Disease, Children’s Cause for Cancer Advocacy, Children’s Cardiomyopathy Foundation, Congenital Hyperinsulinism International, CurePSP. Cutaneous Lymphoma Foundation, Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, Defeat MSA, The Desmoid Tumor Research Foundation, The Disability Rights Legal Center, Dupl5q Alliance, Dysautonomia Foundation, Equal Access for Rare Disorders, Fight Colorectal Cancer, FORCE: Facing Our Risk of Cancer Empowered, Former FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg, Former FDA Commissioner Robert Califf, Friedreich’s Ataxia Research Alliance (FARA), Friends of Cancer Research, Georgia State University College of Law, The Global Foundation for Peroxisomal Disorders, Glutl Deficiency Foundation, The GuthyJackson Charitable Foundation, Hemophilia Federation of America, Hematology/Oncology Pharmacy Association, HLRCC Family Alliance, Hope for Hypothalamic Hamartomas, Hyper IgM Foundation, Inc., International Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva (FOP) Association, International Myeloma Foundation. International Pemphigus and Pemphigoid Foundation, International Society for Stem Cell Research, International Waldenstrom’s Macroglobulinemia Foundation (IWMF), The Isaac Foundation, Jack McGovern Coats’ Disease Foundation, The LAM Foundation, The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society, Lymphoma Research Foundation, Li Fraumeni Syndrome Association (LFS Association / LFSA), LUNGevity Foundation, Max Cure Foundation, M–CM Network, Mattie Miracle Cancer Foundation, MitoAction, MLD Foundation, Moebius Syndrome Foundation, The MSA Awareness Shoe, Mucolipidosis Type IV Foundation, The Myelin Project, Myotonic Dystrophy Foundation, National Brain Tumor Society, National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship, National Comprehensive Cancer Network, National Consumers League, National Health Council. National MPS Society, National Niemann– Pick Disease Foundation, National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD), National Patient Advocate Foundation, National Physicians Alliance, National PKU Alliance, National PKU News, National Women’s Health Network, Neurofibromatosis Northeast, NYU Langone Health, Operation ASHA, Our Bodies Ourselves, PRP Alliance, Inc., Prevent Cancer Foundation, Public Citizen, Rare and Undiagnosed Network (RUN), Sarcoma Foundation of America, Scleroderma Foundation, The SnyderRobinson Foundation, Sofia Sees Hope, SSADH Association, Susan G. Komen, TargetCancer Foundation, Treatment Action Group, The Turner Syndrome Society. TMJA (Temporomandibular Joint Disorders patient organization), United Leukodystrophy Foundation, United Mitochondrial Disease Foundation (UMDF), University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine, Veterans Health Council, Vietnam Veterans of America, VHL Alliance, Washington Advocates for Patient Safety, Woody Matters, Worldwide Syringomyelia & Chiari Task Force, Yale School of Public Health. 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, it opens the door for bad actors to take advantage of terminally ill patients. It is the FDA’s job to ensure that drugs are safe and effective. We can’t trust manufacturers to act as a gatekeeper. The important thing to know is there is already a safe process for terminally ill patients to access experimental treatments. Under the Expanded Access Program, 99 percent of applications are approved, and they are done in a speedy way. This process is not merely a rubber stamp. The FDA plays a vital role in ensuring these experimental treatments are safe. Even more important, in 19 States that have passed righttotry laws, patients using an investigational drug can lose their hospice care; and in 6 States, they can be denied home healthcare. These are the very people who depend on hospice and home care, and they could lose those services. This is not a humane, patientcentered bill for people who are facing death. It is just a dangerous pathway for bad actors to exist. Let’s go with the positive ability right now that we have. Ninetynine percent of those desperate people looking for hope will get it from the Food and Drug Administration. So I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 5247. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, when Illinois took this up, they approved it 169–1 in their assembly. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH ). Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman WALDEN for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I have heard people say that this bill gives folks a false hope. There is no false hope. They know it is a Hail Mary pass. They know it is unlikely to succeed, but they are willing to make the decision and the choice to take that chance. I have heard that patients will be at risk, that they lose their safeguards. They have received a terminal diagnosis. They know they are at risk. They don’t care about safeguards. They want to fight for life. They know they have that terminal disease or diagnosis and they may lose a few weeks, as we heard from my colleague, but they may gain years, and they are willing to take that risk. 
Mr. Speaker, I have to tell you, if I had a terminal diagnosis, I would even consider injecting monkey urine if I thought it would give me a few more months or a few more years with my children, who are currently 18, 12, and 10. Others may choose not to try something. They may not want the right to try. They may not want to try the Hail Mary pass, but they should have the choice. They should have the right to try. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as I have said, I have great concerns that H.R. 5247 would expose our most vulnerable and desperate patients to unnecessary risk. Supporters of this legislation have argued that those patients who are suffering from a terminal illness deserve the right to take their health and treatment into their own hands, as they are faced without any other treatment options. Some have even asked: What risk could be worse than the risk of death? As Arthur Caplan, a bioethicist from NYU, has pointed out: ‘‘There are things worse than death; being made to die faster, being made to die more miserably.’’ These are all very real scenarios that patients could be exposed to under the misleading and illconceived rightto try pathway. As I stated before, while the FDA approved 99 percent of the requests it received, of those, they revised 11 percent in order to protect patients. If this bill becomes law, the FDA no longer will have the opportunity to make those revisions and to protect vulnerable patients. We must protect patients from bad actors or from dangerous treatments that might make their lives worse. That is why more than 100 organizations have written in opposition to this legislation, including 83 patient organizations like the National Organization for Rare Disorders, the Friends of Cancer Research, the American Cancer Society, Cancer Action Network. In a letter to the Speaker and the Democratic leader, the patient organizations noted that ‘‘the alternative pathway in the latest version of the legislation is still less safe for our patients than the current expanded access process’’ that the FDA uses. Dr. Ellen Sigal, the chair and founder of Friends of Cancer Research, said: ‘‘In its current form, the proposed legislation does nothing for patients other than provide false hope by allowing them to request a drug with no evidence of efficacy they may never receive and, should they receive it, may do more harm than good.’’ So I think we should all be concerned about protecting patients. Rather than rushing this bill through today, I would urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation and to come back to the table to find a solution that will streamline Expanded Access Programs while protecting patients from unnecessary harm. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ), the chair of our Health Subcommittee. Texas voted unanimously for the Right to Try Act. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, just a little over a month ago, President Trump stood here at this podium behind me and told us: ‘‘People who are terminally ill should not have to go from country to country to seek a cure.’’ Along with President Trump, I want to give patients a chance right here at home. A little over a year ago, this House passed the 21st Century Cures Act, made unprecedented acceleration of discoveries. Thanks to our researchers and our academic institutions, and those working in the pharmaceutical and medical device companies, Americans have access to more and more innovative treatments. However, I continue to hear from patients with serious lifethreatening conditions, including my constituents in north Texas, who are frustrated with what they see as regulatory barriers from trying and experimenting with new therapies when everything else has failed. When potentially lifesaving treatments exist but remain unavailable to patients, we have an opportunity to move past what has long been a dilemma towards delivering a hopeful message. Since 2014, 38 States, including Texas, have passed a version of right totry laws. I am pleased that the House of Representatives is considering righttotry legislation that gives patients a chance at life by improving access to experimental treatments. Mr. Speaker, a lot of people deserve thanks for getting this bill to us today, but, in particular, I want to thank the President of the United States, President Trump, and Vice President PENCE  for their leadership in this effort. Mr. Speaker, I urge my fellow Members to support this bill. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, there are a lot of reasons to oppose this bill today, and I have given a number of them, but the primary reason being the need to continue protecting patients by ensuring that the FDA remains a part of the process. While we are speaking about process, I have to also oppose this legislation based on the inappropriate way the Republican majority is bringing this bill to the floor. Bills considered under suspension have traditionally gone through the committee process with overwhelming bipartisan support, and neither of those things is the case with this bill. It was introduced today. Does the majority really believe they are giving Members the appropriate time to view this bill when it was introduced at 2 p.m.? Patient access and patient safety should be shared goals among Democrats and Republicans, goals that could be achieved if this legislation was not being rushed to the floor under an arbitrary deadline. Legislation such as this, that carries such great risk of patient harm, should be considered carefully, with attention paid to the unintended consequences that could follow. Mr. Speaker, I would urge my colleagues to oppose this unnecessary and risky legislation, and to return to the regular order of the committee to consider legislation that would protect both patients from harm and the FDA from the weakening of the agency’s role in our drug approval process. We should not be voting on a bill of this consequence that was introduced this afternoon. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1815 Mr. WALDEN. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER), a distinguished member of our committee and a pharmacist by training and trade. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Right to Try Act because this legislation will improve access to potentially lifesaving treatments for patients with terminal diseases or conditions. Currently, patients can only receive drugs that are undergoing FDA review through clinical trials, through compassionate use, or expanding access. They access these unapproved treatments exclusively through the FDA but not through the drug sponsor. This critical legislation would establish informed consent for patients to access unapproved drugs that could save their lives. This bill still guards patients from manufacturers misbranding or mislabeling drugs and specifies that any unapproved drug used in the alternative pathway must have an active application and is not the subject of a clinical hold. I thank my good friend Chairman BURGESS and the rest of my colleagues on the committee for moving this legislation forward and working with the administration and stakeholders on all sides of these issues. This is a great step forward towards ensuring our patients get to take advantage of the incredible pharmaceutical therapies that our manufacturers are known for. I applaud the Energy and Commerce Committee for their work in moving this legislation forward, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, may I ask the gentleman how many speakers he has left. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, we have two, I believe, left. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to talk about two other aspects of this bill that I haven’t so far. One is the fact that States have actually implemented righttotry laws that have done little to expand access to investigational treatment. Although 17 States and the District of Columbia have enacted righttotry laws, there is no evidence that anyone has obtained an investigational treatment via these laws that couldn’t have been obtained through FDA’s expanded access program. Righttotry laws do not compel companies to provide patients access to investigational treatments. Therefore, under these State laws, patients still do not have a right to try, only the right to request the treatment from the company. State righttotry laws do not address the fundamental barriers of cost and accompanying restrictions. Neither the FDA nor States require insurers or pharmaceutical companies to cover the cost or reduce the cost of these expensive treatments. Instead, these laws put patients at a higher risk by prohibiting or weakening FDA oversight of investigational treatments. With regard to clinical trials, the legislation could also expose patients to unnecessary risk by allowing access to investigational drugs that have only completed a phase I clinical trial. Phase I trials are extremely small trials, in the range of 20 to 80 patients, and are used primarily to determine toxicity. They do not determine effectiveness or potential side effects. Patients could suffer from harmful side effects or delay enrolling in a clinical trial program for a treatment that actually has evidence of efficacy for their disease or condition. Finally, the bill would weaken the FDA’s ability to oversee the adverse events or other clinical outcomes from the use of investigational drugs and provide broad liability protections for manufacturers, leaving patients with no recourse in the case of an adverse effect. I just wanted to mention those. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the Right to Try Act. When those we hold dearest are diagnosed as terminally ill, the last thing we want to hear is that all treatment options have been exhausted. This is why I have been a longtime supporter of the Right to Try Act. Currently, 38 States have already passed righttotry legislation to assist vulnerable patients, including my home State of Georgia. By allowing terminally ill patients the access to unapproved drugs and therapies, we are giving them a fighting chance for their Godgiven right to life. Although these drugs cannot guarantee a road to recovery, they can provide a better alternative in many hopeless situations and pave the way for more scientific breakthroughs. Congress should keep breaking down regulatory barriers. Like the bill’s name says, patients have a right to try. All Americans should have the right to choose. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Energy and Commerce Committee for passing this important legislation out of committee, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill on the House floor. How in the world could anyone oppose the right to choose life? Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time remains for each side. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WEBER of Texas). The gentleman from Oregon has 3 minutes remaining. The gentleman from New Jersey has 1 minute remaining. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I just want to conclude, if I could, in opposition to this bill by quoting some of the former FDA Commissioners. This is from Dr. Margaret Hamburg, who said: 
I am deeply concerned by the draft legislation being considered to remove the FDA from the proposals around right to try. Excluding the FDA will not benefit those patients and would be a mistake. There is no need to create a new potentially dangerous paradigm by passing this legislation which does not address the real issues at hand and could have unintended negative consequences, leading to a possible impediment of the development and approval of safe and effective therapies. 
And then, finally, is the former FDA Principal Deputy Commissioner, Joshua Sharfstein, who said: 
FDA review allows doctors and patients to tell the difference between a medication that works and one that does not. Evidence also orients the pharmaceutical market towards developing products that produce meaningful benefits for patients instead of just hope. Undermining FDA review by giving a right to patients to try anything at any time will leave more patients in desperate situations with fewer options and less understanding of what could really make a difference. 
Again, Mr. Speaker, I would urge opposition to this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, when the Energy and Commerce Committee took up this issue in its broadest form, we heard from the FDA Commissioner, we heard from patients, we heard from family members, and what we heard was that there are barriers in States that preclude these State laws from working. That is what the Government Accountability Office told us. They identified two issues—liability and use of outcomes—as the two barriers as to why these laws passed in 38, soon to be 39, States. And in many cases—most cases, I would say—these laws have passed unanimously, with Republicans and Democrats back home supporting them, including in my own State. I think it was unanimous in both the house and the senate, all controlled by Democrats, in Oregon. We have listened to our constituents; we have observed what has happened in our States—great laboratories—and we are acting here today to allow those who have been given this wretched, wretched prescription that their life is about to end to have a chance and a choice. That is what we are doing today. We are overcoming the barriers that exist at the State level. We are doing it in a reasonable and thoughtful way that protects patient safety and creates this new alternative pathway for them. This is important legislation. It is not often in this body we get this opportunity to make this kind of a change and provide chance and hope for those who see their loved ones dying before their eyes. I met with Jordan McLinn and his mother, Laura, earlier today. They have been incredible advocates for this cause. And they had just come from a meeting with Vice President PENCE , who, with the President, has been an extraordinary supporter of this effort. From his Bible, Jordan showed me the Parable of the Lost Sheep, which is one of his favorites. It is a parable he had shared with the Vice President. That Parable of the Lost Sheep tells us that not a single sheep should be lost, that the shepherd cares about them all. That same sentiment is what brings us here to right to try today. Every opportunity to save a life matters, and every patient deserves that right to try. That is the legislation before us today, Mr. Speaker. It is well conceived, it is well thought out, and it will make a difference in saving lives. I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ and pass this legislation and give people a right to try. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5247. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4545, FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS EXAMINATION FAIRNESS AND REFORM ACT; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1116, TAKING ACCOUNT OF INSTITUTIONS WITH LOW OPERATION RISK ACT OF 2017; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4263, REGULATION AT IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. BUCK, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–595) on the resolution (H. Res. 773) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4545) to amend the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 to improve the examination of depository institutions, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1116) to require the Federal financial institutions regulatory agencies to take risk profiles and business models of institutions into account when taking regulatory actions, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4263) to amend the Securities Act of 1933 with respect to small company capital formation, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
COMMUNICATION FROM DISTRICT DIRECTOR, THE HONORABLE PETE AGUILAR, MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from Teresa Valdez, District Director, the Honorable PETEAGUILAR , Member of Congress: 
Washington, DC, March 1, 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a subpoena for documents and a separate subpoena for testimony, issued by the Superior Court of California, County of San Bernardino. After consulting with the Office of General Counsel, I will make the determinations required by Rule VIII. Sincerely, TERESA VALDEZ , District Director, Congressman Pete Aguilar. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 13, 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Clerk received the following message from the Secretary of the Senate on March 13, 2018, at 9:53 a.m.: That the Secretary of the Senate request the House to return the official papers to the Senate H.R. 1207. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
REQUESTING RETURN OF H.R. 1207, TILDEN VETERANS POST OFFICE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following privileged message from the Senate: 
In the Senate of the United States, March 12, 2018. Ordered, That the Secretary be directed to request the House of Representatives to return to the Senate the bill (H.R. 1207) entitled ‘‘An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’.’’. Attest: JULIE E. A DAMS , Secretary. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the request is granted. There was no objection. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove my name as cosponsor on H.J. Res. 50 and H.R. 60. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arizona? There was no objection. 
THE SAVANNAH HOPE STILLBIRTH CHILD TAX CREDIT (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as the author of the Savannah Hope Stillbirth Child Tax Credit Act, which would allow a onetime refundable tax credit after the stillbirth in a family, the same amount that is given for the existing child tax credit. The bill is named after Savannah Schumacher, a baby that Steve and Jill Schumacher from Eden Prairie, Minnesota, lost at 33 weeks. Mr. Speaker, families of stillborn children not only face medical expenses that aren’t always covered by insurance, but they face burial, cremation, and grief counseling costs that add up to be very significant expenses. Minnesota is among the States that have already enacted these credits at the State level. And while a tax credit can’t make up for the loss of a child, it does acknowledge that child’s existence, even though he or she passed away before birth, and it will hopefully help support grieving families that have gone through the unthinkable. CONGRATULATING IMPACT CHRISTIAN TV NETWORK (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the country’s only African American owned Christian television network, the IMPACT Christian TV network. Over the weekend, at Metropolitan Baptist Church in Newark, New Jersey, I joined IMPACT for the celebration of their launch onto the Altice family of programming. The launch is a big step for Altice and people across the Nation. The partnership between IMPACT and Altice means that the country’s only AfricanAmerican owned and operated Christian television network will now reach more than 85 million homes around the world. As we have seen with the ‘‘Oscars So Black’’ movement and spotlight on inequality in film and television, people across the country are demanding increased diversity in programming. IMPACT’s launch on Altice is another step in the right direction. It is a historic pairing that will bring diversity and ministry to millions of homes. I would like to point out that, in my district, the 10th Congressional District of the State of New Jersey, I want to commend two local heroes for helping move this effort forward. I want to commend Reverend Dr. David Jefferson of Metropolitan Baptist Church and the IMPACT team, and Marilyn Davis and the Altice team for what they did to make this launch happen. f 
THE TOMPKINS FALCONS ARE WINNERS (Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, in 1898, the Katy school district opened. In those 120 years, no Katy team ever played in the Texas Men’s Basketball Championship. The Tompkins Falcons have only been around for 5 years. Yet, 4 days ago, those 5yearold Falcons led Katy to its first Texas 6A finals. They came up 1.1 seconds short, losing by 2 points in overtime. There is an old saying in Texas: You see the true character, the true heart of a team, in defeat, not victory. That means the Tompkins Falcons have the biggest hearts in Texas. The best example is the words of the Falcons star senior Jamal Bieniemy: ‘‘We still have life after basketball. We still have to wake up. We still have to breathe and live for each other.’’ I will close with words from Falcons head coach Bobby Sanders: ‘‘It was gratifying we got this far. I am proud of them.’’ Mr. Speaker, on behalf of 850,000 Texans in Texas 22, I want to say: Darn straight, coach. Darn straight. b1915 AUSTIN BOMBINGS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as the senior member on the Judiciary Committee, I remember dealing with church bombings some few years ago. So I rise today to acknowledge my colleagues in Austin and to express my sympathy for the bombing deaths that occurred with a nondescript package being left at the homes of African Americans and a Hispanic. I believe action is needed now, and I certainly thank law enforcement for engaging ATF and the FBI. But I think it was important that when the first bombing occurred, notice generally should have been made about nondescript packages at the homes of individuals. We know the facts are not all in. The investigation is ongoing. However, the Federal Government can be of help to local law enforcement that I know is working hard. We want to be there for them. But it is important to take note, and I want my constituents to be aware, that nondescript packages, until this dastardly individual is found, please call the police in whatever jurisdiction you are in in the State of Texas, and let’s hope that we can find this person as quickly as possible. Mr. Speaker, my deepest sympathy and prayers are with those who already lost their life. f 
LEGAL IMMIGRATION (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to commend and welcome President Trump to California, where, amongst other things, he is looking at the technology with which to control our borders, an obligation we have as a State, but more so as a country whose jurisdiction it is. We welcome legal immigration to our State and to our country, not illegal immigration or the other euphemisms that are used, undocumented immigrants, what have you. Indeed, if we don’t have borders, we don’t really have a nation. So let’s get cracking on controlling our borders and having a legal immigration process. It is better for the immigrants, it is better for the security of our Nation, and it is better for its people. That is all it is about. It is really that simple. 
EXPERIMENTAL DRUGS (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak against the Right to Try Act. 
It sounds compassionate, but it only offers fake hope. An FDA process already exists to allow terminally ill patients to try experimental drugs at no charge. But the difference is that the proposal that we just voted on strips consumer protections and charges patients. The FDA program receives about 1,000 requests each year and responds in a few days, often recommending changes to enhance safety for the patient. Removing the FDA from the approval process does not add value and could instead be detrimental. The bill would open up access to drugs after phase I trials, which are very small and, more often than not, unsuccessful. This bill allows pharmaceutical companies to profit off of experimental drugs that could ruin the quality of life that is left. This bill creates the wrong incentives and pushes care for the terminally ill in the wrong direction, which is why I join patient and consumer advocates in their strong opposition to this bill. This was under suspension and, therefore, did not pass. I remain opposed to the bill. 
FIRST FEMALE FIREFIGHTER (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding member of my community, Mary View from Ilion, New York. Mary recently made history by becoming the first female firefighter in the Village of Ilion. Mary was raised in a family of firefighters. Her father, Ed View III, is currently the deputy chief of the Herkimer Fire Department; and her grandfather, Ed View II, also served in the Herkimer Fire Department and is now happily retired. As a young girl, she would spend a lot of time at the fire station. She remembers being in the car with her father when he would receive emergency calls, and she would be happy to join along with him to respond. Serving in the fire department is a bit of a legacy, as we described, for the View family. Mary always thought she would grow up to become a firefighter, and despite a brief time thinking she was going to take up a career in criminal justice, the urge to become a firefighter was irresistible, and Mary ended up doing just that. Mary is not only making history, but also living her lifelong dream. She hopes to be an inspiration to all women who want to pursue the same career in the fire service. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating Mary View on making history as the first woman firefighter in the Village of Ilion. She is part of the next generation of women leaders, and I know she will do an amazing job. REMEMBERING OFFICER GREGORY JONATHAN CASILLAS (Mrs. TORRES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I report to you an incident that occurred the evening of March 9. Officers of the Pomona Police Department were involved in a short pursuit that resulted in a 15hourlong standoff. At the onset of that standoff, Officer Gregory Jonathan Casillas was killed in the line of duty. Officer Casillas was at the beginning of his career in law enforcement. He was a dedicated public servant. He was young, energetic, and honest. He never lost hope or sight of his dreams. Officer Casillas joined the Pomona Police Department in December of 2014, working his way up as a records specialist, jailer, recruit, to his graduation in 2017 from the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Academy Class No. 207. He died doing what he loved: serving our community. He is survived by his wife and his 5 monthold and 4yearold sons. Officer Casillas, your memory and spirit will live on. May you rest in peace. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ANGIE GOMEZ (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Angie Gomez. Angie visited Las Vegas on October 1 for the Route 91 music festival. Angie is described by her friends as a naturalborn caregiver. It was only natural for her to want to get certified as a nursing assistant, so she did. Outside of caring for others, she loved theater and choir, participating in both throughout middle school and high school. Angie loved nothing more than to spend time with her two nieces, whom she adored. Friends and family remember her as a team player who wasn’t afraid of being herself. She was funloving, sweet, and had a great sense of humor. I would like to extend my condolences to Angie’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. ELLISON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow is a very important day. Students in my district are walking out of school because they expect their leaders to do something about this problem of gun violence. For years, this body sadly has failed to act; and because we failed to act, our young people are acting tomorrow. Mr. Speaker, 2,808 people have died in 2018 already because of this scourge of gun violence. Why isn’t that enough for us to act? It is only March, and already we have almost 3,000 people dead. I guess that is not a surprise because at least 15,549 people died from gun violence in 2017 last year. Isn’t that enough? We know why this is going on: powerful commercial interests in Washington—gun manufacturers led by their lawyer, I guess the NRA—are preventing basic, commonsense approaches to safety. You can’t even study it. The Centers for Disease Control is prohibited from studying gun violence. We don’t have enough resources to really make a true database so that you can find the people who are, in fact, legally prohibited from getting guns, so they sneak through the holes. There are many other problems. Now is the time, Mr. Speaker. We have to act with those young people who are walking out tomorrow. f 
NATIONAL K–9 VETERANS DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, in my previous life, before Congress—I am a veterinarian in the practice for 30 years— I have had the pleasure of taking care of all of God’s creatures. It has been a privilege, a pleasure, and an honor. So much is going on in Washington and the world, and we hear a lot of bad things going on, so tonight we are going to do a Special Order honoring K–9 Veterans Day, March 13. This evening, my colleagues and I would like to take a moment and pay tribute to the thousands of working dogs that serve our Nation. They serve in the military. They serve in the fire department, the police department, and the Drug Enforcement Agency. They serve in your neighbor’s house next door to alert people of intruders, maybe a fire, or finding a lost child. There is a group of people who do search and rescue only on a volunteer basis. These unsung heroes, our K–9s, serve our Nation in many ways. Their contributions to our neighborhoods, communities, towns, cities, States, and even Nation cannot be overstated. The biggest thankyou goes out to all of these K–9s serving our Nation’s military and working to keep the homeland safe both here and abroad, as well as our local law enforcement K–9s. Tonight we honor you. Over the past few months, I have had the honor of getting to know the working K–9s and their handlers that serve 
Florida’s Third Congressional District. After great visits, demonstrations, discussions—and I even had the experience yesterday with our team in our district; I experienced the subdued tactics of these dogs, wearing protective gear, of course—I am convinced more than ever that these amazing animals and their handlers need support and recognition for the incredible work that they do. It is not just in north central Florida and northeast Florida. You can find these selfless heroes in all districts all across our great country. Whether it is checking the stadiums top to bottom, which, incidentally, yesterday, when we got to talking to the different sheriff’s organizations, they said, at every Gator game at the University of Florida, the dogs check the entire stadium. For those who have been to Gator Nation and seen our stadium there, it is a huge stadium, as all are, and they check it before every game, every basketball game, every big venue, and these dogs are out there working to keep Americans safe. Whether it is checking, as I said, the stadiums top to bottom for explosives or narcotics prior to big sporting events or helping find a missing person or being there at just the right moment when an officer is in need of backup, these K–9s deserve to have their stories heard tonight. Tonight we celebrate National K–9 Veterans Day. My colleagues and I intend to do just that. While we celebrate their services tonight, I want to encourage all Members to do what they can to support these K–9s, their handlers, and the departments they represent. National K–9 Veterans Day began in World War I, when the most famous K– 9, Sergeant Stubby, shined a spotlight on the incredible working dogs and the value they bring to our national service. Brigadier General SCOTT PERRY is going to talk about Stubby more tonight, so I will leave that for him. b1930 In Vietnam, nearly 4,000 dogs actively served, and in Iraq, these dogs were critical in sniffing out deadly IEDs. Since then, these dogs have served in our military and law enforcement, working hard to keep Americans safe. We owe not just today to these K– 9s, but a thanks every day for their service. To begin tonight, I would recognize the K–9 teams that serve in my home district and will share many of their stories here tonight. However, I want to start with one of my favorites from the Alachua County Sheriff’s Office. In December 2017, in the far northern reaches of rural Alachua County, a previous victim of domestic violence and battery was walking out to meet detectives when she heard the voice of her assailant calling to her from the darkness. Terrified, she ran back inside, called 911, and deputies responded in an effort to catch the suspect with active warrants that included kidnapping and sexual assault. Deputy Sheriff Chris Drake and K–9 Rous arrived, knowing full well that the suspect had not only stolen the victim’s car with a gun inside earlier, but dug a hole and buried himself to elude a helicopter searchlight and a floor camera the night before. With that information, Chris and his dog, Rous, began to track the suspect. Lifting K–9 Rous over some fences and cutting their way through others, Deputy Drake and others continued following the suspect’s scent until, as Drake’s report reads: ‘‘Rous . . . still smelling human odor . . . ears forward, and staring intently . . . identified something lying in the water . . . the man stood up from the water . . . turned north into the woods and disappeared.’’ Continuing their track, K–9 Rous and Deputy Drake again found the suspect hiding in a separate swamp, with only his back exposed. That is not a good thing with a catch dog. When challenged, the felon fled again, and K–9 Rous was released to catch him. K–9 Rous ran into the water, swam briefly, and apprehended the suspect on the arm, enduring punches to the head and holding on until deputies could arrive and assist, placing the suspect in handcuffs for a trip to the hospital and then jail. These deputies and their K–9 partners are on the road every day, working 12 hour shifts, 24 hours a day, supporting every local law enforcement patrol task and providing mutual aid to our neighboring jurisdictions when called upon. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ), another veterinarian. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today is National K–9 Veterans Day. As a member of the Veterinarian Caucus, I rise to commemorate the service of our fourlegged friends who assist our military and police force in keeping our Nation and our communities safe. Though the War Dogs program, or K– 9 Corps as it is commonly known, was first established during World War II, dogs have been assisting our soldiers since pit bulls were used for security during the Civil War. On March 13, 1942, the K–9 Corps was officially born and became immediately effective. Dogs were used in the Pacific theater, where it has been said that the Japanese never ambushed or made a surprise attack on a patrol led by one of these dogs. It is estimated that the Army employed 1,500 dogs in the Korean war and 4,000 dogs during the Vietnam war. With noses 100,000 times as sensitive as humans, our soldiers continue to use them today to sniff for bombs in places like Iraq and Afghanistan. One named Cairo was even used to sniff for bombs around Osama bin Laden’s compound during the raid to take him down. Just like soldiers, these dogs go through rigorous training to serve our Nation. Their courage, loyalty, and acumen have saved countless lives. We appreciate their service and the service of their trainers and the soldiers who use them on the battlefield. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, next I yield to the gentleman from my Pennsylvania, Brigadier General SCOTT PERRY , my good friend. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I also want to join my friends in honoring National K–9 Veterans Day. Every March 13, we commemorate the United States Army’s first K–9 Corps training program. While this program began in 1942, the history of our ‘‘best friend’’ engaging in training and combat with us extends well beyond that date. Today, we commemorate the iconic Sergeant Stubby. If you don’t know about Stubby, Sergeant Stubby was a brindle bull terrier mutt from New Haven, Connecticut. Stubby was adopted by U.S. Army Private Robert Conroy, who stowed him away on a ship bound for France in the First World War, where his service was integral to saving American lives. Stubby was allowed to join our soldiers on the front lines after he was discovered by Private Conroy’s commanding officer. Because Stubby rendered a salute to the commander, he was allowed to stay. While on the front, he was once injured during a gas strike and developed a unique sensitivity to the smell of chemical weapons used at that time. His sensitivity was used to alert sleeping troops to another gas attack. He rescued them on numerous occasions from an ill and very painful fate. Sergeant Stubby also thwarted a German spy attempting to map out the battlefield of the Allied trenches. He did that by grabbing onto the German soldier, biting him and subduing him until the American soldiers could arrive. Sergeant Stubby served in 17 separate battles during World War I. Private Conroy’s grandson, Curt Deane, recalled stories about Stubby: ‘‘My grandmother was always clear: he was a service dog. He gave the troops comfort . . . and support. He used to run through the trenches and warn them about gas attacks. He used to go outside of the trenches and into this sort of no man’s land between the U.S. and the German trenches and stand by soldiers who had been injured until the medics could come and get them.’’ Sergeant Stubby became a lifetime member of the American Legion and was recognized as the mascot of Georgetown University in the 1920s, where Private Conroy then studied law. In 1921, Stubby was awarded the Humane Education Society’s Hero Dog gold medal and earned the honor of meeting General John ‘‘Blackjack’’ Pershing, the highest ranking servicemember since General George Washington, at that time. Sergeant Stubby died in Private Conroy’s arms on March 16, 1926. Today, Sergeant Stubby is set to be immortalized in an animated film 
premiering next month. That will be great for us all to see. His loyalty, bravery, and selflessness is the legacy for thousands of service dogs being trained at any given time in all branches of our military, as well as our local, State, and Federal law enforcement agencies. While we aren’t yet able to measure the exact number of lives saved by service dogs, one thing is certain: dogs really are a man’s and woman’s best friend. We are forever grateful and indebted to these animals and applaud them, their handlers and caretakers for their tireless service and devotion to duty and showing us the true meaning of ‘‘battle buddy.’’ Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Pennsylvania, Brigadier General SCOTT PERRY , for sharing that story. The attitude and loyalty of the dog is amazing, as well as the singularity of purpose in their drive and ambition. Like I said, yesterday, we got to experience police K–9 dogs going after a victim. I was the victim. I had a glove on my arm. But we saw the intent and the way those dogs focus. They showed us a demonstration of sniffing out gunpowder. They hid it in a big room with all sorts of explosives. These dogs just go to task and don’t complain. I think there is a lesson we all can learn from. I thank the gentleman for his participation and for his story. I look forward to that movie. It is funny how people say dogs can’t talk, but we know they do through their body language. That is why movies like that that highlight the actions of an animal, especially dogs, do so well. I know that will be a blockbuster. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. JONES ). Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for hosting this tonight for us to talk about the importance of these dogs. They are more than dogs; they are buddies to our men and women in uniform who have been fighting for America. Mr. Speaker, in the year 2000, I had the honor and the pleasure of meeting John Burnam, retired United States Army combat infantryman and dog handler during the Vietnam war. He approached me with the idea of a War Dog Memorial to honor our great K–9 veterans. John shared with me the impact that these animals had on him and his fellow handlers in the sixties. They are forever emotionally grateful for their K–9 buddies. Through this relationship, as we began to work on a War Dog Memorial in 2007, which took several years, a marine named Dustin Lee was killed in the Iraq war. John had written a story. He wanted me to read the story and then speak out and reach out to General Regner, United States Marine Corps, and ask him to please retire this wonderful animal named Lex, a German shepherd, who had also been wounded with his master, and ask General Regner to reach out to the Air Force to retire Lex. I want to read briefly the story that John had written and given to me. I will read five paragraphs from the article, ‘‘My Partner Dustin.’’ ‘‘I’m a U.S. Marine and the primary element of a twomember team trained to hunt and locate explosives. My partner and I trained as a team for many months honing our expertise to save American lives in the war on terrorism in Iraq. ‘‘It’s March 21, 2007, and I’m on the job in Fallujah, Iraq, when an enemy fired rocket propelled grenade explodes in our midst. I’m blasted to the ground and stunned. My head is ringing and my body feels numb. My eyes can’t quite focus on anything. ‘‘My partner is lying next to me severely wounded and bleeding. I move to him and touch him, but he’s not responding. I feel sharp pains in my side and back. I’m bleeding but deal with it and concentrate on comforting my partner and protecting him from further harm. ‘‘Everything’s happening so fast that I’m disorientated and confused. My senses pick up the lingering smell of burnt powder and smoke from the explosion. I hear lots of American voices and heavy boot steps hurrying all around us. They reach our location and immediately attend to my partner, then carry him away. I’m separated from my partner for the first time. I’m not clear of thought, and then I, too, am carried way but to a different hospital. ‘‘I’m in a building lying on a table with lights above and people talking. Still dazed and confused, I hear a strange voice saying my name, ‘Lex.’ I gesture a slight reflex of acknowledgment. ‘Lex, you are going to be okay buddy. Just lay still. We are going to take care of your wounds, so stay calm okay, Lex?’ My eyes dart around the room searching for my partner, but he’s not there and no one can interpret my thoughts.’’ The partner died. I was called by John Burnam to read this story. I sent this story to General Mike Regner. I said: Mike, we need to retire this dog for the family. Mr. Speaker, the family lived in Mississippi. I didn’t know them. This story, which I include in the RECORD , touched my heart. 
‘‘MYPARTNER DUSTIN ’’ (By John C. Burnam, December 21, 2007) I’m a U.S. Marine and the primary element of a twomember team trained to hunt and locate explosives. My partner and I trained as a team for many months honing our expertise to save American lives in the War on Terrorism in Iraq. It’s March 21, 2007 and I’m on the job in Fallujah, Iraq when an enemy fired Rocket Propelled Grenade (RPG) explodes in our midst. I’m blasted to the ground and stunned. My head is ringing and my body feels numb. My eyes can’t quite focus on anything. My partner is lying next to me severely wounded and bleeding. I move to him and touch him but he’s not responding. I feel sharp pains in my side and back. I’m bleeding but deal with it and concentrate on comforting my partner and protecting him from further harm. Everything’s happening so fast that I’m disorientated and confused. My senses pick up the lingering smell of burnt powder and smoke from the explosion. I hear lots of American voices and heavy bootsteps hurrying all around us. They reach our location and immediately attend to my partner, then carry him away. I’m separated from my partner for the first time. I’m not clear of thought and then I too am carried way but to a different hospital. I’m in a building lying on a table with lights above and people talking. Still dazed and confused I hear a strange voice say my name, ‘‘Lex!’’ I gesture a slight reflex of acknowledgement. ‘‘Lex! You are going to be okay buddy! Just lay still. We are going to take care of your wounds, so stay calm okay, Lex?’’ My eyes dart around the room searching for my partner, but he’s not there and no one can interpret my thoughts. Later, I’m released from the hospital and well enough to travel so they transfer me from Iraq to a U.S. Marine Corp base in Albany, Georgia. I really miss my partner, Dusty. I know something has happened to him because he would never have left me alone for so long. Yes, my name is Lex. I’m a seven year old German shepherd Military Working Dog, service number E132. My master and loyal partner is Corporal Dustin Jerome Lee, 20 year old U.S. Marine Corps canine handler from Quitman, Mississippi. I’m well disciplined to my master’s commands and expertly trained to sniff out bombs and explosives. Where’s my master, Dusty, my partner? No one can understand me but Dusty. Where’s Dusty? Iraq was to be my last combat tour before retirement. Dusty talked to me all the time about going home and adopting me. I sure do miss him. He is the best friend I’ve ever had. I love that crazy Marine from Mississippi! No one can measure the love and unconditional loyalty I have for Dusty. I’d sacrifice my own life for him and he knows it. I just wish I could have stopped that RPG or pushed Dusty away from that powerful blast. It all happened in a blink of an eye and I didn’t see it coming until it was too late. Now I sit alone in my kennelrun waiting for the day Dusty shows up. The U.S. Marines are treating me very well. I get enough food and water and exercise each day. And the veterinarian comes by to examine my wounds on a regular basis. I just can’t sleep well at night. I wake up to every little noise and I think about Dusty. Where can that Marine be? The nights are long. The days turn into weeks. Still no Dusty! My wounds are healing and my hair is growing back. The pain is still in my back but I can walk okay. I have a piece of shrapnel near my spine that the veterinarians avoid removing for fear of worse complications. I have spent twelve weeks in rehabilitation after my surgery and declared physically unable to perform in a combat zone. One of the dog handlers gave me a real good bath and grooming. I felt so refreshed because I was on my way to meet Dusty’s family. Maybe Dusty will be there waiting for me. When I arrived I sensed something was not quite right. Dusty wasn’t there and everyone was sad, but very happy to greet me. I then realized that I was attending Dusty’s funeral. Everyone showed up to pay their respects. Dusty is a real American hero and he was buried with full military honors. I was so proud to have been his last best friend and 
partner. At one particular moment of total silence during the ceremony, I sniffed a slight scent in the air that was very familiar. It smelled like Dusty. I figured he sent me a signal that he knew I was there! I wagged my tail and moaned a sigh of grief that he would only hear and understand. I just about lost my tail in that horrible explosion and the veterinarian fixed it so it still wags okay. I was greeted by the Lee family with joy in their hearts. The picture is of Dustin’s mom, Rachel, and me in church. It felt so warm and comfortable to be with my partner’s loving family. I wanted to stay but I was escorted away after the funeral and back to Albany, Georgia. What is going to happen to me now? Wait a minute! I was due for retirement, right? Why did the military take me to see Dusty’s family and not leave me there? I belong with them in Mississippi not here in Georgia. The Lee family adopting me would not be too much to ask considering they will never again see their son, grandson, brother, nephew and friend. Adopting me will keep a big part of Dusty’s life alive for them and for me. I will enable Dusty’s family to experience what he already knew about me. I loved and protected him everywhere we went and even on the battlefield in Iraq. It’s time the U.S. Marine Corps allowed Dustin’s family to adopt me. I’m not a young pup anymore, you know! I’m a senior of retirement age. I want to spend last years of my life with the Lee family. It’s where I now belong! It’s been eight long months since we buried my partner, Dustin, and all attempts by the Lee family to adopt me have failed. The Marines have placed me back on duty training new recruits. My back bothers me some but I’m an expert on the job. It’s the recruits that have a lot to learn about keeping their eyes on me and understanding my body language. Dustin and I bonded as a team and our minds were always in sync. There has been a turn of events in my adoption. U.S. Congressman Walter B. Jones of North Carolina heard my story and immediately contacted the U.S. Marine Corps Commandant at the Pentagon in Washington D.C. requesting my urgent release. The Marines really showed off their compassion for the Lee family and me too! They even dispatched a veterinarian to give me a complete final medical examination. I feel a sense of excitement I haven’t felt in a very long time. I even have a prance in my step! That’s a Christmas picture of me and Dusty in Iraq, December 2006. That’s me smiling with the Lee family and some of Dusty’s Marine pals at the funeral in Quitman, Mississippi, April 2007. The top Marine brass and the veterinarian signed the official papers saying I’m AOK to be adopted. I got an honorable discharge from the U.S. Marine Corps on December 21, 2007, the anniversary day of Dustin’s death. I will be home with the Lee family for Christmas. That’s a picture of me greeting the Lee family at my retirement ceremony at the U.S. Marine Corps base, Albany, Georgia, December 21, 2007. The news media was everywhere! My adoption even made the nightly news on national television. I’m the first Marine Corps combat veteran working dog to ever be retired to the family of a fallen Marine. Dusty? I’m sure you had a lot to do with all this from heaven. And I can hardly wait to visit your room and lie down on your bed and sniff your boots and clothes. Living with your family will be like having you around again, Dusty! Always Faithful, LEX(E132), German Shepherd, Military Working Dog, U.S. Marine Corps Veteran (Retired). Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I called him and I said: Mike, this family has lost everything, their son. They want Lex to retire and live out the rest of his life. He had shrapnel in his back. So, the Air Force agreed with General Regner and retired the dog. That dog spent 8 years with the family of the marine who was killed. I went over to Walter Reed on a regular basis during the Iraq war, and I never will forget a young Army guy who had lost his leg. He told me the story. He was a dog handler of a platoon and waiting for the dog to go out and sniff an IED. The dog goes out, finds the IED, and turns around and looks at the platoon. Then the IED exploded. There are so many of these stories that it is hard to even get a record of them. b1945 In closing, I wanted to thank former President George W. Bush. He signed the bill to erect a War Dog Memorial at Lackland Air Force Base. John Burnam deserves so much credit. He got the private sector to pay for the memorial at Lackland Air Force Base. So the dogs that Mr. YOHOand others have spoken about tonight will never be forgotten. There is a memorial for them and the work they have done for this country. I want to say that, to me, of all the things—I have been in Congress 20 years—but when you touch a dog, you touch a child. These dogs have done so much to save the children who are now soldiers, marines, airmen, and sailors, to save those people from being killed by IEDs and the enemy. So, again, I thank Mr. YOHO very much for putting this together, and I thank God that we can always remember that an animal is a gift from God as much as we are as human beings. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from North Carolina. And I love that story. That is a great story. What you touched on is the loyalty, the trust, the integrity of these working dogs—not only in the work they do, but when they come back to the home—of what they do. It is unconditional love and unconditional loyalty. We should take a lesson from that as humans, shouldn’t we? Mr. JONES. Amen. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I would like to tell a story from my district, and this deals with seizing the drugs and profits that arm criminals: As part of their regularly assigned duties with the GainesvilleAlachua County Drug Task Force, Sergeant Bryan Jones and K–9 Jerry responded to assist another agent with a traffic stop on Interstate 75. Despite a series of efforts by the suspect, like those seen on television to hide contraband in hidden compartments, K–9 Jerry couldn’t be fooled—locating nearly $100,000 in cash and over a kilogram of narcotics. It is just amazing how these dogs know what to do and they are so good at it. They smell things that we can’t even think about with their sensory perception. Another story is rescuing those that need our help: In February 2018, the Florida Highway Patrol contacted the Alachua County Sheriff’s Office after finding an abandoned vehicle along Interstate 75 near San Felasco Hammock Preserve State Park. It appeared as though the driver, diagnosed with a mental illness and having fled his home in south Florida, may have wandered into the park and its over 7,000 acres of forest, sinkholes, rattle snakes, ponds, alligators, and trails. Deputy Sheriff Lloyd O’Quinn and K– 9 Eins began tracking the subject through the woods until becoming physically exhausted in the heat. Deputy Sheriff James Riley and K–9 Knight, Deputy Sheriff Esau Bright and K–9 Rosco, Deputy Sheriff Chris Drake and K–9 Rous, and Sergeant Michael Hurlocker and K–9 Havok all responded and relieved one another with tracking throughout the park. After tracking and searching the wooded area for several hours, and with the help of the prison bloodhounds sent to assist from the Florida Department of Corrections, the driver was safely located and was provided the treatment he needed at an area hospital to the relief of his family and friends far away. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia, TOM GARRETT , a good friend of mine that served in our military in the Army. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO), on this day when we honor dogs that serve honorably, just like the women and men who serve our country, for putting on this Special Order. Anyone who has ever had a dog understands the depths of the bonds that can develop between human beings and their fourlegged friends. I can remember every single dog that we have ever owned. I can remember how each one died. I can remember being there when two died. I never had the discipline or the opportunity or honor to serve with the working dogs that defend not just our country abroad, but also here at home. But as I say, of my time in the military, I am not a hero, but I have gotten to meet some. In researching for this opportunity to honor those fourlegged heroes and those with whom they work, I had the opportunity to read about some books: ‘‘Always Faithful,’’ a book about Marine Corps working dogs by William Putney; ‘‘The Dogs of War’’ by Lisa Rogak; ‘‘War Dogs’’ by Rebecca Frankel; and ‘‘Sergeant Rex’’ by Mike Dowling, among the most highly commended; as well as ‘‘Unconditional Honor’’ primarily by Cathy Scott, 
which recognizes the fact that those of you watching at home, and this RECORD , might not contemplate, and that is the role that dogs play, not just on the battlefield and in finding missing people, and fighting crime here at home, but also when helping our servicemen and women recover from wounds visible and invisible when they return to this country. Indeed, thousands of servicemembers, welcomed by a climate that is shifting as it relates to service dogs, take the definition of working dog beyond the battlefield and outside of the field of crime and punishment into bedrooms and living rooms, and they help our brothers and sisters heal from wounds that most of us, praise God, will never be able to imagine. As I think has been noted, at any given time, there are more than over 2,000 military working dogs with roughly 700 working overseas. These specially trained dogs can cost anywhere from $5,000 to $30,000 to procure and train, and about 30 service dogs annually are killed in the line of duty. When I was in the military, we always looked with admiration upon the individuals who had the decorations and the pins and an adornments that very few people would earn. One was HALO wings. That stands for high altitude low opening. That is when you jump out of an airplane so high that someone couldn’t possibly imagine that there might be someone inserting via this mechanism. Well, indeed, we have military dogs that insert this way, as well as strapped to their handlers via helicopter, and every other imaginable circumstance. In fact, as I look at history, the oldest documented accounts of dogs either being used as accoutrements to defend their people or accompanying their masters onto the field of battle are almost 3,000 years old, and this is about as long as we can go back into documented written history. But tonight, Mr. Speaker, I want to speak briefly about a personal friend and hero. In early 2006, Patrick Sheridan of the Louisa County Sheriff’s Office procured Magpie Electric Potential from a bloodhound kennel in New Jersey and began working very hard with what I believe was the second dog that Lieutenant Sheridan would train. In fact, Lieutenant Sheridan and his K–9 team have become so successful in working K–9 operations and scent tracking, specifically, that they have tracked individuals on multiple continents and in multiple nations. And over the course of Magpie Electric Potential’s, aka Maggie’s, 6year career, she worked almost 350 calls for service. In 2010 alone, her duties ranged from trailing breakingandentering suspects and suspects in violent crime cases to helping locate a missing 5 yearold child before that child succumbed to the elements. On December 12, 2011, Maggie and Lieutenant Sheridan were not engaged in chasing down a drug dealer or finding some horrific individual and preventing them from visiting domestic violence on someone once too frequently victimized, but, instead, searching for an individual who had been reported missing and suicidal. I make this point to note that these dogs defend the people with whom they serve and the people of our communities. On this occasion, Maggie, while trailing again on nearly her 350th working call, encountered a pit bull and ultimately was attacked and succumbed to her injuries. Her end of watch on December 12, 2011, represents one of hundreds of working dog deaths just this century. I, too, commend former President Bush for the establishment and the use of private citizen dollars to do such of a War Dog Memorial and hope that we will see something similar done as it relates to those working dogs who defend us not in the military, but in law enforcement here at home, not only by pursuing and apprehending criminals, but also by finding missing children and those who might harm themselves. Mr. Speaker, I would commend to those viewing and to the Members of this body, when they find a dog handler or someone who had worked as a dog handler in the past, please say ‘‘thank you’’ for the dedication, time, and loyalty that is, indeed, reciprocal and unconditional because we need never fathom how many lives have been saved. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the good gentleman from Virginia. The gentleman brought up some great things there, the dedication of the handlers. Here we have got the Clay County Sheriff’s Department with Diesel, a bloodhound that these guys are so dedicated with the dogs that they work with. It is unbelievable, the good they do, the search and the rescue that they do. And you brought up on Maggie how she had—the 350th working call that Maggie had performed for the people of our country. And this is something people don’t realize, the amount of calls these dogs go on and the amount of work that they do. The average lifespan or service of these dogs is anywhere from 7 to 9 years, and people wonder about the cost of the dog, the cost of a program. Yeah, it is expensive to keep these dogs, but what we have found is so many people out there who are goodhearted who realize the benefit of the working K–9 that they donate the cost of the dog. Many times the cost of the dog can run from $5,000 to $9,000 by the time you get it trained, and $4,000 to $5,000 a year to maintain these. And there is a lot of community help to make sure this gets done. Mr. Speaker, I will now talk about another dog at the Gainesville Police Department: Justice is a German Shepherd that worked for the Gainesville Police Department starting in September 2006. During his career, Justice was responsible for locating hundreds of—hundreds of offenders. He assisted several other agencies throughout his career to include the Florida Highway Patrol, the Alachua County Sheriff’s Office, the Putnam County Sheriff’s Office, the University of Florida Police Department, the City of Alachua Police Department, and the City of High Springs Police Department. Justice was credited with saving a life. The incident involved a suicidal person who had taken a deadly amount of prescription pills, left a suicide note, and walked off into the woods. After 2 hours of officers trying to locate the person, Officer Owens and Justice were called to the scene while off duty. Justice was able to track and locate the person who was passed out by the effects of the pill and clinging to life. EMS was called, and the person was taken to the hospital. Doctors stated that if the person was not located when they were, the medications taken would have, no doubt, ended in their death and another suicide. Justice received a lifesaving award through the department. On the last night of his career, Justice was called to locate a suspect that fled from an officer who recognized him as a felony habitual traffic offender and a drug dealer. The officer tried to conduct a traffic stop on the vehicle being driven by the suspect. When the officer activated his overhead lights, the suspect turned off his headlights, accelerated to a high speed, fleeing through a neighborhood. The officer did not pursue the vehicle. Another officer located the abandoned vehicle minutes later. A perimeter search was established. Office Charles Owens and Justice responded to the scene. Justice began a track from the driver’s side door. The track led through several backyards and for several blocks. Justice’s track led into a wooded area where the suspect was located by Justice trying to conceal himself under a fallen tree. If not for Justice, the suspect would have eluded capture. Justice was sent to retire at the end of the shift, which ended at 4 a.m. He captured his last suspect just in the nick of time at 3 a.m. Officer Owens took possession of Justice after his retirement, and they have been with each other since. Justice turns 15 on March 15 of this year and is still as active as he can be in his seasoned age. And I think, again, that is a model for all of us to follow. Another story, Mr. Speaker, K–9 deputy successfully talks down an armed suicidal subject: The Marion County Sheriff’s Office deputies responded to the 17,800 block of County Road 25 in reference to a domestic altercation. It was learned that the suspect battered and strangled a female victim. The suspect fled the area, just prior to the deputy’s arrival. K–9 Deputy Jeremie Nix and K–9 Drago tracked and located the suspect in a wooded area, at which time the suspect advised he was armed with a firearm and a knife and threatened suicide. 
b2000 Deputy Nix was able to create a dialogue with the suspect and persuaded him to surrender peacefully. He did not have a firearm, but he was armed with a knife. The suspect was arrested and charged with domestic battery by strangulation and is being held in the Marion County Jail on $10,000 bond. During this standoff, Deputy Nix and K–9 Drago accidentally stepped into a yellow jacket nest and were stung over 20 times. K–9 Drago was taken to the veterinarian’s office to be checked out after the call, and he and Deputy Nix recovered and are back to work. Great job for everyone. The K–9 team locates burglar, recovers approximately $3,500 of stolen property: On the morning of Thursday, February 1, 2018, Marion County Sheriff’s Office deputies responded to Ernie’s Auction Center, located at 5305 South Pine, in reference to a burglary that just occurred. As employees were opening the business, it was observed that the front door had been forcibly entered and suspects were observed running through the inside of the business. Deputy Branden Donahue and his K– 9 partner, Tipster, and Deputy Nickolas Frost immediately tracked the suspect and located him within 30 minutes. During the track, two different locations were found where the suspects were stashing stolen items from the business. The stolen property, valued at $3,500, was recovered and returned to the businessowner. People just don’t realize the acute sense that these dogs have and why they are so valuable. Another story is about Deputy Brian Litz. On February 7, 2004, Deputy Brian Litz and another deputy responded to the Pine Run subdivision in reference to a wellbeing check on a 74yearold individual. When the deputies arrived at the house, the individual met them at the door with a handgun. Deputy Litz was attempting to pass under the front window of the home to get a better visual on the individual with the gun. Unknown to Deputy Litz, this person was watching from the window, and he then shot and killed Litz. Today, a statue in honor of Deputy Litz and his K–9 stands proudly in Florida’s capital. In a tragic twist, Deputy Litz’ call sign was Batman. Today, visitors of this statue at the Florida capital can find the Batman emblem on the bottom of his K–9’s foot. Just an amazing story and, again, a great example of the ability of these dogs and their success in helping out with people, whether it is the person in need, the lost individual, search and rescue, the drug dealer, and just people who want to do other people harm in domestic violence. I just want to briefly talk about dogs and handlers. The Putnam County Sheriff’s Office has five dogs: Aries, handled by Sergeant Randy Hayes; Judo, handled by Blaine Moody; Zeke, handled by Jerry Gentry; Halo, handled by Josue Garriga; and Putnam, named after the county, handled by Emmett Merritt. Bradford County Sheriff’s Office: Deputy Brandon Shoup and K–9 Grim. Ocala Police Department: Officer King and K–9 Zorba; Officer Burgos and K–9 Babbo; Officer Arnold and K–9 Senior. The Marion County Sheriff’s Office, again, yesterday, we had the privilege of going down and presenting all the working dogs and their handlers with our Congressional Challenge Coin. As you can see, that dog looks rather well the way he is wearing that. At the Marion County Sheriff’s Office, where we were yesterday, we got to have the demonstration on the catch dogs, or attack dogs, and we got a great demonstration. There are: Sergeant Daniel Trammell and K–9 Nitro; Deputy Alan Lee, who handles K–9 Zeus; Deputy Timothy Fretts with his dog, K–9 Robo; Deputy Colton Sullivan with his dog, K–9 Adelmo; Deputy Matt Bowers with K–9 Otow, which is named after a retirement village that donated the money for their dog; Deputy Jeremie Nix with his dog, K–9 Drago; Deputy Branden Donahue with his dog, K–9 Tipster; and as we just heard the story, Deputy Matt Hopper with K–9 Rambo. The Gainesville Police Department: Corporal Jeff Kerkau with his dog, K–9 Roo; Corporal Dylan HayesMorrison and his K–9 Ares; Officer Rob Rogers and K–9 Nero; Officer Ed Ratliff and his dog, K–9 Ace; Officer Josh Meurer and his dog, K–9 Ranger. And the Alachua County Sheriff’s Office: Deputy Sheriff Lloyd O’Quinn and K– 9 Eins. We just heard a story about them. A Malinois working in patrol, narcotics, and tracking. Deputy Sheriff Esau Bright and K–9 Deacon, a Malinois working in patrol, narcotics, and trafficking. That is what a lot of people don’t realize. These dogs are trained in multiple disciplines and just work their hearts out. Deputy Sheriff Mikell McKoy and his dog, K–9 Kaos, a Malinois working in patrol, narcotics, and trafficking. Deputy Sheriff Brian Ritter and his dog, K–9 Kolt, a Malinois working in patrol, narcotics, and trafficking. Deputy Sheriff Chris Griseck and his dog, K–9 Mack, a Malinois working in patrol, bombing, and tracking. Then there is Deputy Sheriff Bill Arnold and his dog, K–9 Wick, a Malinois working in patrol, narcotics, and trafficking. I think we are getting the point here of how valuable these dogs are. I would recommend to people, if you want to see the value and why we want to spend money and allow these dogs to be in our law enforcement, military, DEA, then watch demonstrations of these dogs and the acuteness of them. There is Deputy Sheriff Chris Drake and his dog, K–9 Rous, a Malinois working in patrol, bomb, and tracking. Sergeant Michael Hurlocker, who we heard the story of, and his K–9 partner, Havok, a Malinois working in patrol, bomb, and tracking. Deputy Sheriff Adam Diaz and his dog, K–9 Shiloh, a Labrador Retriever working with the Drug Task Force. Sergeant Bryan Jones and K–9 Jerry, a Malinois working with the Drug Task Force. And then there is Sergeant Nigel Lowe and K–9 Zoey, a mixed breed working narcotics detection in our schools; and K–9 Malzi, a Malinois just joining the sheriff’s office as a gun detection dog in our schools. It is interesting, after the Parkland shooting on February 14, we had a roundtable of law enforcement, county sheriffs, city police chiefs, superintendents, school resource officers, and one of the things that came out of there is how the resource officers in our schools act as a deterrent for a lot of the kids. They are there. They see a person of authority. One of the sheriffs brought up what I thought was a great suggestion that a lot of people also thought was a great suggestion, and that is a dog that can detect gunpowder in our schools. Let them tour the schools, let them show what the policemen can do beneficially to all of us. It is a shame that we are in a time in society where we have to worry about guns going off in school, but until we rectify the underlying cause of that, I think we need to do what we can to keep our schools safe so our kids feel safe going to school. I just want to end with this picture. Again, this is the Clay County Sheriff’s Office with their dog, Diesel, who proudly took our Congressional Challenge Coin. Mr. Speaker, I want to give a shout out to all the offices that participated and shared stories with us. We are proud of them. We are proud of their K– 9s. I don’t want to say we are more proud of the K–9s than we are of them, but we are proud of all of them for the work that they do to keep us safer as citizens of the Third Congressional District, but also around the country and around the world. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
STANDING UP FOR THE UNBORN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING) for 30 minutes. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to be recognized to address you here on the floor of the United States House of Representatives. I would say in defense of the K–9 Corps—and I appreciate the presentation delivered by Dr. Yoho and my great friend from Florida, who gets common sense right in this Congress— that I am a fan of the K–9 Corps. 
I am also a fan of the ‘‘benign corps.’’ And I want the ‘‘benign corps’’ to be thinking about what that means. It is not just a bingo game, but it is bingo for a cancer patient. So when you get the diagnosis of K–9 or benign, I am taking benign over K–9 because that is the thing that we celebrate more than anything else, is that lease on life, that if it goes 5 years, you are cancerfree. Benign cancerfree for 5 years, that gets the job done. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for standing up for the K–9 Corps, and I am now going to stand up for the ‘‘unborn corps.’’ Mr. Speaker, I came here to the floor to speak this evening about this Nation and about a nation that has granted to its Supreme Court—sometimes just because we weren’t paying attention or we didn’t have the confidence of our convictions—I suppose there was a time when Americans were no better informed on constitutional principles than we are today. Over 216 or so years, we have had this experience of accepting the idea of Marbury v. Madison, a Supreme Court decision that over time, with accumulated decision by decision rooted back in Marbury, that the Supreme Court of the United States was the final word on what the Constitution says. The Constitution doesn’t say to the Supreme Court that they have the final word. Instead, it is court precedence, case precedence, that laid the foundation in about 1802 that has been built upon ever since. The longer we accept the tradition of a Supreme Court decision being the final decision on what the Constitution says, the more deeply ingrained is the commitment to that decision and the less our Constitution itself means and the more the traditions of the acceptance of a decision of the Supreme Court means. So here we are today. Mr. Speaker, if people aren’t quite understanding what that means, I would describe it a bit of another way. There is a practice in this country called birthright citizenship. There is nothing in the Constitution that requires that a baby born in the United States is an automatic citizen. In fact, the 14th Amendment to the Constitution, ratified in 1868, says: ‘‘All persons born or naturalized in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States . . . . ‘’ Well, in postCivil War, they knew what they were doing. They didn’t think we would confuse it over the years the way we have, but they wanted to make sure that the babies born to the newly freed slaves as a result of the Emancipation Proclamation and the Civil War would be American citizens. They expected that those babies born to the former slaves would be full fledged citizens with all the rights of citizenship bestowed upon them as those created in the image of God, just like everyone else. But what happened was, even though the amendment was there that said all persons born in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof are American citizens, over time, in the latter part of the 19th century, they began to bestow citizenship on any baby born in the United States. And it wasn’t successfully challenged, neither is any case on point in all of the full history of the litigation that has taken place that has found its way to the Supreme Court. There is no onpoint precedent case that determines that the Constitution requires that a baby born in America be automatically an American citizen, but the practice has prevailed. The practice has prevailed along the way that a baby born on U.S. territory, with certain exceptions, is an American citizen, even though the Constitution doesn’t require it, because the ‘‘subject of the jurisdiction thereof’’ clause that is in there meant a number of things. First, that meant loyalty. Where is your allegiance. There were Native American Tribes— called Indian Tribes at the time and still today—that if the children born on that reservation were American citizens automatically, they were automatically removed from membership in the Tribe. So the folks who drafted the 14th Amendment wanted to exempt them. That is one of the reasons they inserted the clause, ‘‘subject to the jurisdiction thereof,’’ because the allegiance of those born on reservations wasn’t viewed to be equivalent to that of those born in the other territorial areas of the United States of America. Then, of course, they wanted to exempt the children born to ambassadors, the children born to diplomats, the children born to their staff. Could you imagine if there was an invading army and babies were born to the folks who followed along on that army, that they would be American citizens? No. They weren’t subject to the jurisdiction thereof. They didn’t owe their allegiance to the United States. It was clear they owe their allegiance to other foreign princes and potentates, to borrow a phrase from the naturalization oath. So the clause, ‘‘subject to the jurisdiction thereof,’’ exempted those who were not obligated to owe allegiance to the United States, but the practice persisted. It persisted to this day. In fact, some years ago, about a decade ago, we had hearings. In those hearings, the research, at least the testimony, said that somewhere between 340,000 and 750,000 babies were born in the United States where both parents, the mother and the father, were illegal, yet they have been bestowed an automatic citizenship. b2015 And it has created this birth tourism where, back during that testimony time—now the price has surely gone up—if there is a pregnant mother in China, she could buy a $30,000 ticket to fly into the United States, be smuggled into the United States, get her OB care, live in an apartment next to the hospital, deliver the baby, and have that little baby’s feet stamped on the birth certificate. And that little birth certificate made that baby an American citizen. Then they loaded the baby up and flew the mom and baby back to China, and 18 years later that baby could begin to petition to bring in the family reunification plan. That is how a practice gets started that hasn’t been successfully blocked because of litigation that would go to the Supreme Court with a decision made based upon justice. So this situation persists. Three quarters of a million babies a year, or more—I mean, the entire population of the Dreamers, every single year—born in America to illegal parents, granted automatic citizenship and the ability, once they reach of age, to begin the family reunification process and bring in the whole kit and caboodle of family into America and start them on a path to citizenship. What kind of nation would do that? A nation that is steeped in a precedent of habit—a bad habit—that persists in delivering a policy that is not constitutional but rooted in a murky understanding of what the Constitution actually says; I wouldn’t say a dishonest, but a misunderstanding of what the Constitution actually says. So that, Mr. Speaker, I think sets the foundation for the decisions on Roe v. Wade and Doe v. Bolton and Planned Parenthood v. Casey and a number of Supreme Court precedents that built us up to this situation that we have today. And I am speaking of abortion in America, abortion on demand in America, babies who have a chance to live outside the womb being killed because they are inconvenient. They may be, at the time, not wanted by the mother. We are seeing data that shows that a significant percentage of mothers who have abortions are coerced into that by the biological father who doesn’t want to carry that responsibility. And what is this based upon? Supreme Court precedents that are— looking back on it, how did they ever build to the position that we are in today? Back in the sixties, there was a case known as Griswold v. Connecticut. That case was one where a family in Connecticut, a husband and a wife—I don’t know if they were parents—wanted to be able to buy contraceptives. And because of the Catholic influence in Connecticut, they had outlawed contraceptives in Connecticut. So they went to the Supreme Court, the Griswolds, and said: We have a constitutional right to purchase contraceptives. It is not the business of the State legislature to tell us that we can’t purchase contraceptives. We want to take care of our own reproductive rights by managing our contraception. So the Supreme Court stuck their nose in what should have been a 
States’ rights issue and came down with a decision that created, manufactured out of emanations and penumbras—not even whole cloth, but the imagination that there was some cloth there to manufacture it out of—the right to privacy. The Supreme Court concluded that the right to privacy would guarantee the privacy for the Griswolds to be able to purchase contraceptives even though the State of Connecticut said it is against the interests of the people in the State of Connecticut that we control birth through contraceptives. That was their decision in Connecticut. If people wanted to vote with their feet, they could have left Connecticut. But, instead, the United States Supreme Court decided they had the power and the authority to manufacture a whole new right that doesn’t exist in the constitution, a right to privacy; and a right to privacy guaranteed the ability for the married couple to purchase contraceptives. Well, that was sometime in about the midsixties, and not very long after that the Eisenstadt case came up. It was this: An unmarried couple said: Why are we excluded? We have the same constitutional rights as the married couple has. If they have a right to purchase contraceptives because they have a right to privacy, unmarried people have also a right to privacy. So the Supreme Court decided: We had started down the slippery slope and had granted this right to privacy and a right to purchase contraceptives and keep the government out of the private lives, especially the reproductive lives, of people, consenting adults. How can we deny the unmarried couple the manufactured constitutional right that we have always granted to the Griswolds? So the Griswold case became the Eisenstadt case, and the nonmarried couples had the same rights as the married couples. Along came 1973. Two cases came before the Supreme Court: Roe v. Wade and Doe v. Bolton. Roe v. Wade took that concept of a right to privacy that was manufactured, not out of the Constitution, manufactured out of thin air—out of the emanations and penumbras, which means in the shadows of, where the text of the Constitution is—and they decided that a woman had a right to abortion, and it was an inherent right rooted in a right to privacy: You have a right to a contraceptive. You have a right to put an end to the life of that innocent, unborn baby under the same standards of privacy. Who gets to take the life of a baby, or a child, or a young adult, or a mature adult, or a senior adult? Who gets to do that by saying, It is only my business; I control that; it is my right to privacy? But the Supreme Court concluded exactly that. But they did say that it could only happen in the first trimester. But the simultaneous case that came down was Doe v. Bolton. And in the Doe v. Bolton case, they gave exceptions, Mr. Speaker, and said: Well, we are going to restrain this right to an abortion that we have created and manufactured in Roe v. Wade; but we really can’t say that if the woman has danger to her life, she shouldn’t be able to get an abortion. Sure. We will give her the right to abort her baby if it risks her life. How about if it risks her health? What if it damages her health? What if it affects her psychological health? What if her familial relationships are going to be upset if she doesn’t abort the baby? In other words, what if a young lady doesn’t have a husband and it would be disturbing to her family for her to have the baby? We want to give her the right to abort the baby because it would upset her familial health, her family life. And, of course, if it affects her economically and it affects her psychologically, it might affect her familial life as well. So if it affects her economics, her psyche, her physical health, risks her life, then abort the baby. She has a right for all that. So when you take them together— Roe v. Wade and Doe v. Bolton—it was abortion on demand, manufactured by the Supreme Court of the United States, Mr. Speaker, not written into the Constitution, but pulled out of the emanations and penumbras, the shadows of, that little shadow around the cloud out there that maybe we can’t see it because we are just laypeople with normal perceptive abilities. We might have the best eyesight. We could have 20/20 vision. Well, we could even have 20/20 rear vision to see what is going on, but the Court put on their black robes, they looked up at the sky and they decided: We know what is written in that place around the edges of the clouds in the emanations and penumbras. We know that it is there because we want it to be there. And we can’t read it exactly into the language in the Constitution, but we want it, we see it, and we are going to shape society around it. And they did. And they came down with the Roe v. Wade decision and the Doe v. Bolton decision the same day: January 22, 1973. Abortion on demand. And how many of us at that time knew what that would mean, Mr. Speaker? How many of us understood the devastating debacle that was served up to the American people? I remember those times. I remember those years. Marilyn and I were married in 1972. As we looked around at our friends, our contemporaries, there were young couples who were getting started and starting with their families at the time. We knew a decision came down, but we had no idea how bad it would be; and no one in 1973 would have predicted that, 45 years later, we would have experienced 60 million abortions in the United States of America, 60 million babies whose precious lives— perfect little babies, little babies created in God’s image. No one would have expected that there would be 60 million on the conscience of America. No one would have expected that we would hear the business community clamoring for labor saying: We don’t have enough people to go to work in America; we have to go to foreign countries and bring in millions of people to do this work. Nobody out here is even doing the math to say: What happens when 60 million babies are gone, ripped out of the generations over the last 45 years? What does that do to society? What does it do to our economy? What does it do to our mortality, the conscience, the guilt of America, the sins on the soul of the United States of America? What does it do to all that? But what does it do also to the next generation and the next generation? What about the guilt that is carried by the people who stepped in and took the advice of Planned Parenthood and decided it really isn’t a life and there aren’t any repercussions—I can be free of the burden of raising a child that I had not planned to raise and walk away and life will be fine again? What has happened to the people who bought into that story? What has happened to the—let’s just say—family force, the workforce of America? Sixty million babies ripped out of America, ripped out of the womb, ripped apart out of the womb, ripped out of America. Sixty million babies. Fortyfive years. Mr. Speaker, if you do a backofthe envelope calculation and you think, of those little girls who were aborted, many of them would be mothers again today, would be mothers by now—and I did a backoftheenvelope calculation, and I will say that I just figured that, if each little girl that had been aborted since 1973, in those years that they would be of reproductive age—and some of them wouldn’t be of that age yet; but if each of those who would be had had three babies, as Marilyn and I have had, that is another 60 million babies. Sixty million. So now the hole in our society is 60 million babies plus another 60 million babies: 120 million Americans. You could dial it down a little bit. You could say, well, they aren’t going to average 3. That is probably true. They could average maybe 2
1⁄2or a little better. If you take the 120 million and you dial that down a ways—I can tell you, Mr. Speaker, what the population of America was 100 years ago. Let’s pick the 1920 census. Mr. Speaker, 106 million Americans was the total population of the United States of America in the census of 1920, which comes up in a couple of years. It will be a century in a couple of years. 106 million Americans. That is how many we are missing today, all of that many babies, all of that many million developed adults, young people who would have lived, loved, learned, laughed, played, raised families of their own, gone to school and gotten educated, 
started businesses, created jobs, improved the quality of life of all of us, enriched our lives. The love that would flow from over 100 million babies growing up in America who were denied the right to life, the right to live, and were taken from this world before they ever had a chance to fill their own lungs with air and scream for their own mercy, that is the burden that America is carrying today. Mr. Speaker, when that day comes that abortion is over in America and we respect and we revere life again, as it once was and one day ever shall be, when we reach that point, that doesn’t mean that America is absolved from this sin on our Nation. What it really means is we can begin to put our pieces back together and build a history and a legacy of a love and a respect and a reverence for life. All life. Life from the moment of fertilization until natural death. b2030 By the way, that life, from moment of fertilization till natural death, is the mission statement of the National Right to Life. The National Right to Life’s mission statement—and I am not reading it; I am going from memory, so if I miss a word—says they are dedicated to protecting life from the beginning of life until natural death. I embrace that mission statement. I embrace that ideology and that philosophy that shaped that mission statement for the National Right to Life, the country’s oldest and largest pro life organization. But I did ask the question: How do they define the beginning of life? I looked down through their website, and it is defined from fertilization. Life begins at fertilization. That is the mission of National Right to Life, and we agree. I applaud that position, and I applaud the work that they have done over the last more than 45 years, because they formed themselves before Roe v. Wade, I believe, 1968. So they should be applauded for the work that they have done over the years. But National Right to Life is married to a concept of incrementalism; and when you read through the statements, the testimony that they have supported before various State legislatures, the positions that they have taken, Mr. Speaker, become—and as I have done, sat down and talked with their leadership and tried to convince their leadership to be stronger, more bold, the same answer came back from each one of them that I talked to at National Right to Life, and it is this: they are committed to doing what can be done around the edges. The Supreme Court has built a fence around what they call a right to abortion. There is no right to abortion. There is no constitutional right to abortion. It is manufactured, as I said earlier. But National Right to Life, the Nation’s oldest and largest prolife organization, has built a fence around the Supreme Court decisions, and they are working with incrementalism to try to get as close to that fence around the Supreme Court decisions as they can without being reversed by a decision of the Court. That is their strategic approach, and they have been granted a de facto veto power to any legislation that would come to the floor of the House of Representatives that doesn’t have their support. I said ‘‘de facto.’’ That is the net result of it. In fact, that is the result of it. So we have 170 cosponsors on the Heartbeat Protection Act, the piece of legislation that says, before a doctor can perform an abortion, commit an abortion, he must first check for a heartbeat, and if a heartbeat can be detected, the baby is protected. We know, if there is a beating heart, there is life. And if there is a beating heart and you go in and stop the beating of that heart, you have ended that life. The most innocent lives that there are are those unborn little babies; and if there is a heartbeat that can be detected, the baby must be protected. That is the bill. That is the Heartbeat Protection Act. But National Right to Life doesn’t support, and they say it this way, Mr. Speaker. National Right to Life, they say: National Right to Life does not oppose the Heartbeat bill—does not oppose—which is a little bit of semantics, Mr. Speaker. So I struck through the ‘‘does not oppose,’’ and I will put it there in exactly the same meaning: they do not support. If you are the National Right to Life and you are committed to protecting life from the moment of fertilization till natural death, how do you not step up to support the Heartbeat bill that protects babies? From the moment a heartbeat can be detected, the baby is protected. The rationale is: our strategy is not here on Heartbeat; their strategy is try not to ever challenge the Supreme Court of the United States. So how can we have the Nation’s oldest and largest prolife organization that is entrenched in a philosophy and a legislative strategy that says that they are never going to challenge the Supreme Court of the United States? If you are not going to challenge the Supreme Court of the United States, then it is on your head and on the conscience of anybody, not just National Right to Life, but anybody who says: I am not willing to challenge the Supreme Court of the United States; I am not willing to challenge Roe v. Wade, Doe v. Bolton, or Planned Parenthood v. Casey. Then you are de facto accepting the idea that there will be—no, accepting the actual reality of a million abortions a year, as far as the eye can see. This language here that says the National Right to Life does not oppose the Heartbeat bill, I say they do not support the Heartbeat bill. Both statements are true, but opposing challenging the Supreme Court decisions of Roe v. Wade and Doe v. Bolton guarantees a million abortions a year as far as the eye can see over the horizon of history and out of sight, a million a year. We have seen 60 million abortions in the United States of America in the last 45 years. This ratio that we are on today, if the population doesn’t grow and if the ratio stays the same, and it sure looks to, unless we do something, we are looking at a million a year and, 45 years from now, another 45 million abortions. In another 15 years, we are back another 60 million, and then it is 120 million babies, and we know how that works. Then those babies not born to the mothers who would have been giving birth to them, you can double the number again. But already we are missing the entire population of the United States of America of 100 years ago as a result of the abortions since 1973. This Nation must step up to the moral principle that every human life is sacred. They are sacred in all of their forms. In fact, Governor Bob Casey, Democratic Governor of Pennsylvania, since passed away, God rest his soul, said: ‘‘Human life cannot be measured. It is the measure, itself, against which all other things are weighed.’’ Well, I am prepared and at least 170 House Members are prepared to go to the Supreme Court again if challenged. Pass the Heartbeat bill out of the House. Pass it out of the Senate. Send it to the President’s desk. The President will sign it. The other side, the proabortion people, will litigate it, and it will end up in the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court needs to decide are they going to reflect and honor life. The 14th Amendment requires that we protect life, life over liberty; and, in fact, there are prioritized rights of life, liberty, and property in the 14th Amendment. In the Declaration of Independence, it is life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, but always life is number one, Mr. Speaker. Life is always number one. This country must step up and defend human life. And I want to, from the floor of this Congress tonight, put a shoutout out in congratulations to the Iowa Senate, who moved a very similar Heartbeat bill by a vote of 30–20, passed it off the floor of the Iowa Senate with a 24minute debate was all the longer it took, 24 minutes, and a 30–20 bipartisan vote came off the floor and got messaged over to the Iowa House of Representatives. There they are in serious deliberations today. I don’t know the results of those discussions. I left there last night with optimism that the Heartbeat bill in Iowa would come to the floor there soon, perhaps as early as next week. And should it pass, then it is likely to go to the Governor’s desk. 
I do not have her public statement, but I will just say that I have confidence that Governor Reynolds will sign the Heartbeat bill if it gets to her desk. She is a solid, principled, clear thinking leader who is also prolife, Mr. Speaker. So we are doing the things that we can do to protect the lives that we can protect, but it is not good enough to play a perpetual strategy of incrementalism. Incrementalism of a little bit here, a little bit there, try this, try that, what has it done for us? It has saved a few lives, it really has, and every life is precious and worth saving, but it is not good enough. It is not good enough to accept the idea that we are going to see a million babies aborted in America every year as far as the eye can see. So that is why the House of Representatives needs to get the Heartbeat bill to the floor where I believe the votes are there for it to pass. National Right to Life needs to lead, follow, or get out of the way. Right now, the number one entity in the entire United States of America that is holding the Heartbeat bill off the floor of the House of Representatives is right here, the Nation’s number one prolife organization, the National Right to Life. Justice Kennedy has announced—it is announced, at least, and not by Justice Kennedy yet, that he is likely to retire midsummer. We will have a prolife Court by September, and it is time to move now. That is my message, Mr. Speaker, and I ask all of us to stand up and protect innocent, unborn human life, and let’s start to cleanse, again, the soul of America. I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today through March 16. Mr. DEFAZIO (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of flight delay. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 41 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, March 14, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4219. A letter from the Acting Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Federal Grain Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Fees for Official Inspection and Official Weighing Services Under the United States Grain Standards Act (USGSA) received February 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4220. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter authorizing three officers to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4221. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s March 2018 Chemical Demilitarization Program SemiAnnual Report to Congress, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1521(j); Public Law 99145, Sec. 1412 (as amended by Public Law 112239, Sec. 1421(a)); (126 Stat. 204); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4222. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Admiral Michael S. Rogers, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of admiral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96 513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104 106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4223. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Sean B. MacFarland, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4224. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, transmitting a report on the Defense Production Act (DPA) Title III Fund for Fiscal Year 2017, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 4534(f)(3); Sept. 8, 1950, ch. 932, title III, Sec. 304 (as added by Public Law 11167, Sec. 7); (123 Stat. 2017); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4225. A letter from the Secretary, Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s interpretation — Updates to Commission Guidance Regarding Accounting for Sales of Vaccines and Bioterror Countermeasures to the Federal Government for Placement into the Pediatric Vaccine Stockpile or the Strategic National Stockpile [Release Nos.: 3310403; 3481429; IC32785] received March 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4226. A letter from the Director, Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting the Office’s report on discretionary appropriations legislation within seven calendar days of enactment, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 901(a)(7)(B); Public Law 99177, Sec. 251(a)(7)(B) (as amended by Public Law 114113, Sec. 1003); (129 Stat. 3035); to the Committee on the Budget. 4227. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for the Division of Regulatory Services, Office of General Counsel, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s final priorities and definitions — Secretary’s Final Supplemental Priorities and Definitions for Discretionary Grant Programs [Docket ID: ED2017OS0078] (RIN: 1894 AA09) received March 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 4228. A letter from the Associate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Connect America Fund [WC Docket No.: 1090]; ETC Annual Reports and Certifications [WC Docket No.: 1458]; Rural Broadband Experiments [WC Docket No.: 14259]; Connect America Fund Phase II Auction [AU Docket No.: 17182] received March 8, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4229. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Electric Storage Participation in Markets Operated by Regional Transmission Organizations and Independent System Operators [Docket Nos.: RM1623000; AD1620000] March 8, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4230. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Essential Reliability Services and the Evolving BulkPower SystemPrimary Frequency Response [Docket No.: RM166000; Order No.: 842] received March 8, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4231. A letter from the Secretary, Department of the Treasury, transmitting a six month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to significant malicious cyberenabled activities that was declared in Executive Order 13694 of April 1, 2015, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4232. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting notification that the national emergency with respect to Iran, originally declared on March 15, 1995, by Executive Order 12957 is to continue in effect beyond March 15, 2018, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1622(d); Public Law 94412, Sec. 202(d); (90 Stat. 1257) (H. Doc. No. 115— 101); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 4233. A letter from the Assistant Legal Adviser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting reports concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixtyday period specified in the CaseZablocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Public Law 92403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Public Law 108458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4234. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 1802, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4235. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 1779, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4236. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report on data mining activity in the Department of State for calendar year 2017, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 2000ee3(c)(1); Public Law 11053, Sec. 804(c)(1); (121 Stat. 363); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4237. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, 
transmitting a determination for a drawdown under section 506(a)(2) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, to provide muchneeded assistance to Iraq through USACE and their work at the Mosul Dam; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4238. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a notification of an action on nomination, and discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4239. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel for Operations, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting a notification of a nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4240. A letter from the Executive Secretary, U.S. Office of Personnel Management, transmitting three (3) notifications on a notification of a federal vacancy, designation of acting officer, nomination, and action on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4241. A letter from the Senior Regulatory Analyst, Office of Policy, Regulation and Analysis, Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Oil and Gas and Sulfur Operations in the Outer Continental ShelfCivil Penalties Inflation Adjustments [Docket No.: BOEM20170079; MMAA104000] (RIN: 1010AD99) received March 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 4242. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA 20180024; Product Identifier 2018NM002AD; Amendment 3919171; AD 20180218] (RIN: 2120AA64) received March 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4243. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA 20170707; Product Identifier 2016NM014AD; Amendment 3919185; AD 20180312] (RIN: 2120AA64) received March 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4244. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA 20180076; Product Identifier 2013NM227AD; Amendment 3919194; AD 20180321] (RIN: 2120AA64) received March 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4245. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Textron Aviation Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20180068; Product Identifier 2017CE049AD; Amendment 3919176; AD 20180303] (RIN: 2120AA64) received March 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4246. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Various Aircraft Equipped With BRP Rotax GmbH & Co KG 912 A Series Engine [Docket No.: FAA20171078; Product Identifier 2017CE038AD; Amendment 3919178; AD 20180305] received March 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4247. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Miscellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31178; Amdt. No.: 3786] received March 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4248. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Miscellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31177; Amdt. No.: 3785] received March 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4249. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment of Multiple Air Traffic Service (ATS) Routes; North Central United States [Docket No.: FAA2017 1082; Airspace Docket No.: 17AGL22] received March 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4250. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and E Airspace for the following Missouri Towns; Cape Girardeau, MO; St. Louis, MO; and Macon, MO [Docket No.: FAA20169559; Airspace Docket No.: 16ACE11] received March 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4251. A letter from the Management Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revocation of Class E Airspace; Pulaski, WI [Docket No.: FAA20170818; Airspace Docket No.: 17AGL19] received March 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4252. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the report to Congress ‘‘Administering Section 113 of the Preventing Sex Trafficking and Strengthening Families Act’’, pursuant to Public Law 113183, Sec. 113(e); (128 Stat. 1929); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4253. A letter from the United States Trade Representative, Executive Office of the President, transmitting the 2018 Trade Policy Agenda and the 2017 Annual Report on the Trade Agreements Program as Prepared by the Administration, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 2213(c); Public Law 93618, Sec. 163(c) (as amended by Public Law 100418, Sec. 1641); (102 Stat. 1271); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4254. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final regulations and removal of temporary regulations — Health Insurance Providers Fee [TD 9830] (RIN: 1545BM52) received March 1, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4255. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Presence of Certain Individuals in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or the United States Virgin Islands Under Section 937(a) Following Hurricane Irma or Hurricane Maria [Notice 201819] received March 1, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4256. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the report to Congress, entitled ‘‘The Medicare Secondary Payer Commercial Repayment Center in Fiscal Year 2017’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1395ddd(h)(8); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title XVIII, Sec. 1893(h)(8) (as amended by Public Law 109432, Sec. 302(a)); (120 Stat. 2992); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 4293. A bill to reform the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review process, the DoddFrank Act Stress Test process, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–593). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 1093. A bill to require the Federal Railroad Administration and the Federal Transit Authority to provide appropriate Congressional notice of safety audits conducted with respect to railroads and rail transit agencies; with amendments (Rept. 115–594). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BUCK: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 773. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4545) to amend the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 to improve the examination of depository institutions, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1116) to require the Federal financial institutions regulatory agencies to take risk profiles and business models of institutions into account when taking regulatory actions, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4263) to amend the Securities Act of 1933 with respect to small company capital formation, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–595). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. PAULSEN: Joint Economic Committee. Report of the Joint Economic Committee on the 2018 Economic Report of the President (Rept. 115–596). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself, Mr. BIGGS, Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. B ARR, Mr. 
BARTON , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. BUCHANAN , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. BURGESS , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. CRAMER , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. DUNN, Mr. F ASO, Mr. H ILL, Mr. GALLAGHER , Mrs. H ANDEL , Mrs. HARTZLER , Mr. I SSA, Mr. L EWIS of Minnesota, Mr. BUCK, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. MARSHALL , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. MESSER , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. YOHO, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. Y ODER , Mr. HARPER , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, and Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER ): H.R. 5247. A bill to authorize the use of eligible investigational drugs by eligible patients who have been diagnosed with a stage of a disease or condition in which there is reasonable likelihood that death will occur within a matter of months, or with another eligible illness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WEBSTER of Florida (for himself, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. POSEY , Mr. J ONES , Mr. C LAY, Mr. SOTO, and Mr. B ILIRAKIS ): H.R. 5248. A bill to amend and enhance the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act to improve the conservation of sharks; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FASO (for himself, Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. TAKANO , and Mr. R UPPERSBERGER ): H.R. 5249. A bill to require the Secretary of Agriculture to submit a report to the Commissioner of Food and Drugs on the use of a Federal standard of identity for olive oil, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FASO (for himself and Mr. WELCH ): H.R. 5250. A bill to reauthorize the Rural Economic Area Partnership Zones Program through fiscal year 2023; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Ms. TITUS: H.R. 5251. A bill to make demonstration grants to eligible local educational agencies or consortia of eligible local educational agencies for the purpose of increasing the numbers of school nurses in public elementary schools and secondary schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. B URGESS, Mr. U PTON , and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan): H.R. 5252. A bill to amend title 36, United States Code, to authorize a grant to protect young athletes from abuse, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. FARENTHOLD (for himself and Mr. CARTWRIGHT ): H.R. 5253. A bill to amend section 552(h) of title 5, United States Code, to require agencies provide records to the Director of the Office of Government Information Services; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 5254. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study on the feasibility of expanding eligibility for enrollment in Medicare Advantage plans to individuals enrolled under the Medicaid program or enrolled under a group health plan; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 5255. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish a Department of Homeland Security Reserve Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. CRAWFORD (for himself and Ms. NORTON ): H.R. 5256. A bill to direct the Attorney General to acquire data, for each calendar year, about sexual offenses, including rape, that occur aboard any mode of transportation over which the Federal government exercises jurisdiction; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. DEMINGS (for herself and Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi): H.R. 5257. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to prohibit the expenditure of certain grant funds to purchase firearms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 5258. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand eligibility to receive refundable tax credits for coverage under a qualified health plan; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. EMMER (for himself, Mr. KATKO , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. POCAN , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. FASO, and Mr. N OLAN ): H.R. 5259. A bill to amend the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 to reauthorize the farm and ranch stress assistance network, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana: H.R. 5260. A bill to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out demonstration projects relating to advanced nuclear reactor technologies to support domestic energy needs; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio (for himself and Mr. TONKO ): H.R. 5261. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for regional centers of excellence in substance use disorder education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself and Mr. KING of New York): H.R. 5262. A bill to redesignate the Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area as the Maurice D. Hinchey Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself and Mr. KING of New York): H.R. 5263. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 40 Fulton Street in Middletown, New York, as the ‘‘Benjamin A. Gilman Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. MCEACHIN (for himself, Mr. HUFFMAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN ): H.R. 5264. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior, in consultation with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, provide grants to States to facilitate the acquisition of land, water, and interests therein, made to substantially improve, preserve, or maintain water quality for an area in perpetuity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5265. A bill to amend the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 to eliminate the applicability of such Act to the District of Columbia; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROSS (for himself, Ms. SINEMA , Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mrs. WAGNER ): H.R. 5266. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to make the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection an independent Financial Product Safety Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Ms. JUDYCHUof California): H.R. 5267. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to clarify the process for denying, revoking, or suspending a registration to manufacture, distribute, or dispense a controlled substance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself and Mr. POCAN ): H. Con. Res. 114. Concurrent resolution recognizing the contributions of the public elementary schools and secondary schools in the United States as an investment in our country’s future and expresses the position of Congress that public funds should be spent to strengthen public elementary and secondary schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. EVANS (for himself and Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania): H. Res. 771. A resolution honoring and recognizing the 40th anniversary of Cheyney University’s historic, momentous, and epic 1978 NCAA Division II Basketball Championship win; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ROKITA (for himself and Mr. GOHMERT ): H. Res. 772. A resolution condemning Louis Farrakhan for promoting ideas that create animosity and anger toward Jewish Americans and the Jewish religion; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DENHAM (for himself, Mr. UPTON , Miss G ONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. AMODEI , Mr. B ARTON, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. V ALADAO , Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Mr. D ONOVAN, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. B ACON , Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. MAST, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. KNIGHT , Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. K ATKO ): H. Res. 774. A resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4760) to amend the immigration laws and the homeland security laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. LAWSON of Florida (for himself, Mr. RUTHERFORD , Mr. M AST, Mr. DIAZBALART , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. BILIRAKIS , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. S OTO, Mr. GAETZ , and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida): H. Res. 775. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the week of March 11, 2018, through March 17, 2018, as National Women Veterans Recognition Week; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. NORCROSS: H. Res. 776. A resolution expressing support for designation of the first Saturday in October as ‘‘National Animal Rescue Day’’ to create awareness of the importance of adoption, educate on the importance of spaying and neutering animals, and the encouragement of animal adoptions throughout the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. NEAL, and Mr. M CGOVERN ): H. Res. 777. A resolution strongly reaffirming support for the Good Friday Agreement, urging the British and Irish Governments to vigorously implement certain aspects of the Agreement, and urging the Secretary of State to appoint a Special Envoy for Northern Ireland and to continue to promote full implementation of the Agreement; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. TENNEY (for herself, Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. FASO, and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York): H. Res. 778. A resolution honoring Erin Hamlin of Remsen, New York, for proudly representing the United States in four consecutive Winter Olympic Games; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK: H.R. 5247. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. WEBSTER of Florida: H.R. 5248. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. FASO: H.R. 5249. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution [Page H132] By Mr. FASO: H.R. 5250. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution [Page H132] By Ms. TITUS: H.R. 5251. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 5252. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution which states that Congress has the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. FARENTHOLD: H.R. 5253. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 5254. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 5255. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. By Mr. CRAWFORD: H.R. 5256. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the enumerated powers listed in Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mrs. DEMINGS: H.R. 5257. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 5258. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. EMMER: H.R. 5259. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana: H.R. 5260. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S.C. Art. I, Sec. 8 Cl. 18 By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: H.R. 5261. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5262. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Art. I, Sec. 8 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5263. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Art. I, Sec. 8 By Mr. MCEACHIN: H.R. 5264. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5265. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 5266. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 5267. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power To...make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 291: Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 394: Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 502: Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 592: Mr. GARRETT , Ms. W ILSON of Flor ida, Mr. PAYNE , Mr. G IANFORTE , Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland, and Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 785: Mr. LABRADOR and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 824: Mr. JONES . H.R. 845: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 846: Mr. BUCSHON and Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 911: Mr. POSEY , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. C UMMINGS , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 959: Ms. CLARKE of New York and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 1017: Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 1057: Mr. SCHRADER , Mr. B EYER , Mr. RICHMOND , and Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 1102: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 1243: Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mr. T IPTON , and Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 1267: Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. GOHMERT , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 1291: Mr. DOGGETT , Ms. M ENG, Mrs. DINGELL , and Mr. G OMEZ . H.R. 1444: Mr. MOULTON and Mr. B RADY of Texas. H.R. 1612: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1617: Mr. GIANFORTE , Mr. A MODEI , and Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. H.R. 1663: Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 1666: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 1772: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 1828: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 1832: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 1850: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 1876: Mr. GIBBS, Mr. D UNCAN of Ten nessee, Mr. CRAWFORD , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, and Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 1889: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 1903: Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 1928: Mr. RUSSELL and Ms. J AYAPAL . H.R. 1953: Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 2004: Mr. BUCSHON . H.R. 2050: Mr. MOULTON and Mr. R YAN of Ohio. H.R. 2077: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 2212: Mr. CULBERSON and Mr. D OGGETT . H.R. 2225: Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 2285: Mr. GUTHRIE . H.R. 2290: Ms. BASSand Mr. M ARINO . H.R. 2293: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. H.R. 2315: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California and Ms. CHENEY . H.R. 2322: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 2589: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 2598: Mr. LANCE . H.R. 2599: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 2633: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 2652: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 2740: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey and Mr. WALDEN . 
H.R. 2829: Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 2856: Mr. BANKS of Indiana and Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 2913: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 2943: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3011: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 3107: Mr. KHANNA and Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD . H.R. 3197: Mr. CRIST, Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 3265: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 3272: Mr. WALZ, Mr. W ELCH , Mrs. M URPHYof Florida, and Mr. E SPAILLAT . H.R. 3415: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 3528: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. F LORES, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. J ENKINS of Kan sas, Mr. PAYNE , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 3605: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 3642: Mr. BUCSHON , Mr. H UIZENGA , and Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 3654: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 3738: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 3742: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 3751: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 3767: Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 3871: Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 3894: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 3913: Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 3940: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 3941: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 3976: Mr. BANKS of Indiana, Mr. B IGGS, and Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 3994: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 3996: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 4024: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 4083: Mr. KIND. H.R. 4099: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. ROSS, Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. S HERMAN, and Mr. K IND. H.R. 4192: Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. L YNCH , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 4223: Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor ida, Mr. POCAN , Mr. M AST, Mr. M ITCHELL , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. S IRES, and Ms. R OS LEHTINEN . H.R. 4229: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 4253: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 4256: Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. MAST, Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. QUIGLEY , and Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 4265: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 4275: Mr. ROUZER and Mrs. H ANDEL . H.R. 4277: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 4308: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 4369: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 4392: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 4421: Mr. SIRES and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 4426: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 4444: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 4473: Mr. JONES . H.R. 4493: Mr. MCKINLEY and Mr. S MUCKER . H.R. 4548: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 4575: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 4604: Mr. MITCHELL and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 4608: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 4635: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H.R. 4655: Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 4668: Mr. KING of Iowa, Mrs. RADEWAGEN , Miss G ONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. NORMAN , Mr. C URTIS , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. LAWSON of Florida, and Mr. EVANS . H.R. 4681: Mr. BUCSHON . H.R. 4706: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 4719: Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 4720: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 4743: Mr. LAWSON of Florida. H.R. 4744: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, and Mr. KINZINGER . H.R. 4760: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 4811: Mr. OLSON and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 4828: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4843: Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. WEBSTER of Florida, and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 4846: Mr. POLIS, Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali fornia, and Ms. BARRAGA ´N. H.R. 4886: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4888: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 4897: Ms. DELBENE, Mr. S OTO, and Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 4909: Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. OLSON , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. WALDEN , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. R OSKAM , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. DONOVAN , and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 4912: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4932: Mr. CASTRO of Texas. H.R. 4953: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4954: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, and Mr. P OLIQUIN . H.R. 4958: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 4967: Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 4983: Mr. WALKER . H.R. 5038: Mr. HARPER , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. JONES , Mr. B ACON , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. C LAY, Ms. GABBARD , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. SCHRADER , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. TAKANO , Mr. C OLE, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. P ANETTA , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. WOMACK , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. K IND, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. STIVERS , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. C OOPER, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. B ANKS of Indi ana, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. KINGof Iowa, and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 5041: Mrs. HANDEL . H.R. 5057: Ms. JACKSON LEEand Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 5083: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 5085: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 5102: Mr. NEAL. H.R. 5103: Mr. RASKIN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Ms. LEE. H.R. 5123: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 5127: Mr. CORREA . H.R. 5135: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 5150: Mr. BLUMENAUER and Ms. J ACKSONLEE. H.R. 5162: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 5163: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 5164: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 5167: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 5171: Mr. SIMPSON . H.R. 5173: Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. SIRES, Mr. N EAL, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. DOGGETT , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Ms. TITUS. H.R. 5180: Mr. SERRANO and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 5185: Mr. HUDSON . H.R. 5187: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 5192: Mr. ROYCE of California, Mr. MESSER , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. H IMES, and Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 5199: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 5223: Mr. SERRANO and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 5244: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.J. Res. 12: Mr. WESTERMAN and Mr. GROTHMAN . H.J. Res. 33: Mr. SOTOand Mr. D EFAZIO. H.J. Res. 102: Mr. KHANNA . H.J. Res. 129: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. AGUILAR , and Mr. R ICHMOND . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. WALKER . H. Con. Res. 41: Mr. KHANNA . H. Con. Res. 109: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN and Mrs. DEMINGS . H. Res. 188: Mr. LOUDERMILK . H. Res. 401: Mr. PASCRELL . H. Res. 529: Mr. KHANNA . H. Res. 556: Mr. KHANNA . H. Res. 686: Mr. HECK, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. SA´NCHEZ , and Mr. T AKANO . H. Res. 763: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. TURNER . H. Res. 768: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. CARBAJAL , and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. H. Res. 770: Mr. O’ROURKE . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benifits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Representative MAXINE WATERS (CA) or a designee to H.R. 4545, the Financial Institutions Examinations Fairness and Reform Act, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 60: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . H.J. Res. 50: Mr. SCHWEIKERT . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1645 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MARCH 13, 2018 No. 44 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable BEN SASSE, a Senator from the State of Nebraska. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, we seek Your blessings this day for our lawmakers. You know their hearts, their motives, and their needs. Lord, provide for their needs out of the abundance of Your riches in glory. Remind them that unless You provide Your guidance, they labor in vain. So guide them in what they propose to accomplish so that they will reap a bountiful harvest. Hold them with Your mighty hand until doubts and fears subside. We pray in Your wonderful Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 