Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Chance Boster for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Chance Boster is a student at Drake Middle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Chance Boster is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Chance Boster for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplishments. 
CONGRATULATING THE SEVEN LAKES HIGH SCHOOL QUIZ BOWL TEAM 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Seven Lakes High School Quiz Bowl team for being ranked in the top 100 quiz bowl teams in the world by the High School Quiz Bowl Rankings. Quiz Bowl is an academic competition where school teams compete by answering questions about a wide range of academic subjects including science, literature, history, mathematics and social science. The Seven Lakes team of Zach Whang, Son Jadhav, George Li and Mohammad Dhillon was ranked 67th in the midseason rankings announced in January. They are coached by Kirsten Hampshire. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to the Seven Lakes High School Quiz Bowl team. We look forward to their continued successes. Go Spartans. 
RECOGNIZING THE GRADUATION OF THE FAIRFAX COUNTY FIRE AND RESCUE DEPARTMENT 142ND RECRUIT CLASS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department and the graduates of the 142nd Recruit Class. As they prepare to join the ranks of the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department, I encourage the 33 graduates to reflect on the history of the department and the contributions and dedication of the brave men and women who have served before them to protect our community. The Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department’s Recruit School consists of an extensive and demanding 24week program. In addition to two weeks of orientation, recruits completed seven weeks of EMT training and fifteen weeks of fire suppression training. Upon graduation, these recruits will be certified at the level of Firefighter I/II by the Virginia Department of Fire Programs. These recruits have the distinct honor of joining one of the best Fire and Rescue Departments in the United States. The efforts of the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department have been recognized across this country. Members from the Department serve on the elite VA Task Force 1, which is among the first units called to disaster zones to provide search and rescue support. Members of that Task Force were recognized by the International Association of Fire Chiefs with the Benjamin Franklin Award for Valor as a result of their efforts in the aftermath of the devastating earthquakes that struck Nepal in 2015. Recently, they have seen extensive work in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands as part of disaster relief efforts in the aftermaths of Hurricanes Harvey and Maria. Fairfax County is fortunate to have such excellent ambassadors for our community, and I commend them for all that they have done. As the newest members of the Fire and Rescue Department, the 142nd Recruit Class graduates join the department as integral parts of our community’s emergency response and public safety team. I am confident that this graduating class will serve the residents of Fairfax County with honor and distinction. It is my great honor to include in the RECORD the names of the 142nd Recruit Class. Evan B. Bache, Trina Y. Beall, David C. Breslin, James M. Brittenham, David A. Brown, Julian N. Butler, Manuel J. Castellon, Jesus E. Castro, Stephen M. Ching, Andrew M. Cruikshank, Nathan J. Decker, Muhammad I. Dizicheh, Joshua J. Dyer, Justin L. Dyer, Rosanna S. Forsyth, Brandon V. Harris, Kenneth G. Howard. John J. Jones, Kyle R. Knox, Won K. Noh, Alexander M. Omar, Alan Pai, Christopher R. Payne, Mario J. Pineda, Andrew Rozewicz, Nicholas M. Schaff, Dreanna W. Salang, Nicholas J. Stricklen, Timothy J. Sweeney, Bryan P. Thomas, Tavia L. Turner, Patrick D. Von Bank, Donovan T. Withrow. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the newest members of the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department. I thank them for their service to their community and to all members of the Fire and Rescue Department, past and present, I say: ‘‘Stay safe.’’ DEVEN CESPEDESROSES HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Deven CespedesRoses for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Deven CespedesRoses is a student at Arvada K–8 and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Deven CespedesRoses is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Deven CespedesRoses for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplishments. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Susan Eakle and her commitment to public school education. Ms. Eakle is retiring after 42 years of service in public education at Pope Valley Union Elementary School in Pope Valley, California. Ms. Eakle was born in San Francisco, California and grew up in Mill Valley and St. Helena, California. She earned a Bachelor of Arts in Spanish and a multiplesubject teaching credential with a specialization in bilingual education at the University of California, Davis. She also received a Master of Arts in Educational Administration and an administration services credential from Sonoma State University. After graduating from college she lived in Yountville, California until she moved to Pope Valley in 1983. At Pope Valley Union Elementary School, Ms. Eakle has taught combinations of kindergarten and first and second grades and has been the Principal and Superintendent. She currently teaches transitional kindergarten and first and second grades. Ms. Eakle is a natural educator who encourages her students to continue learning after they leave her classroom and inspires them with her love of reading and appreciation for knowledge. She is also active in the Pope Valley Scholarship Fund and has been a member of the California Teachers Association and National Education Association. In addition to her work in education, Ms. Eakle is active in our community in other 
ways. She was a Board Member of the Northern California Coastal Region of the American Red Cross and served on their Disaster Action Team. She has been a project leader in 4–H and a volunteer for liturgies at St. Helena Catholic Church. . Mr. Speaker, Ms. Eakle is a passionate educator who is dearly loved by her students, her colleagues and our community. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor Susan Eakle here today. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Pearland High School freshman Kendall Jackson on qualifying for the Class 6A state girls golf tournament. In two rounds, Kendall shot an impressive 76 and 77 and set a new school record. She is the first Lady Oiler golfer to ever qualify for the state tournament. We know she will represent Pearland well at the state level. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Kendall Jackson. We look forward to her continued successes. Go Oilers. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Tyler Charles for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Tyler Charles is a student at Arvada High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Tyler Charles is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Tyler Charles for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplishments. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the career of Mr. Tony Coroalles who is retiring on May 31, 2018. Tony’s 15 years of service establishes him as the longest serving City Manager in the history of the City of Calabasas in Los Angeles County. Tony was born in Havana, Cuba in 1952 and immigrated with his family to San Francisco when he was young. Tony grew up in San Francisco and received his bachelor’s degree in biology from the University of San Francisco. In 1974, Tony enlisted in the United States Army and after 27 years of service earned the rank of Colonel before he retired from the military in 2001. When Tony was selected as the City Manager of the City of Calabasas, he described his experience in the Army as instrumental in preparing him for the job. Tony once stated about his military service, ‘‘I ran all the Army bases in Alaska—I was essentially the city manager for the Army in Alaska. I did that for a little over two years . . . Before that, I had done the same thing in a smaller installation . . . I had two tours in the Army in city management.’’ After Tony’s retirement from the military in 2001, he worked as the Assistant General Manager for the Department of Recreation and Parks in Los Angeles. Tony managed all of the parks and open spaces in the city of Los Angeles as well as the 1,200 fulltime employees and 4,000 parttime employees of the department. When Tony was hired as the City Manager of the city of Calabasas, then Mayor James Bozajian said that the city council chose Tony not only for his experience, but for his ‘‘ideas and his sense of direction’’ for the city of Calabasas. Focusing on delivering quality services to the city’s residents, Tony oversaw the installation of a new ‘smart’ irrigation system which saves money by actively responding to weather conditions, as well as the construction of separate senior and civic centers. These new structures and systems, along with improving the city’s roadways and streetscapes, has not only improved service delivery in the Calabasas community, but brought it closer together. Tony and his wife Patty will be moving to Lake Oconee, Georgia to be closer to members of their family. I would like to thank Tony for everything he has contributed over the course of his career with the city of Calabasas. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 93 Veterans from West Texas who will be visiting Washington, D.C. this week, sponsored by the Permian Basin Honor Flight. On behalf of a grateful state and nation, we welcome these heroes to the Nation’s Capital. The Veteran on this Honor Flight are: Clinton Adams, Robert Allen, Audie Baker, Jaromir Bechyne, Paul Becker, Billy Brown, Floyd Burks, Billy Busby, Mario Castillo, Randal Chance, Floyd Chaney, Thomas Chapman, Walter Chorney, Walter Clarkson Jr., Charles Cotton, Walker Dunn, Jeffrey Durgin, Louis Fathree Jr., Jerry Flippin, Gilbert Flores, George Friday Jr., Richard Galloway, Wade Gamblin, Joseph Gassie, Johnny Griffis, Jesus Haro, Eddie Hatch, Pedro Hinojos, Herman Hooper, Joe Jackson, Fredrick Johnson, David Jones, Gene Jones, Velton Jones, Ralph Kennedy, Alfred Knapp, Clayton Kuhlmann, Conrad Lee, Walter Lewallen, Jerry Lewis, Terry Lowe, William Martin, Gary McGowan, William McKnight, Douglas Miller, Ricardo Molina, D. Moore III, Ramon Mota, Chritiaan Niessing Jr., Hector Olivias, Terry Penkert, James Poague II, Fredrico Ramierez, Andres Rios Jr., Gonzalo San Miguel Jr., Donald Satterfield, Robert Schoff Jr., Carl Selinger, Dennis Sever, Paul Singleterry, Floyd Smith, Tommy Smith, Albert Stanford, Jesus Tarin Jr., Michael Tarpley, William Taylor, James Washburn, Mark Webb, James Witcher Jr., Harold Wynne, William Young, Pablo Carrasco, Jimmy Boggs, Roy Proctor, Jerome Suriff, Bobby Welborn. Mr. Speaker, I am humbled to have the opportunity to meet these brave men and women who exemplify the best of our country. Their sacrifice and commitment to the duty to our nation can never be fully repaid, and I hope that when they visit our nation’s monuments in Washington, D.C., the gratitude and respect we have for them will truly be reflected. Colleagues, please join me in thanking these veterans and their families for their exemplary dedication and service to this great nation. I would also like to extend a special thank you to the local communities, all of the volunteers, and Mr. Jeremy West and Mr. John West for their extensive work in organizing this Honor Flight. This trip would not have been possible without all the financial and emotional support of the people who have put in so much hard work and personal time to make sure this trip could be possible. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Nathan Clark for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Nathan Clark is a student at Drake Middle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Nathan Clark is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Nathan Clark for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplishments. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Alvin High School Color Guard on winning their state championship. In April, the Alvin High School Color Guard, coached by Maurice Wright traveled to College Station to compete in the state finals and came home with their first state championship. The 25 member team works year round to perfect their routines. Their success has made Alvin proud. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to the Alvin High School Color Guard. We look forward to their continued successes. Go Yellowjackets. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Holly Finkelstein for her dedication to improving the health and well being of children and families in our community and her involvement with the Community Health Initiative Napa County. Ms. Finkelstein has served three terms on the Board of Directors for Community Health Initiative Napa County. She has been a member of the Executive Committee as Treasurer, Secretary and Vice President. She currently serves as the Fundraising Chair. Ms. Finkelstein has been a passionate supporter of the Community Health Initiative’s mission to ensure children and their families are covered by health insurance and have access to health care services. Since 2005 Community Health Initiative Napa County has enrolled 18,000 children and their families, individuals and seniors in health insurance. Ms. Finkelstein is involved in our community in other ways as well. She has served on multiple committees for the Napa Valley Vintners Association and is a graduate of Leadership Napa Valley, a Napa Valley Chamber of Commerce program. In 2007, Ms. Finkelstein was named one of the ‘‘Forty Under 40’’ Business Leaders by the North Bay Business Journal. Ms. Finkelstein is married to her husband Judd, with whom she has two daughters, Ruby and Talulah, who have followed in their mother’s footsteps by spreading kindness through their Be Kind campaign. Mr. Speaker, Ms. Finkelstein is a giving person to those in need and her love for others is contagious. She has been an essential part of the Board of Directors for Community Health Initiative Napa County for nine years. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor her here today. CHRISTOPHER COALMANANGELO HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Christopher CoalmanAngelo for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Christopher CoalmanAngelo is a student at Moore Middle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Christopher CoalmanAngelo is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Christopher CoalmanAngelo for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplishments. 
RECOGNIZING THE KOREANAMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF THE WASHINGTON METROPOLITAN AREA AND THE 2017 KORUS FESTIVAL VOLUNTEERS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the KoreanAmerican Association of the Washington Metropolitan Area (KAAW) and its President, Young Cheong Kim, on the occasion of the 2017 KORUS Festival. As one of the largest festivals of its kind, the KORUS festival brings together Koreans, KoreanAmericans, and others from our rich multicultural community to celebrate our dynamic and harmonious relationship. The festival provides not only the opportunity for us to experience the customs of the Korean culture, but also to recognize the shared history and partnership between our two nations. The need for that partnership to continue has only been made more evident in light of North Korea’s continued provocative actions. As co chair of the Congressional Caucus on Korea, I look forward to continuing my friendship with KAAW and the KoreanAmerican community as we continue to build on the success of our alliance and work together toward the achievement of our common goals. I will continue to do all that I can to ensure that the U.S.Korea alliance remains strong and enduring. It would not be possible to hold an event of this magnitude without the support and commitment of volunteers from the community. It is my great honor to recognize the efforts of the following individuals and include in the RECORD their names: Tae Chang, Lisa Choi, Ellen Choi, Ellen Kim, Daniel Chung, Ryan Chung, Angela Song, Anna Song, Lauren Lee, Julia Hyojin Chun, Sara Han, Paul Lee, Jacob Son, Jonathon Kwak, Jonathon Yun, Hana Amber Cridlan, Denay Williams Taylor, Diane Lee Taylor, Daniel Lee, Christian Lim, Lindsey Hyun Ah Lim, Youchan Kim, Jaewoong Lee, Brandon Kim, Jeonggin Lee, Kylie Kim, Soobin Lebow, Dalit Lebow, Grace Ham Eun Chong. I would also like to give special recognition to Mr. Hosan Kim, who flew all the way from South Korea to organize and perform the role of Master of Ceremonies for this festival. Mr. Speaker, festivals like KORUS are a wonderful example of the tremendous diversity we enjoy in Northern Virginia. Such a variety of different cultures enriches the lives of our citizens and fosters greater tolerance and understanding. I commend KAAW and the volunteers listed above for helping to bring such wonderful events to fruition, and ask my colleagues to join me in wishing them great success in their future endeavors. f 
PRANAV CHEMUDUPATY QUALIFIES FOR THE SCRIPPS NATIONAL SPELLING BEE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Pranav Chemudupaty for qualifying for the Scripps National Spelling Bee. Pranav, an eighthgrader at Nolan Ryan Junior High School, won the regional spelling bee by spelling the word oxyacetylene to advance to the national championship in Washington, D.C. May 27 through June 1. He is the second member of his family to win the regional bee to advance to nationals. His older brother, Aditya won in both 2009 and 2010. Pranav has been studying for the spelling bee since he was in kindergarten and knew every single word that he was asked in the bee this year. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Pranav Chemudupaty. We look forward to his continued successes and wish him good luck at nationals. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Mayor of Aurora, Colorado, Mr. Steve Hogan. I represented Aurora during my first six years in Congress and have worked with Steve through his years of public service on behalf of our community. Steve’s record speaks for itself. He entered public service as a State Representative and went on to serve six nonconsecutive terms as an Aurora City Councilor before being elected the city’s Mayor in 2011. During his decades of service, Steve called himself both a Democrat and a Republican, but always put his city and his constituents first. Steve has been integral to growing Aurora over the last 40 years into a major economic driver in the region and a great place to live and raise a family. Steve’s leadership in the days after the shooting at the Aurora movie theater was remarkable. He brought calm and comfort and 
direction and resolve to grieving families and a heartbroken community. Steve recently encouraged people to ‘‘embrace the honor of public service—continually seeking to enrich the lives of our fellow residents. It is in this honor, in this service, where leadership and inclusive governance will flourish.’’ These words ring true for the City of Aurora and they ring true for us here in Congress. Steve has embodied these words each and every day he’s worked on behalf of his city, and I hope all of my colleagues will take this to heart as well. It has been an honor to work with Steve through the years, and I want to thank him on behalf of the entire state of Colorado for his tireless public service. 
HONORING THE DEFENSE DISTRIBUTION CENTER SUSQUEHANNA, NEW CUMBERLAND, PENNSYLVANIA, ON ITS 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I’d like to honor the Defense Distribution Center Susquehanna, located in New Cumberland, Pennsylvania, on its 100th Anniversary of supporting our Nation’s warfighting and peacekeeping forces. In 1817, the United States government purchased 832 acres of farmland and began the construction of the Marsh Run Storage Depot, located in a small town just outside of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. A ribbon cutting ceremony took place at the depot in November of 1918. During that first year, the installation served as a receiving point for supplies returning from overseas. The next few years, the depot provided engineer and chemical warfare support and then from 1921 to 1941, the base was a quartermaster, ordnance, signal and medical inactive storage area. From 1941 to 1946, the depot served as a WWII reception center and recruit processing center. Then from 1945 to 1949, it was a German and Italian prisoner of war camp. From 1955 through 1985, Chinook helicopters were repaired and maintained on the depot. The depot provided an air maintenance mission from 1958 through 1983. During that timeframe, in 1962, the name changed to New Cumberland Army Depot, or NCAD. In 1991, as a result of Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) actions, the depot became part of the Defense Logistics Agency and is now known as the Defense Distribution Center Susquehanna. Since 1991, the Defense Distribution Center Susquehanna, the largest distribution center within the Department of Defense, has provided military and commercial repair parts, medical supplies and industrial and electronic components to the Department of Defense in support of the warfighter. From the beginning of its humble history, the Defense Distribution Center Susquehanna has provided unwavering support to our military—providing critical supplies needed to perform their mission. As someone who has served in several combat theaters, the world class support to the Warfighter provided by the Defense Distribution Center Susquehanna was greatly appreciated by my brothersand sistersinarms. The men and women of this installation, past and present, should be justifiably proud of their role in sustaining our Nation’s military readiness. It’s with great pride, on behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Congressional District, that I congratulate the men and women of the Defense Distribution Center Susquehanna for 100 years of dedicated service to the United States of America. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted: YEA on Roll Call No. 173; YEA on Roll Call No. 174; YEA on Roll Call No. 175; NAY on Roll Call No. 176; and YEA on Roll Call No. 177. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Madalyn Wenger for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Madalyn Wenger is a student at Warren Tech North and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Madalyn Wenger is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Madalyn Wenger for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplishments. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 2018 Fort Bend ISD Elementary and Secondary Teachers of the Year. Leigha Bishop of Lakeview Elementary was named the 2018 District Elementary Teacher of the Year and Shaughn Thomas of Lake Olympia Middle School was named the 2018 District Secondary Teacher of the Year. Bishop is a prekindergarten teacher and has seven years of teaching experience. She constantly strives to equip herself with the skills and knowledge to best assist her students. Thomas is an AVID teacher and has taught for four years. He wants his students to be excited every day when they enter his classroom and continually tries to evolve to meet his student’s needs. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Leigha Bishop and Shaughn Thomas. I thank them for their dedication to our children. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. James Cotter for the positive impact he has had on the health and wellbeing of our community for many years and his work as President of the Board of Directors of Community Health Initiative Napa County for the past nine years. Dr. Cotter received his undergraduate degree from the University of California, Los Angeles and his medical degree from the George Washington University Medical School. He completed a three year residency in family medicine at the UCLA Santa Monica Medical Center. Dr. Cotter also holds a Master of Public Health from Touro University. Dr. Cotter has served three terms as Board President of the Board of Directors of Community Health Initiative Napa County. Prior to his position on the Board, he helped the organization develop their first evaluation plan, which has helped inform the community of their impact. Dr. Cotter has provided guidance and support for Community Health Initiative’s efforts to enroll children and their families in health insurance and ensure that they have access to services. Community Health Initiative has enrolled 18,000 individuals in health insurance since 2005. Dr. Cotter has been an active and passionate advocate for access to healthcare for children and vulnerable populations from the beginning of his career. He served in the National Health Service Corps in Lake County from 1981 to 1985. From 1985 to 1990 he practiced as a solo family physician in Clearlake, California. In 1993 Dr. Cotter was appointed the physician in charge of the Kaiser Permanente Napa medical offices, a position he served in until 2014. He currently works at Partnership HealthPlan of California, which serves 560,000 MediCal members in fourteen Northern California counties. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Cotter cares deeply about the health of children and their families. He has played a fundamental role in the success of Community Health Initiative Napa County as the Board President. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor Dr. James Cotter here today. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Roy Hastick, the President and Founder of the Caribbean 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Kaitlyn Whittaker for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Kaitlyn Whittaker is a student at Wheat Ridge High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Kaitlyn Whittaker is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Kaitlyn Whittaker for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplishments. SUGAR LAND DISPATCHER NAMED 2018 TRAINER OF THE YEAR HON. PETE OLSON 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Amanda Davis for being named the 2018 Texas Association of Public Safety Communication Officials Trainer of the Year. Davis has served as a frontline dispatcher for over nine years and also trains new recruits. As part of this effort, she has developed a curriculum to inform dispatchers on how to respond to frantic callers and ensures that they are prepared to help citizens in need at any point in time. Thanks in part to her efforts, Sugar Land is a safe place to raise a family, with the lowest crime rates in 20 years, faster ambulances, and improved public dispatch. Those who work alongside Amanda say that she goes above and beyond to make her trainees feel welcome and never fails to demonstrate absolute professionalism. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Amanda Davis for this wonderful honor. I thank her for everything she does to help keep our Sugar Land community safe. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Ms. Tara Lynn Jones, a warm and dynamic spirit. It is hard to believe that this young woman with her beautiful smile and passion for her community is no longer with us. Born and raised in Maryland, Ms. Jones graduated from La Reine High School before attending Spelman College in Atlanta, Georgia where she earned an undergraduate degree in chemistry. Tara continued her education at George Washington University and received a master’s degree in public health, epidemiology, and biostatistics and a certificate in public management. Mr. Speaker, throughout her career Tara seamlessly moved between the business world and public service. Many remember her work as the Director of Neighborhood Services when Ms. Jones worked to connect residents to health, economic, and social justice services and programs in Washington, D.C. She continued to apply this experience in building coalitions, developing national media campaigns, and coordinating effective events across the country. I, along with many of my colleagues—especially those of us who serve in the Congressional Black Caucus—truly learned to appreciate and respect Tara’s unique gifts and skills when she served as the Vice President of Public Affairs for BET Networks. During a challenging and pivotal time in our nation’s history, Ms. Jones used her platform to bring together young people, corporations, media, and policy makers to address the key, core civil rights and social justice matters of the day. 
At every opportunity, Ms. Jones built bridges and made new friends. She was a communicator and a convener whose faith inspired a deep passion for service and mentorship in the Capital City Chapter of Links, Inc., Destination DC, and ColorComm. In recent years, Tara continued to employ her expertise on a global scale as the founder of the Tara Jones Group, LLC, which incorporated brand marketing, strategic solutions, and business development with increasing diversity and inclusion. As an active, engaged member of the National Urban League, and in particular during her tenure as President of the Washington Thursday Network, Tara continued the mission of integrating the necessary pursuit of opportunity, equity, equality, and justice into both her personal and professional life. Mr. Speaker, Ms. Jones truly dedicated her life to serving others—she managed to be everywhere and everything to everyone she met. As one who knew and worked alongside the late and great, Whitney Young, Jr., who served as the executive director of the National Urban League during pivotal years of the Civil Rights Movement, I can say that she epitomized his spirit and continued his legacy. Tara Lynn Jones was a thoughtful, loving, and kind young woman who leaves behind a legacy of excellence as she joins her beloved brother Edward V. Jones, Jr. During this difficult time, I extend my deepest condolences to Tara’s loving parents—Edward and Sharon Jones; her cherished nieces—Jasmine, Brittany, Amber, and Nyema Jones; and the innumerable family, friends, colleagues, and members of the Spelman and Links sisterhoods who mourn the passing of this beautiful spirit. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Steven Moulds, who has been named Napa Valley Grapegrowers’ 2018 Grower of the Year. Mr. Moulds is an individual who has made a lasting impact on our community through his viticulture work, expertise and personal commitment to public service. Mr. Moulds was born in Chicago, Illinois and grew up in Palo Alto and Los Altos in California. He graduated from Los Altos High School in 1962. He studied at Foothill College and graduated from San Jos State University with a Bachelor of Arts in 1972. In 2005 he graduated from Napa Valley College with an Associate of Science in Viticulture. Mr. Moulds began his public service journey as a Peace Corps volunteer in Porcupine, Honduras in 1964. His involvement with the Peace Crops established a foundation for his work as a social worker and his continued volunteerism. From 1964 to 1976 he worked with migrant farm workers in Irony, California, helping them remove barriers to employment. In 2000; after working in commercial real estate, Mr. Moulds and his wife Betsy purchased eleven acres in the Oak Knoll District of the Napa Valley appellation where he planted Cabernet Sauvignon grapes. He is focused on producing high quality grapes and maintaining strong partnerships with winemakers. In addition to growing his own grapes, Mr. Moulds is active in our wine community. He is a Board Member and past President of Napa Valley Grape growers, a Board Member of the Napa Valley Farm worker Foundation and a previous Board Member of the Oak Knoll District of Napa Valley appellation. His philanthropic efforts include founder and sustaining member of NorteAmericanos Para Orocuina, Board Member and President of the Board of Peninsula Center for the Blind, and Board Member and President of San Jose Repertory Theater. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Moulds has been recognized as the Napa Valley Grapegrowers’ 2018 Grower of the Year. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor Steven Moulds here today. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Victoria Woodcock for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Victoria Woodcock is a student at Ralston Valley High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Victoria Woodcock is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Victoria Woodcock for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplishments. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Audrey Bivens and Bass Pro Shops for being named The Arc of Katy Hometown Heroes. Audrey Bivens will be recognized for serving and advocating for individuals with intellectual and development disabilities for many years. Bass Pro Shops will be recognized as Hometown Hero for community service and their honorable service during Hurricane Harvey and ongoing contributions that benefit the Katy area. Bivens has worked for over 29 years as an educator and has created programs for students with intellectual and developmental disabilities. She is the founder of the Children with Autism Program (CAP) and volunteers with Special Olympics and special needs programs at her church. Bass Pro Shops and White River Marine Group provided more than 100 TRACKER Boats to government agencies and rescue organizations in the wake of Hurricane Harvey. The Texas National Guard mobilized at Bass Pro Shops locations in Katy and Pearland, making over 16,000 water rescues using the boats Bass Pro Shop provided. Associates were more than willing to do whatever it took to help those in need, even when their own homes faced uncertainty. Citizens and businesses like these are what make our Texas communities so strong. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to all of our Hometown Heroes. I thank them for their dedication to our Katy community. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Arts Council of Fairfax County and the recipients of its 2017 Arts Awards. These awards recognize the extraordinary contributions of those who support the arts in our community, including artists and arts organizations, as well as individuals and businesses in Fairfax County, the City of Fairfax, and the City of Falls Church. The economic benefit of that support cannot be overstated. During FY2015, total industry expenditures generated over $22.4 million in local and state government revenues, supported 6,952 full time equivalent jobs, and generated $155.8 million in resident household income. Each year, the Arts Council of Fairfax County honors a select group of individuals, companies, or organizations that have made extraordinary contributions to the local arts community. It is my honor to include in the RECORD  the names of the 2017 recipients. The 2017 Jinx Hazel Arts Award is being presented to Dewberry for its ongoing support of the arts in Fairfax County. In 1982, Dewberry was invited to design the new Filene Center at Wolf Trap after the original structure was destroyed in a fire. The new Filene Center stands today as one of the defining symbols of the strength of the arts in Fairfax County, enjoyed by hundreds of thousands of visitors each year. Additionally, Dewberry has made significant contributions to arts education at George Mason University’s School of Music, and Mr. Barry Dewberry has been a longtime supporter of the Fairfax Symphony Orchestra. The 2017 Emerging Arts Award is being presented to the Washington West Film Festival (WWFF). WWFF emerged in 2011 as Fairfax’s first professional film festival organization with a mission to celebrate the transformative power of film. Since its beginning, the WWFF has screened more than 300 films through its annual festival in Fairfax, drawing over 16,000 attendees in its short history. In addition, the WWFF dedicates 100% of its box office proceeds to charitable causes. The 2017 Arts Achievement Award is being presented to Dr. Daniel E. Sheehy. Dr. Sheehy is a musician, musicologist, educator, historian, and author, and has devoted his life to helping the world better understand itself by 
experiencing its diverse music and cultures. Additionally, Dr. Sheehy is one of the world’s most respected and honored authorities on the subject of Mexican mariachi music. Since 1978, in the basement of Daniel’s home in the Baileys Crossroads area of Falls Church, some fifty musicians have rehearsed, performed with Mariachi Los Amigos, and gone on to form their own bands. It is not an exaggeration to say that the proliferation of mariachi music in Greater Washington, DC is a result of Daniel Sheehy. The 2017 Arts Philanthropy Award is being presented to Mr. Todd Hitt. Born and raised in Northern Virginia, Mr. Hitt is committed to enhancing the economic and cultural vibrancy of the region in which he was raised. In 2007, he launched Kiddar Capital, a private equity company that stands at the forefront of built world technologies. Mr. Hitt’s office features art by local area artists. He believes giving back to one’s community is a core principle of citizenship. As a supporter of the arts and humanities, he not only donates a significant portion of his income to local nonprofits each year, but he has also helped raise additional funds for those organizations over the last five years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the recipients of the 2017 Arts Awards and in recognizing and thanking the visionaries, leaders, and supporters who help to make our Northern Virginia communities rich with cultural opportunities. 
DOUGLAS ‘‘PAT’’ GORMAN NAMED SENIOR CITIZEN OF THE YEAR 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Douglas ‘‘Pat’’ Gorman on his recognition as the 2018 City of Katy Senior Citizen of the Year. Gorman volunteers weekly at the Katy Prairie Conservancy and at St. Paul’s Episcopal Church. He also helps elderly and handicapped residents through the Katy Area AARP and Katy Home Savers Association. When he and his wife Francesca, ‘‘Fran,’’ aren’t spending time with family or traveling around the world, Pat can be found working outdoors: either building flower beds, fixing stairs or ensuring tools are in tip top shape. Thanks to his immeasurable contributions to the Katy community over the past decade, Gorman was the City of Katy Social Services Advisory Board’s sole nominee for this award. In 2015, he was also named the Katy Area Chamber of Commerce Volunteer of the Year. On behalf of the TwentySecond Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Pat Gorman on this wonderful recognition. I thank him for his dedication to our Katy community. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 11, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Cheyenne Irene Zamora for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Cheyenne Irene Zamora is a student at Arvada High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Cheyenne Irene Zamora is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Cheyenne Irene Zamora for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplishments. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m., on Monday, May 14, 2018. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 13 public bills, H.R. 5773–5785 were introduced. 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1037, to authorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its environs, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–669); H.R. 2991, to establish the Susquehanna National Heritage Area in the State of Pennsylvania, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–670); H.R. 5674, to establish a permanent community care program for veterans, to establish a commission for the purpose of making recommendations regarding the modernization or realignment of facilities of the Veterans Health Administration, to improve construction of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs relating to the home loan program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–671, Part 1); H.R. 5698, to amend title 18, United States Code, to punish criminal offenses targeting law enforcement officers, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–672); and H.R. 5786, making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–673).                                                                      Page H3934 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Mitchell to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Michael Wilker, Lutheran Church of the Reformation, Washington, DC. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yeaandnay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 11 a.m. and adjourned at 11:02 a.m. 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, May 14 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nominations of Michael Y. Scudder, of Illinois, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, and Amy J. St. Eve, of Illinois, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, and vote on confirmation of the nominations in the order listed at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 p.m., Tuesday, May 15 
HOUSE Clarke, Yvette D., N.Y., E634 Conaway, K. Michael, Tex., E632 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E631, E633, E636 Jenkins, Evan H., W.Va., E634 Lewis, John, Ga., E635 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E632 Olson, Pete, Tex., E631, E632, E633, E633, E634, E635, E636, E637 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E631, E631, E632, E632, E633, E633, E634, E635, E636, E637 Perry, Scott, Pa., E634 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E631, E633, E634, E636 