Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor this year’s National Christmas Tree Contest winner who hails from my home county of Avery in North Carolina’s Fifth District, Mr. Larry Smith. This year, Mr. Smith won the national tree contest hosted by the National Christmas Tree Association, whose members have presented the official White House Christmas tree for display in the Blue Room since 1966. Growers must first win their local competitions in order to qualify for the association’s national contest. At the national competition, growers, industry experts, and consumers vote to choose the real Christmas tree grower who will provide the official White House Christmas tree. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent this year’s winner and was delighted to join Mr. Smith, his family and friends in presenting the First Family with its Fraser fir Christmas tree last week. As a former Christmas tree grower myself, I can attest to the importance of recognizing this often overlooked, yet highly significant, farming industry. Christmas trees have held a historic place in American family tradition since 1850. Long before artificial trees were around, real trees brought Christmas spirit into homes with their evergreen and fragrant branches during the season. Just as importantly, Christmas trees play a vital role in the North Carolina high country’s economy by providing jobs and livelihoods for thousands of North Carolinians. The Fifth District is one of the largest producers of live cut Christmas trees in the country, producing over 20 percent of the real Christmas trees in the United States. Representing over 95 percent of all species grown in the State, the North Carolina Fraser fir Christmas tree is the most popular Christmas tree in North America. It is shipped to every State in the U.S., as well as the Caribbean islands, Mexico, Canada, Bermuda, Japan, and other points all over the world. Congratulations once again to Mr. Smith, and thanks to Christmas tree growers across the country for contributing to our economy and providing the joy of having a real Christmas tree to families worldwide. ASSOCIATION HEALTH PLANS  
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share some good news with the House. Over a year and a half ago, we passed the Small Business Health Fairness Act. Small businesses were hit hard by flawed mandates, soaring costs, and limited choices under ObamaCare. The Education and the Workforce Committee worked hard to produce the Small Business Health Fairness Act, which expanded healthcare options and lowered costs for working families by encouraging small businesses to come together through association health plans and negotiate for lower costs on behalf of their employees. In October of last year, President Trump issued an executive order that built on the solutions in that bill, directing the Department of Labor to remove barriers and make association health plans a viable option for businesses and their employees. Well, it is working. In my home State of North Carolina, individuals in the hospitality industry will soon have access to a new association health plan that provides affordable, comprehensive coverage. Nearly half a million workers in North Carolina alone will have options they didn’t have before thanks to association health plans. In Oklahoma, chambers of commerce at the State and local level are working with some of the smallest businesses around to form association health plans and allow these talented individuals to keep doing what they really want to do, innovating and creating jobs only they will be able to create. Even farmers in Minnesota and Nebraska are finding ways to come together for better bargaining power that puts people and their healthcare choices first. Association health plans put people in charge. They empower small businesses to offer the same benefits that 
large companies can provide, and they allow employees to choose coverage options that work best for them. At the Education and the Workforce Committee, we have been proud to do our part to bring about this sustainable healthcare solution for millions of Americans. I welcome the news. 
RECOGNIZING PREMATURITY AWARENESS MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. MARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, November is Prematurity Awareness Month, and as the number of preterm births continues to rise in the United States, it is important to acknowledge this serious issue. In my own experience as an obstetrician having delivered over 5,000 babies, I have seen firsthand the seriousness of early birth. Premature birth is still the number one cause of infant mortality in the United States and around the world. Advancements in detection and care for infants born early have not made the same strides that other areas of the medical field have. The premature birth rate in Kansas is right below the national average of 9.93, meaning that approximately 1 in every 10 babies is born premature. In the coming weeks, Congress has the opportunity to act and pass the PREEMIE Reauthorization Act of 2018 and help those who cannot yet help themselves. 
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, this past holiday weekend, I had the pleasure, the opportunity, to travel to the Middle East and to the Horn of Africa. Specifically, I got to visit with some 700 Kansas National Guardsmen from the 2nd 137th Combined Arms Battalion and Battery C, 161st Field Artillery. These guardsmen have been deployed since April in support of Operation Enduring Freedom Spartan Shield. I am often asked what was the purpose of my trip. Why do Congressmen do these trips? First of all, I think it is important that, as a Congressman, I bring these troops a message of hope and thanks and let them know personally that we do care and are grateful for their service and the sacrifices they are making for this country. Next, my goal was to check on the mental and physical wellbeing of our troops. Despite talking to hundreds of our soldiers, I cannot get one of them to register one complaint. Specifically, I thought their mental health was outstanding, that they were all in good spirits and, indeed, had great hope. Physically, their nutrition appeared to be well attended to. Their medical and dental needs were well attended to as well. My one concern, perhaps, would be the housing. And though no soldier complained about housing, when you are there for a year at a time, I do think we could supply our soldiers with better housing. Today, we are reminded of the dangers of serving in our military as we lost three soldiers to a roadside bomb in Afghanistan. Certainly, my sympathy goes out to the families. I know the words that I can express will never be enough, but I would say this: Today we are also reminded once again that freedom is not free. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MAJOR BRENT RUSSELL TAYLOR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, Major Brent Russell Taylor is one of six brothers to each wear the uniform of the United States Army. While training Afghan security forces in support of Operation Freedom’s Sentinel, Major Taylor was killed by an apparent insider attack on November 3 in Kabul province while in the final months of his deployment. He is survived by his wife, Jennie, and seven children: Megan, Lincoln, Alex, Jacob, Ellie, Jonathan, and Caroline. In Utah, we mourn with the family of Major Taylor and grieve his loss and honor his sacrifice. As Major Taylor and his brothers passed through Basic Combat Training, they learned the seven Army values in great detail. Those values are loyalty, duty, respect, selfless service, honor, integrity, and personal courage, and Major Brent Taylor lived these values. First, loyalty: Major Taylor swore to bear true faith and allegiance to the Constitution of the United States and support and defend our Nation’s guiding documents against all enemies. He demonstrated his loyalty to this oath time and time again. Duty: Major Taylor earned a Bronze Star for his outstanding dedication to duty during combat operations in Iraq. The Army says doing your duty means more than carrying out your assigned tasks. Major Taylor’s military service record shows he employed this guidance to the fullest. So, too, does his life outside the military, because Major Taylor was not only Major Taylor, he was also Mayor Taylor. His community and neighbors so entrusted him to lead and provide that they elected him the mayor of North Ogden City in Utah. In that role, he did much more than carry out his assigned tasks. He worked to beautify and improve the city and to create a community that was welcoming to newcomers; and in the predawn morning of his last Christmas on Earth, Mayor Taylor ventured out into the cold to oversee the snowplows and salt trucks as they cleared the roads and made his city safe. Respect: Major Taylor not only enjoyed the respect of his family, community, and fellow servicemembers, but his praises came from across the globe. In a letter from Afghanistan to Mrs. Taylor following her husband’s death, an Afghan aviator said: ‘‘Your husband taught me to . . . treat my children as treasured gifts, to be a better father, to be a better husband, and to be a better man.’’ A man does not receive that level of praise without first showing his own grand measure of respect. Selfless service: As a high school senior in Chandler, Arizona, Brent delivered the honor speech at graduation, and his instruction to the audience was: ‘‘Go out. Be happy. Find peace and make a positive difference in the world.’’ Major Taylor left his family and American soil on four deployments to serve and ‘‘make a positive difference in the world.’’ In that same honor speech, he gave the order to ‘‘stick with it to the end.’’ He, himself, did just that. Honor: Major Taylor honored his faith, his family, his community, and his country throughout his short life. Brent’s social media postings are replete with photos of his children and family. They show images of love and service and patriotism, qualities of a man, a husband, and a father who honors his family and country. In his last Facebook post, Brent implored that we all remember: ‘‘We have far more as Americans that unites us than divides us.’’ And he ended the post with the words, ‘‘God Bless America.’’ Integrity: The Army says that integrity is a quality you develop by adhering to moral principles, and the more choices you make based on integrity, the more this highly prized value will affect your relationships with family and friends. The days since the sad passing of Major Taylor have been filled with an outpouring of love and grief expressed by those who knew Brent. His integrity left an impression, and his integrity affected his relationships. Finally, personal courage: In September of 2007, Major Taylor was commanding a convoy in Iraq when he was hit by an insurgent IED. His vehicle was struck by shrapnel, asphalt, and concrete debris. For the wounds received in action, Major Taylor was awarded the Purple Heart, and he would go on to deploy twice more. Brent Taylor stood as an example of personal courage. He lived the Army Values. In April of this year, the Department of Veterans Affairs opened a facility in North Ogden City. It is a place where veterans and their families can go to receive counseling and support. It is a place located in the heart of Brent Taylor’s hometown. As a small gesture to his service and his sacrifice, I have introduced a bill to name that VA facility the ‘‘Major Brent Taylor Vet Center Outstation.’’ The naming of a building will never repay the debt our Nation owes Major Taylor or his family, but it can stand as a humble reminder of the citizen soldier who lost his life in the service of others. 
b1215 BORDER SECURITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, in the coming days, this House will debate the importance of securing our border with Mexico. This should not be a controversial debate. Every nation has the right to secure its borders. There are, indeed, differences among nations from the type of government to the freedoms and liberties a country’s people enjoy, and borders define where these begin and end. Borders also allow countries to determine who and, as important, what is allowed to enter into respective nations. It is this latter point, Mr. Speaker, given the historical context in which the United States and Mexico find themselves, that impels not only the United States but also Mexico to ensure that we have a secure border. There are certain products, namely dangerous narcotics, being made in and shipped through Mexico that we do not want in the United States, and there are items such as illicit cash from drug sales that Mexico does not want imported from the United States. Yes, we are concerned about knowing the identity of individuals coming into our country, and we need to be vetting each individual seeking admission to the United States. But it is the illicit drug trade, which is responsible for taking tens of thousands of lives on both sides of the border, that makes beyond urgent the securing of the U.S. Mexico border. Ninety percent of the heroin used in our country comes from Mexico. Fentanyl, methamphetamines, cocaine, and marijuana also flow across the border in staggering amounts. These poisons destroy lives and result in billions of dollars of illicit cash flowing to transnational criminal organizations on the Mexican side of the border. These organizations are described best in one word: evil. Over the last decade, Mexican drug cartels have been responsible for deaths of thousands of Mexicans, and their exports have killed thousands of Americans. Mexico prosecutes relatively few of the murders that occur on its soil. The cartels kill with impunity. They kill Catholic priests. They kill journalists. They kill students. They kill politicians. They have killed U.S. agents. And they kill each other. The rule of law has been replaced in many Mexican states with the law of violence, revenge, and brutal force. Headlines over the past 2 years tell the story: National Catholic Register, May 22, 2018: ‘‘Why Is Mexico the Deadliest Place to Be a Priest?’’ The New York Times, December 21, 2017: ‘‘Most Lethal to Journalists: 1. War Zones 2. Mexico.’’ CNN, July 2, 2018: ‘‘Mexico goes to the polls . . . 132 politicians have been killed since campaigning began.’’ The Wall Street Journal, November 14, 2018: ‘‘‘It’s a Crisis of Civilization in Mexico.’ 250,000 Dead. 37,400 Missing.’’ Progress against the cartels has been too slow, but there have been some encouraging developments. The trial of the alleged head of the Sinaloa cartel, Joaquin ‘‘El Chapo’’ Guzman, is underway in New York. Within the last month, the Department of Justice indicted individuals affiliated with the Jalisco Nueva Generacion cartel, but those individuals remain at large. The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration also recently announced it was joining with State and local officials in Chicago specifically to go after Mexican cartels, which have played a role in the violence that plagues that community, a community that is 1,500 miles from the border. In announcing the action, the DEA said: ‘‘There is no single entity or solution that can stop the flow of dangerous illicit drugs like heroin and fentanyl into Chicago or to keep them from harming the citizens of this great city. . . . To be clear, these drugs are being produced, manufactured, and trafficked by various Mexican cartels to numerous parts of the United States and elsewhere in the world.’’ Yes, Mr. Speaker, the border issue does not just affect California, Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas. It affects the entire Nation, including my district in western Pennsylvania. Our two countries have not done enough to combat the epidemic of drugs and violence. It is an epidemic that has left mothers, fathers, brothers, and sisters on both sides of the border steeped in grief. There is no single solution to this evil. But one tool is available, and that is the force of our will. It is an act of the will to stop the transfer of drugs northbound into the United States and the transfer of illicit cash southbound into Mexico. A secure border is a necessary prerequisite to this end. That secure border requires not only, where appropriate, physical barriers. It also requires significantly increased capacity for inspecting vehicles traveling between the United States and Mexico at our ports of entry. More inspection lanes, more equipment, and more personnel were prescribed in the Securing America’s Future Act. If we are serious about securing the border, that bill should accompany any appropriations language we pass this month. As the 115th Congress draws to a close, let us take one more vital step to ending the drug crisis and bring peace to Mexico and communities across the United States. Mr. Speaker, let’s secure our border. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 18 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WILLIAMS ) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Gracious God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. You have blessed us with all good gifts, and this past week, with thankful hearts, we gathered with family and loved ones throughout this great land to celebrate our blessings together. Bless the newly elected Members of the 116th Congress who resume their orientation on Capitol Hill. Give them calm and confidence as they prepare for a new role as servants of our Nation’s citizens. Bless the Members of the people’s House who have been entrusted with the privilege to serve our Nation and all Americans in their need. Grant them to work together in respect and affection, faithful in the responsibilities they have been given. As the end of the 115th Congress approaches, bestow upon them the gifts of wisdom and discernment, that in their actions, they will do justice, love with mercy, and walk humbly with You. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CURTIS ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. CURTIS led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
AIKEN SCHOLARS ACADEMY (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the recent opening of the Aiken Scholars Academy, an academic school of excellence that offers students an engaging educational experience. It is the result of a partnership between the University of South Carolina Aiken and Aiken County Public School District. Aiken Scholars Academy, led by Principal Martha Messick, is one of only 1,500 schools worldwide to implement the Advanced Placement Capstone diploma program. This is an innovative program that provides students the opportunity to develop skills for college success, including research, collaboration, and communication. The curriculum was developed with feedback from higher education faculty and college admission officers. At the Aiken Scholars Academy, teachers have the flexibility to cover local, regional, national, and global topics relevant to their students, with a wide variety of themes. This provides for effective collaboration and innovation welcomed by Chancellor Sandra Jordan. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
TEXAS RANGERS: ONE RIOT, ONE RANGER (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, they have been the focus of legend and lore, portrayed on radio shows and the silver screen. It was this month, in 1835, the new Republic of Texas officially created a law enforcement force of three companies, 56 men each, known as the Texas Rangers. The Rangers wear a star made out of a Mexican cinco pesos coin on their western dress, with, of course, the ubiquitous cowboy hat. Captain Bill McDonald said it best: ‘‘No man in the wrong can stand up against a fellow that’s in the right and keeps on acomin’.’’ They are the oldest law enforcement agency in North America with statewide jurisdiction. These Texas lawmen have always had a certain swagger and a certain awe about them. Legendary Ranger ‘‘RIP,’’ rest in peace, Ford said this: ‘‘They did right because it was right.’’ And when the Dallas mayor needed to call in the big guns to prevent an illegal prizefight, Captain McDonald answered the call. As the story is told, the mayor asked: ‘‘Where are the other rangers?’’ McDonald replied: ‘‘Hell, ain’t I enough? There’s only one prizefight.’’ Texas Rangers: One riot, one ranger. And that is just the way it is. f 
MIRACLE MOUNTAIN (Mr. CURTIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, in Utah, wildfires are disastrous events that don’t just cause property damage. They can substantially disrupt the lives of families and have, unfortunately, become far too common in the West. Last month, Mayor Ellis of Elk Ridge reached out to me with a remarkable story from his community. In September, the Bald Mountain fire threatened Elk Ridge, nearly claiming countless homes. However, instead of burning into the sea, the fire suddenly halted, stayed behind the mountain, and spared the community. Mayor Ellis told me that after this remarkable event, many locals began to refer to the peak as ‘‘Miracle Mountain.’’ He then asked if we could commemorate this event by naming the mountain, and I happily took up the task. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to sponsor legislation, the Miracle Mountain Designation Act, supported by the entire Utah House delegation and Governor Herbert to name this mountain ‘‘Miracle Mountain.’’ Mr. Speaker, I hope this bill, once passed, will memorialize an event of great significance in this community. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 4:10 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 7 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1610 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. BYRNE ) at 4 o’clock and 10 minutes p.m. 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Ms. Mariel Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1768) to reauthorize and amend the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1768 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Section 2 of the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7701) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico,’’ after ‘‘States’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘Oregon,’’ after ‘‘New York,’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘Tennessee,’’ after ‘‘South Carolina’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘prediction techniques and’’; (3) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) A wellfunded seismological research program could provide the scientific understanding needed to fully implement an effective earthquake early warning system.’’; (4) in paragraphs (6) and (7), by striking ‘‘lifelines’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘lifeline infrastructure’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12) The built environment has generally been constructed and maintained to meet the needs of the users under normal conditions. When earthquakes occur, the built environment is generally designed to prevent severe injuries or loss of human life and is not expected to remain operational or able to recover under any specified schedule. ‘‘(13) The National Research Council published a study on reducing hazards and risks associated with earthquakes based on the goals and objectives for achieving national earthquake resilience described in the strategic plan entitled ‘Strategic Plan for the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program’. The study and an accompanying report called for work in 18 tasks focused on research, preparedness, and mitigation and annual funding of approximately $300,000,000 per year for 20 years.’’. (b) PURPOSE .—Section 3 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 7702) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘and increase the resilience of communities’’ after ‘‘future earthquakes’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘to individuals and the communities’’ after ‘‘an earthquake’’; (3) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘in time of disaster’’ and inserting ‘‘to facilitate communitywide postearthquake recovery and in times of disaster’’; (4) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘for predicting damaging earthquakes and’’; (5) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘and planning’’ after ‘‘model building’’; and 
(6) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘reconstruction’’ and inserting ‘‘reoccupancy, recovery, reconstruction,’’. (c) DEFINITIONS .— (1) LIFELINE INFRASTRUCTURE .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Section 4(6) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 7703(6)) is amended by striking ‘‘lifelines’’ and inserting ‘‘lifeline infrastructure’’. (B) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Such Act (42 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.) is amended by striking ‘‘lifelines’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘lifeline infrastructure’’. (2) COMMUNITY RESILIENCE .—Section 4 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 7703) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) The term ‘community resilience’ means the ability of a community to prepare and plan for, absorb, recover from, and more successfully adapt to adverse seismic events.’’. 
SEC. 3. MODIFICATION OF NATIONAL EARTHQUAKE HAZARDS REDUCTION PROGRAM. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF PROGRAM ACTIVITIES .— Subsection (a)(2) of section 5 of the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7704) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in clause (iii), by inserting ‘‘, community resilience,’’ after ‘‘seismic risk’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) publishing a systematic set of maps of active faults and folds, liquefaction susceptibility, susceptibility for earthquake induced landslides, and other seismically induced hazards; and’’; and (2) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘develop, operate’’ and all that follows through ‘‘7708),’’ and inserting ‘‘continue the development of the Advanced National Seismic System, including earthquake early warning capabilities’’. (b) AMENDMENTS RELATING TO INTERAGENCY  COORDINATING COMMITTEE ON EARTHQUAKE  HAZARDS REDUCTION .— (1) CLARIFICATION REGARDING MEMBER SHIP.—Subparagraph (B) of subsection (a)(3) of such section is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘The committee’’ and inserting ‘‘In addition to the Director, the committee’’. (2) REDUCTION IN MINIMUM FREQUENCY OF  
MEETINGS OF INTERAGENCY COORDINATING COM MITTEE ON EARTHQUAKE HAZARDS REDUC TION.—Subparagraph (C) of such subsection is amended by striking ‘‘not less than 3 times a year’’ and inserting ‘‘not less frequently than once each year’’. (3) EXPANSION OF DUTIES .—Subparagraph (D) of such subsection is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(D) DUTIES .— ‘‘(i) GENERAL DUTY .—The Interagency Coordinating Committee shall oversee the planning, management, and coordination of the Program. ‘‘(ii) SPECIFIC DUTIES .—The duties of the Interagency Coordinating Committee include the following: ‘‘(I) Developing, not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program Reauthorization Act of 2004 and updating periodically— ‘‘(aa) a strategic plan that establishes goals and priorities for the Program activities described under subsection (a)(2); and ‘‘(bb) a detailed management plan to implement such strategic plan. ‘‘(II) Developing a coordinated interagency budget for the Program that will ensure appropriate balance among the Program activities described under subsection (a)(2), and, in accordance with the plans developed under subclause (I), submitting such budget to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget at the time designated by the Director for agencies to submit biennial budgets. ‘‘(III) Developing interagency memorandums of understanding with any relevant Federal agencies on data sharing and resource commitment in the event of an earthquake disaster. ‘‘(IV) Coordinating with the Interagency Coordinating Committee on Windstorm Impact Reduction and other natural hazards coordination committees as the Director determines appropriate to share data and best practices. ‘‘(V) Coordinating with the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration on data sharing and resource allocation to ensure judicious use of Government resources and the freeflowing exchange of information related to earthquakes. ‘‘(VI) Coordinating with the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior on the use of public lands for earthquake monitoring and research stations, and related data collection. ‘‘(VII) Coordinating with the Secretary of Transportation and the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development on the effects of earthquakes on transportation and housing stocks. ‘‘(iii) ASSISTANCE FROM SECRETARY OF AGRI CULTURE AND SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR .— To the extent practicable, the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior shall expedite any request for a permit to use public land under clause (ii)(VI).’’. (4) REDUCTION IN FREQUENCY OF REPORTING  
EARTHQUAKE HAZARDS REDUCTION .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Subsection (a)(4) of such section is amended— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘ANNUAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘B IENNIAL ’’; (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (F) as clauses (i) through (vi), respectively, and adjusting the indentation of the margin of such clauses, as so redesignated, two ems to the right; (iii) in clause (v), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (iv) in clause (vi), as so redesignated, by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (v) by inserting after clause (vi), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(vii) a statement regarding whether the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency has lowered or waived the cost share requirement for assistance provided under subsection (b)(2)(A)(i).’’; (vi) in the matter preceding clause (i), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘The Interagency’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Senate’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not less frequently than once every two years, the Interagency Coordinating Committee shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, the Committee on Natural Resources, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report on the Program’’; and (vii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) SUPPORT FOR PREPARATION OF RE PORT .—Each head of a Program agency shall submit to the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology such information as the Director may request for the preparation of a report under subparagraph (A) not later than 90 days after the date on which the Director requests such information.’’. (B) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by subparagraph (A) shall take effect on the first day of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) MODIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES OF  NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND  TECHNOLOGY .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and constructing,’’ and inserting ‘‘constructing, evaluating, and retrofitting’’; and (B) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘provide new and’’ after ‘‘research to’’; and (2) in paragraph (5), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘community resilience through’’ after ‘‘improve’’. (d) MODIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES OF  FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY.—Paragraph (2) of subsection (b) of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY ; 
FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY .— ‘‘(A) PROGRAM RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Ad ministrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency— ‘‘(i) shall operate a program of grants and assistance to enable States to develop mitigation, preparedness, and response plans, purchase necessary instrumentation, prepare inventories and conduct seismic safety inspections of critical structures and lifeline infrastructure, update building, land use planning, and zoning codes and ordinances to enhance seismic safety, increase earthquake awareness and education, and provide assistance to multiState groups for such purposes; ‘‘(ii) shall support the implementation of a comprehensive earthquake education, outreach, and public awareness program, including development of materials and their wide dissemination to all appropriate audiences and support public access to localityspecific information that may assist the public in preparing for, mitigating against, responding to and recovering from earthquakes and related disasters; ‘‘(iii) shall, in conjunction with the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, other Federal agencies, and private sector groups, use research results to support the preparation, maintenance, and wide dissemination of seismic resistant design guidance and related information on building codes, standards, and practices for new and existing buildings, structures, and lifeline infrastructure, aid in the development of performancebased design guidelines and methodologies, and support model codes that are cost effective and affordable in order to promote better practices within the design and construction industry and reduce losses from earthquakes; ‘‘(iv) shall enter into cooperative agreements or contracts with States and local jurisdictions and other Federal agencies to establish demonstration projects on earthquake hazard mitigation, to link earthquake research and mitigation efforts with emergency management programs, or to prepare educational materials for national distribution; and ‘‘(v) shall support the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology in the completion of programmatic goals. ‘‘(B) STATE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM CRI TERIA .—In order to qualify for assistance under subparagraph (A)(i), a State must— ‘‘(i) demonstrate that the assistance will result in enhanced seismic safety in the State; ‘‘(ii) provide 25 percent of the costs of the activities for which assistance is being 
given, except that the Administrator may lower or waive the costshare requirement for these activities for a small impoverished community, as defined in section 203 of the Disaster Relief Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5133(a)); and ‘‘(iii) meet such other requirements as the Administrator shall prescribe.’’. (e) MODIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES OF  UNITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY .—Sub section (b)(3) of such section is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), in the first sentence— (A) by inserting ‘‘report on significant domestic and international earthquakes and’’ after ‘‘Survey shall’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘predictions.’’ and inserting ‘‘forecasts.’’; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘predictions, including aftershock advisories’’ and inserting ‘‘alerts and early warnings’’; (3) by striking subparagraph (D) and inserting the following: ‘‘(D) issue when necessary and feasible, and notify the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and State and local officials, an alert and an earthquake warning;’’; (4) in subparagraph (E), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘using’’ and inserting ‘‘including’’; (5) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (6) in subparagraph (J)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and data’’ after ‘‘hazard maps’’; and (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(K) support the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology in the completion of programmatic goals.’’. (f) MODIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES OF  NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION .—Subsection (b)(4) of such section is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, State agencies, State geological surveys,’’ after ‘‘consortia’’; (2) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘to support applied science in the production of a systematic series of earthquakerelated geologic hazard maps, and’’ after ‘‘Survey’’; (3) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘large scale experimental and computational facilities of the George E. Brown Jr. Network for Earthquake Engineering Simulation and other institutions engaged in research and the implementation of the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program’’ and inserting ‘‘experimental and computational facilities’’; (4) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (5) in subparagraph (H), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) support the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology in the completion of programmatic goals.’’; (7) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (I) as clauses (i) through (ix), respectively, and indenting such clauses accordingly; (8) in the matter before clause (i), as redesignated by paragraph (7), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The National Science Foundation’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The National Science Foundation’’; and (9) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) IDENTIFICATION OF FUNDING .—The Na tional Science Foundation shall— ‘‘(i) to the extent practicable, note in any notice of Program funding or other funding possibilities under the Program that the funds are part of the Program; ‘‘(ii) to the extent practicable, track the awarding of Federal funds through the Program; and ‘‘(iii) not less frequently than once every 2 years, submit to the director of the Program a report specifying the amount of Federal funds awarded to conduct research that enhances the understanding of earthquake science.’’. SEC. 4. REVIEW OF THE NATIONAL EARTHQUAKE HAZARD REDUCTION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As soon as practicable, but not later than such date as is necessary for the Comptroller General of the United States to submit the report required by subsection (c) in accordance with such subsection, the Comptroller General shall complete a review of Federal earthquake hazard risk reduction efforts. (b) ELEMENTS .—The review conducted under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A comprehensive assessment of— (A) the extent to which the United States Geological Survey has identified the risks and hazards to the United States posed by earthquakes, including risks and hazards resulting from tsunamis and landslides that are generated by earthquakes; (B) the efforts of the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the National Institute of Standards and Technology to improve the resilience of the United States to earthquakes and to identify important gaps in the resilience of the United States to earthquakes; (C) the progress made by the National Institute of Standards and Technology and the Interagency Coordinating Committee (as defined in section 4 the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 of the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7703)) to coordinate effectively the budget and activities of the Program agencies (as defined in such section 4) in advancing the plans and goals of the Program (as defined in such section 4) and how coordination among the Program agencies may be improved; (D) the extent to which the results of research in earthquake risk and hazards reduction supported by the National Science Foundation during the 40 years of the Program has been effectively disseminated to Federal, State, local, and private sector stakeholders; and (E) the extent to which the research done during the 40 years of the Program has been applied to both public and private earthquake risk and hazards reduction. (2) Recommendations to improve the Program and the resiliency of the United States to earthquake risks. (c) REPORT .—As soon as practicable, but not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, the Committee on Natural Resources, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the Comptroller General with respect to the review completed under subsection (a). 
Section 8 of the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7705b) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) A SSESSMENT AND RECOMMENDATIONS .— Not later than December 1, 2019, the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology and the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall jointly convene a committee of experts from Federal agencies, nongovernmental organizations, private sector entities, disaster management professional associations, engineering professional associations, and professional construction and homebuilding industry associations, to assess and recommend options for improving the built environment and critical infrastructure to reflect performance goals stated in terms of postearthquake reoccupancy and functional recovery time. ‘‘(b) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than June 30, 2020, the committee convened under paragraph (1) shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, the Committee on Natural Resources, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report on recommended options for improving the built environment and critical infrastructure to reflect performance goals stated in terms of postearthquake reoccupancy and functional recovery time.’’. 
SEC. 6. MANAGEMENT PLAN FOR ADVANCED NATIONAL SEISMIC SYSTEM. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the United States Geological Survey shall submit to Congress a 5year management plan for the continued operation of the Advanced National Seismic System. (b) ELEMENTS .—The plan required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Strategies to continue the development of an earthquake early warning system. (2) A mechanism for securing the participation of State and regional level earthquake monitoring entities, including those defunded by the Advanced National Seismic System in the last five years. (3) A plan to encourage and support the integration of geodetic and geospatial data products into earthquake monitoring in regions experiencing large earthquakes. (4) A plan to identify and evaluate existing data sets available across commercial, civil, and defense entities to determine if there are additional data sources to inform the development and deployment of the Advanced National Seismic System and an earthquake early warning system. (5) A plan to ensure that there is an active, geographically diverse, management and advisory structure for the Advanced National Seismic System. 
Section 12 of the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7706) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(8)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) by inserting before the language following subparagraph (E) the following: ‘‘(F) $8,758,000 for fiscal year 2019, ‘‘(G) $8,758,000 for fiscal year 2020, ‘‘(H) $8,758,000 for fiscal year 2021, ‘‘(I) $8,758,000 for fiscal year 2022, and ‘‘(J) $8,758,000 for fiscal year 2023,’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) $83,403,000 for fiscal year 2019, of which not less than $30,000,000 shall be made available for completion of the Advanced National Seismic System established under section 7707 of this title; 
‘‘(G) $83,403,000 for fiscal year 2020, of which not less than $30,000,000 shall be made available for completion of the Advanced National Seismic System established under section 7707 of this title; ‘‘(H) $83,403,000 for fiscal year 2021, of which not less than $30,000,000 shall be made available for completion of the Advanced National Seismic System established under section 7707 of this title; ‘‘(I) $83,403,000 for fiscal year 2022, of which not less than $30,000,000 shall be made available for completion of the Advanced National Seismic System established under section 7707 of this title; and ‘‘(J) $83,403,000 for fiscal year 2023, of which not less than $30,000,000 shall be made available for completion of the Advanced National Seismic System established under section 7707 of this title.’’; (3) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) $54,000,000 for fiscal year 2019, ‘‘(G) $54,000,000 for fiscal year 2020, ‘‘(H) $54,000,000 for fiscal year 2021, ‘‘(I) $54,000,000 for fiscal year 2022, and ‘‘(J) $54,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’; and (4) in subsection (d)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) by inserting before the language following subparagraph (E) the following: ‘‘(F) $5,900,000 for fiscal year 2019, ‘‘(G) $5,900,000 for fiscal year 2020, ‘‘(H) $5,900,000 for fiscal year 2021, ‘‘(I) $5,900,000 for fiscal year 2022, and ‘‘(J) $5,900,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’. 
OF THE FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT  AGENCY .—The Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 5 (42 U.S.C. 7704)— (A) in subsection (a)(3)(B), as amended by section 3(b)(1) of this Act— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘the directors of’’; (ii) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘the Administrator of’’ before ‘‘the’’; and (iii) in clauses (ii) through (v), by inserting ‘‘the Director of’’ before ‘‘the’’ each place it appears; and (B) in subsection (b)(3)(C), as amended by section 3(e), by striking ‘‘Director of the Federal’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Federal’’; and (2) in section 9 (42 U.S.C. 7705c), by striking ‘‘Director of the Agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency’’ each place it appears. (b) REFERENCES TO THE ADVANCED NATIONAL SEISMIC SYSTEM .—Such Act is amended— (1) in section 13 (42 U.S.C. 7707), in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
ADVANCED NA TIONAL SEISMIC RESEARCH AND MONITORING SYS TEM’’ and inserting ‘‘ ADVANCED NATIONAL SEIS MIC SYSTEM ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Advanced National Seismic Research and Monitoring System’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Advanced National Seismic System’’. (c) INCORRECT CROSSREFERENCES .—Para graph (4) of section 5(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 7704(a)), as amended by section 3(b)(4)(A) of this Act, is amended— (1) in clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (A), as redesignated by such section 3(b)(4)(A), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (3)(A)’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)(D)(i)(I)’’; and (2) in clause (iii), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘under (3)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘under paragraph (3)(D)(i)(I)’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on S. 1768, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 1768, the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program Reauthorization Act of 2018. The bill before us is the same text of H.R. 6650, the bill I introduced in the House earlier this year to reauthorize a Federal program that improves America’s earthquake preparedness, and which the Senate agreed to accept as the final agreement. With a little indulgence, I might then say that this would be the RohrabacherFeinstein Earthquake bill. That is the way it goes. For 40 years the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program, NEHRP, has supported efforts to assess and monitor earthquake hazards and risks across our Nation. Four Federal agencies coordinate their earthquake activities under this program: the U.S. Geological Survey, the National Science Foundation, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, and the National Institute of Standards and Technology. These agencies assess earthquake hazards, deliver notifications of seismic events, develop measures to reduce earthquake hazards, and conduct research to help reduce overall American vulnerability to earthquakes. The Congress last reviewed and reauthorized the program in 2004, and that law expired in 2009. Although Congress continues to appropriate funds for this important work, the legislation before us makes long overdue changes to modernize the program and make it more effective. The bill removes outdated language related to earthquake prediction and instead emphasizes the continued development of an earthquake early warning system. The bill also reduces various administrative burdens for Federal agencies, burdens that are disruptive to the essential mission of the program. Our approach also improves data sharing between these agencies. Finally, the legislation provides a 5 year authorization for appropriations at the current funding level. In my home State of California, we understand the omnipresent threat of another massive earthquake. According to the USGS, California has a 99 percent chance of being devastated by a magnitude 6.7 earthquake, or an even larger one, in the next 30 years. That is the same power as the 1994 Northridge earthquake which killed 57 people, injured more than 8,700 others, and caused damages of up to $50 billion, making it one of the costliest disasters in American history. California is not alone. Close to 75 million people in 39 States face significant risk from earthquakes. By being prepared for future disasters we reduce our potential loss of life and property for those who would suffer those consequences. I want to thank Senators DIANNE  FEINSTEIN and L ISAMURKOWSKI who introduced this bill in the Senate, as well as Representative PRAMILA JAYAPAL  who joined me in introducing the bill in this House. I want to thank the leadership of the House Natural Resources Committee and the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee for working with us to bring this bill to the floor. Although the Science, Space, and Technology Committee has primary jurisdiction and we were given superb leadership by our current chairman, these committees and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology do share jurisdiction over the agencies in this program. Mr. Speaker, let me again express my deep appreciation for the leadership on the other side of the aisle, but especially now that we are going to be losing our chairman, for the great job that he has done as chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND TECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, October 29, 2018. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing concerning S. 1768, the ‘‘National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program Reauthorization Act of 2018,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and additionally to the Committee on Natural Resources, on September 28, 2018. Although your Committee has a valid jurisdictional interest in certain provisions of S. 1768, I ask that you discharge the Natural Resources Committee from further consideration of this measure to permit the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology to proceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this bill. I ask that you do so with the understanding that your Committee does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in the bill that fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. Finally, I will support an appropriate appointment of outside conferees from your Committee in the event of a HouseSenate conference on this legislation and will include our exchange of letters on S. 1768 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of this bill. 
Thank you again for your cooperation. Sincerely, LAMAR SMITH, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, October 30, 2018. Hon. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for contacting me regarding S. 1768, the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program Reauthorization Act of 2018, which was additionally referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. In the interest of permitting you to proceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this bill, I will agree to discharge the Natural Resources Committee from further consideration of S. 1768. I do so with the understanding that the Natural Resources Committee does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in the bill that fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I also appreciate your support to name members of the Natural Resources Committee to any conference committee to consider such provisions and for inserting our exchange of letters on S. 1768 into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you again for consulting us regarding this bill, I look forward to continuing to work with you the remainder of this Congress. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND TECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, November 9, 2018. Hon. BILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing concerning S. 1768, the ‘‘National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program Reauthorization Act of 2018,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and additionally to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, on September 28, 2018. Although your Committee has a valid jurisdictional interest in certain provisions of S. 1768, I ask that you discharge the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee from further consideration of this measure to permit the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology to proceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this bill. I ask that you do so with the understanding that your Committee does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in the bill that fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. Finally, I will support an appropriate appointment of outside conferees from your Committee in the event of a HouseSenate conference on this legislation and will include our exchange of letters on S. 1768 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of this bill. Thank you again for your cooperation. Sincerely, LAMAR SMITH, Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  INFRASTRUCTURE , Washington, DC, November 15, 2018. Hon. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH: Thank you for your letter regarding S. 1768, the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program Reauthorization Act of 2018. In order to expedite floor consideration of S. 1768, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. The Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure concurs with the mutual understanding that forgoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I request you urge the Speaker to name Members of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provisions. Please insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration on the House floor. I look forward to working with the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support S. 1768 to reauthorize the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program. I want to thank Senators FEINSTEIN  and MURKOWSKI for developing this good legislation. I also would like to thank my colleagues, Representatives ROHRABACHER and J AYAPAL , for introducing a House companion, and the chairs and ranking members of the authorizing committees for working to arrive at the consensus legislation we are considering today. The years 1964 and 1994 mark two of the worst earthquakes in U.S. history. Hundreds of people lost their lives, and thousands sustained injuries in these earthquakes that hit Alaska and the Northridge neighborhood of Los Angeles. Economic losses were in the billions of dollars resulting from earthquakes and tsunamis. While our Nation has been in the path of many disastrous natural events lately, we have been spared from a big earthquake for many years. But we should not become complacent, because another big earthquake will happen, and the human and economic toll will be felt far beyond the immediate disaster zone. S. 1768 makes Federal investments in research and preparedness activities that will help mitigate earthquake risks for Americans from coast to coast. Specifically, S. 1768 reauthorizes funding for the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the National Science Foundation, the U.S. Geological Survey, and the Federal Emergency Management Agency to continue to carry out research and other activities under the NEHRP program. Under NEHRP, NSF and USGS carry out fundamental research in the earth sciences. Both agencies have extensive networks of instrumentation that record seismic activity and advance our understanding of the onset, propagation, and intensity of earthquakes. Such research helps advance our early warning capability and helps communities make informed decisions for earthquake preparation. NIST is the lead agency for NEHRP and also carries out applied research that provides the scientific basis for earthquake resilient building codes and design guidelines. This bill aims to help communities survive a catastrophic event and continue with critical operations, such as emergency services, utilities, and communication networks. FEMA provides earthquake training and awareness to States and territories and assists communities in creating seismic mitigation plans in the event of a highimpact earthquake. These activities are invaluable in preparing communities for an earthquake and its aftermath. The last NEHRP reauthorization was nearly 15 years ago, and the authorizing law needs several updates to ensure it is keeping pace with the state of the science on earthquakes and translating that science into saving lives and property. The bill before us today includes those muchneeded updates and, importantly, provides NEHRP agencies with the needed authority to continue these investments with greater budgetary certainty for the next 5 years. I appreciate my colleagues working on this bill in a bipartisan fashion in the House and Senate, and I urge support for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), who is the chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to thank the gentleman from California, my friend and colleague, for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I support S. 1768, the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program Reauthorization Act of 2018. The final text of the legislation we are considering today was first introduced by Representative DANA ROHRABACHER as H.R. 6650 in August. Representative ROHRABACHER , an active and valued senior member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, led efforts to improve the original Senate bill and authorize some additional funding to advance earthquake monitoring and earlywarning systems that are critical to his home State of California. It has been 15 years since the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program was last reauthorized. This legislation modernizes earthquake safety programs 
that help States prepare for and respond to earthquakes. The National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program Reauthorization Act is a result of bipartisan collaboration and work with the relevant agencies, congressional committees, private sector and State agency stakeholders. I want to thank Representative ROHRABACHER for his initiative on moving the bill forward and working across the aisle and across the Capitol with Senator DIANNE FEINSTEIN to get it across the finish line. b1630 I also want to congratulate him for his 30 years of service to the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee; the Congress; and his constituents. Since joining the committee in 1989, he has been a dedicated advocate for our Nation’s space exploration programs, energy research and innovation, and preparing our Nation for natural hazards. I encourage my colleagues to support S. 1768 and send it to the President’s desk. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. We Californians know what suffering happens when you are unprepared for a wildfire. We have learned that lesson very tragically just recently. There is no need for us to suffer by being unprepared for the next earthquake. That is what this is all about. I thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle and especially thank the chairman for the fact that we have worked together in a way that is really going to have a positive impact on so many people by preventing them from having to suffer what we have seen recently in the wildfires in California. Mr. Speaker, although there is often disagreement in the people’s House, we should never overlook those many areas of concurrence. There are those who believe that human activity, for example, is causing a cataclysmic jump in the temperature of the planet. Others, however, disagree with this analysis and, thus, oppose policies that restrict human activities and drive up the cost of living a decent life. This issue has been a tumultuous division. However, there are so many other areas in which we can and will focus on, not just in terms of what our committee does, but on which we have a wide acceptance on where precautionary measures are justified and needed. Research in understanding how buildings, bridges, and other infrastructure react to earthquakes is an example of something that I expect that we all agree on. We can see that even here in this debate. I will not be here next year, but I wanted to mention just a few other sciencerelated areas where bipartisan action could be effective and where the costs of prevention are minimal as compared to the potential damage. These are things that we have worked on but have not come to a conclusion. Both the chairman and I won’t be here next year, but I thought I would mention them. For example, I hope there can be real progress made in the next few years when it comes to the protection of our planet from astroids and comets, which have caused massive damage—even extinction—over the last 250 million years. Although we are searching in space near and far for these objects now, we have not organized or put in place the means to divert them or eliminate a threatening object when it is observed heading in our direction. Another common ground issue should be protecting our space assets from orbital debris, which is basically a man made minefield in space. We rely on our spacebased assets for defense, science, farming, a huge portion of our commerce, and even for navigating your car to a local market. There are many other plans for new satellite constellations and new expectations for increased numbers of people visiting space. Thus, we will be expanding, hopefully, observation and monitoring of what is going on with the planet for the benefit of the people of the planet. But none of these uses of space will ever be put to work for bettering our lives unless we deal with the debris issue. If we are not protecting our spacebased assets, we are risking our future, our way of life, our security, and our prosperity. I am sorry we did not get this done. It was a bipartisan effort. We just didn’t get that, among all the things we were working on this Congress. But I hope the next Congress will succeed and will focus on those two issues where we can cooperate in a very bipartisan way. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support the moving forward of S. 1768, the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program Reauthorization Act of 2018. May we always be prepared to deal with natural disasters, thus protecting our people from needless tragedies. We will always live with the potential of a severe earthquake, but we can minimize the loss and suffering. That is what we are doing here with this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to the bill being signed into law by the President by the end of the year, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 1768, the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program Reauthorization Act. This bill will reauthorize seismological research and warning systems through Fiscal Year 2022. Congress established the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program (NEHRP) to carry out a longterm, interagency earthquake research program. NEHRP focuses on earthquake warning, hazard reduction, and minimizing loss after earthquakes. Earthquake early warning systems can provide several additional seconds of warning before the strongest ground shaking arrives, enough to save lives and protect critical infrastructure. In Northwest Oregon, it is not a question of if, but when, an earthquake along the Cascadia Subduction Zone will hit our state. The U.S. Geological Survey, in collaboration with the University of Oregon, the University of Washington, Caltech, and University of California, Berkley, developed ShakeAlert, an early earthquake warning system. The technology has been tested and is proven to work effectively. Federal investments in these programs are critical. Although it is difficult if not impossible to know when and where the next large earthquake will occur, we must do everything that we can to prepare ourselves and our communities to mitigate destruction and save lives. Reauthorizing NEHRP is an important step in recognizing the science behind earthquakes and other natural disasters such as tsunamis and landslides. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1768. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
REDESIGNATING A FACILITY OF THE NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology be discharged from further consideration of the bill (S. 3389) to redesignate a facility of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3389 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REDESIGNATION OF NASA INDEPENDENT VERIFICATION AND VALIDATION FACILITY. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—The National Aeronautics and Space Administration Independent Verification and Validation Facility in Fairmont, West Virginia, is hereby redesignated as the ‘‘Katherine Johnson Independent Verification and Validation Facility’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Katherine Johnson Independent Verification and Validation Facility’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
GLOBAL FRAGILITY AND VIOLENCE REDUCTION ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5273) to reduce global fragility and violence by improving the capacity of the United States to reduce and address the causes of violence, violent conflict, and fragility in pilot countries, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5273 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Global Fragility and Violence Reduction Act of 2018’’. 
Congress finds the following: (1) According to the United Nations, an unprecedented 68.5 million people around the world, the highest level ever recorded, are currently forcibly displaced from their homes. (2) According to the World Bank, violence and violent conflict are now the leading causes of displacement and food insecurity worldwide, driving 80 percent of humanitarian needs, with the same conflicts accounting for the majority of forcibly displaced persons every year since 1991. (3) According to the World Health Organization, preventable forms of violence kill at least 1.4 million people each year. According to the Institute for Economics and Peace, violence containment costs the global economy $14.76 trillion a year, or 12.4 percent of the world’s GDP. If violence were to decrease uniformly across the world by just 10 percent, the global economy would gain $1.48 trillion each year. (4) Violence and violent conflict underpin many of the United States Government’s key national security challenges. Notably, violent conflicts allow for environments in which terrorist organizations recruit and thrive, while the combination of violence, corruption, poverty, poor governance, and underdevelopment often enables transnational gangs and criminal networks to wreak havoc and commit atrocities worldwide. (5) According to new research by the University of Maryland and University of Pittsburgh, exposure to violence increases support for violence and violent extremism. Research increasingly finds exposure to violence as a predictor of future participation in violence, including violent extremism. (6) United States foreign policy and assistance efforts in highly violent and fragile states remain governed by an outdated patchwork of authorities that prioritize responding to immediate needs rather than solving the problems that cause them. (7) Lessons learned over the past 20 years, documented by the 2013 Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction Lessons Learned Study, the 2016 Fragility Study Group report, and the 2018 Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Lessons Learned Study on Stabilization, show that effective, sustained United States efforts to reduce violence and stabilize fragile and violenceaffected states require clearly defined goals and strategies, adequate longterm funding, rigorous and iterative conflict analysis, coordination across the United States Government, including strong civilmilitary coordination, and integration with national and subnational partners, including local civil society organizations, local justice systems, and local governance structures. (8) The ‘‘Stabilization Assistance Review’’ released in 2018 by the Departments of State and Defense and the United States Agency for International Development states, ‘‘The United States has strong national security and economic interests in reducing levels of violence and promoting stability in areas affected by armed conflict.’’ The Review further states, ‘‘Stabilization is an inherently political endeavor that requires aligning U.S. Government efforts—diplomatic engagement, foreign assistance, and defense—toward supporting locally legitimate authorities and systems to peaceably manage conflict and prevent violence.’’. SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to— (1) ensure that all relevant Federal departments and agencies coordinate to achieve coherent, longterm goals for programs designed to prevent violence, stabilize conflict affected areas, and address the longterm causes of violence and fragility, including when implementing the Global Fragility and Violence Reduction Initiative described in section 5(a); (2) seek to improve global, regional, and local coordination of relevant international and multilateral development and donor organizations regarding efforts to prevent violence, stabilize conflictaffected areas, and address the longterm causes of violence and fragility in fragile and violenceaffected countries, and, where practicable and appropriate, align such efforts with multilateral goals and indicators; (3) expand and enhance the effectiveness of United States foreign assistance programs and activities to prevent violence, stabilize conflictaffected areas, and address the long term causes of violence and fragility, including programs intended to improve the indicators described in section 5(d)(1); (4) support the research and development of effective approaches to prevent violence, stabilize conflictaffected areas, and address the longterm causes of violence and fragility; and (5) improve the monitoring, evaluation, learning, and adaptation tools and authorities for relevant Federal departments and agencies working to prevent violence, stabilize conflictaffected areas, and address the longterm causes of violence and fragility. 
SEC. 4. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING ASSISTANCE FOR THE GLOBAL FRAGILITY AND VIOLENCE REDUCTION INITIATIVE. 
It is the sense of Congress that the President, the Secretary of State, the Administrator of USAID, the Secretary of Defense, and the heads of other relevant Federal departments and agencies, should work with Congress to provide sufficient types and levels of funding to— (1) allow for more adaptive program planning and implementation under the initiative and priority country or regional plans required under section 5, including through exemptions from specific and minimum funding levels when such exemptions would make programs better able to respond to monitoring and evaluation or changed circumstances in relevant countries; (2) better integrate conflict and violence reduction activities into other program areas where appropriate; and (3) contribute to the creation of transparent and accountable multilateral funds, initiatives, and strategies to enhance and better coordinate both private and public efforts to prevent violence, stabilize conflict affected areas, and address the longterm causes of violence and fragility. 
SEC. 5. GLOBAL INITIATIVE TO REDUCE FRAGILITY AND VIOLENCE. 
(a) I NITIATIVE .—The Secretary of State, in coordination with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), the Secretary of Defense, and the heads of other relevant Federal departments and agencies, shall establish an interagency initiative, to be referred to as the ‘‘Global Initiative to Reduce Fragility and Violence’’, to prevent violence, stabilize conflictaffected areas, and address the longterm causes of violence and fragility. (b) IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Administrator of USAID, the Secretary of Defense, and the heads of other relevant Federal departments and agencies, shall develop and submit to the appropriate congressional committees an interagency implementation plan for the Global Initiative to Reduce Fragility and Violence established pursuant to subsection (a) that includes the following: (1) Descriptions of the overall goals, objectives, criteria, and metrics guiding the implementation, including with respect to prioritizing countries and measuring progress. (2) A list of the priority countries and regions selected pursuant to subsection (d)(2). (3) Identification of the roles and responsibilities of each participating Federal department or agency, while ensuring that with respect to activities relating to stabilization— (A) the Department of State shall be the overall lead for establishing United States foreign policy and advancing diplomatic and political efforts; (B) USAID shall be the lead implementing agency for development, humanitarian, and related nonsecurity programs; (C) the Department of Defense shall support the activities of the Department of State and USAID as appropriate, including by providing requisite security and reinforcing civilian efforts, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and Administrator of USAID; and (D) other Federal departments and agencies shall support the activities of the Department of State and USAID as appropriate, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and Administrator of USAID. (4) Identification of the authorities, staffing, and other resource requirements needed to effectively implement the initiative. (5) Descriptions of the organizational steps the Department of State, USAID, the Department of Defense, and each other relevant Federal department or agency will take to improve planning, coordination, implementation, monitoring, evaluation, adaptive management, and iterative learning with respect to the programs under such initiative. (6) Descriptions of the steps each relevant Federal department or agency will take to improve coordination and collaboration under such initiative with international development organizations, international donors, multilateral organizations, and the private sector. (7) Descriptions of potential areas of improved public and private sector research and development, including with academic, philanthropic, and civil society organizations, on more effective approaches to preventing violence, stabilizing conflictaffected areas, and addressing the longterm causes of violence and fragility. (8) Plans for regularly evaluating and updating, on an iterative basis— (A) the Global Initiative to Reduce Fragility and Violence; (B) the interagency implementation plan described in this subsection; and (C) the priority country and regional plans described in subsection (c). 
(c) P RIORITY COUNTRY AND REGIONAL  PLANS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Administrator of USAID, the Secretary of Defense, and the heads of other relevant Federal departments and agencies, shall develop and submit to the appropriate congressional committees 10year plans to align and integrate the diplomatic, development, security, and other relevant activities of the United States Government with the initiative required under subsection (a) for each of the priority countries and regions designated pursuant to subsection (d). Such priority country and regional plans shall include: (1) Specific interagency plans for coordination and implementation under the country or regional plan. (2) Descriptions of how and when the relevant goals, objectives, and plans for each priority country or region will be incorporated into relevant United States country plans and strategies, including Department of State Integrated Country Strategies, USAID Country Development Cooperation Strategies, and Department of Defense Campaign Plans, Operational Plans, and Regional Strategies, as well as any equivalent or successor plans or strategies. (3) Interagency plans to ensure that appropriate local actors, including government and civil society entities and organizations led by women, youth, or underrepresented communities, have roles in developing, implementing, monitoring, evaluating, and updating relevant aspects of each such country or regional plan. (4) Clear, transparent, and measurable diplomatic, development, and security benchmarks, timetables, and performance metrics for each such country and region that align with best practices where applicable. (5) Interagency plans for monitoring and evaluation, adaptive management, and iterative learning that provide for regular and iterative policy and program adaptations based on outcomes, lessons learned, and other evidence gathered from each such country or region and across such countries and regions. (6) Descriptions of the available policy tools to prevent violence, stabilize conflict affected areas, and address the longterm causes of violence and fragility in each such country or region. (7) Descriptions of the resources and authorities that would be required for each relevant Federal department or agency to best implement each such country or regional plan, as well as evidencebased iterative updates to such plans. (8) Descriptions of potential areas of improved partnership with respect to such country or region, regarding efforts to prevent violence, stabilize conflictaffected areas, and address the longterm causes of violence and fragility, between the United States Government and— (A) international development organizations; (B) relevant international donors; (C) multilateral organizations; and (D) the private sector. (d) DESIGNATION OF PRIORITY COUNTRIES  
AND REGIONS .—The Secretary of State, in coordination with the Administrator of USAID and the Secretary of Defense and in consultation with the appropriate congressional committees, shall develop a list of candidate countries and regions to be considered for inclusion under the initiative on the basis of— (A) clearly defined indicators of high levels of violence and fragility in such country or region, such as— (i) violence committed by armed groups, genderbased violence, and violence against children and youth; (ii) prevalence of, and citizen support for, adversarial armed groups; (iii) internal and external population displacement; (iv) patterns of human rights violations, including early warning indicators of the commission of genocide or other atrocities; (v) poor governance, pervasive corruption, and political instability; and (vi) vulnerability to current or future transnational threats; and (B) the capacity and opportunity to work across Federal departments and agencies and with local partners and other donors to prevent violence, stabilize conflictaffected areas, and address the longterm causes of violence and fragility with respect to such country or region, including by measurably— (i) improving inclusive, transparent, and accountable power structures, including effective, legitimate, and resilient national and subnational institutions; (ii) improving effective and respected conflict prevention, mitigation, management, and resolution mechanisms; (iii) reducing levels of support among the residents of such country or region for violence, violent extremism, and adversarial armed groups; (iv) ensuring strong foundations for plurality, nondiscrimination, human rights, rule of law, and equal access to justice; (v) addressing political, social, economic, and environmental vulnerabilities, grievances, and conflicts; (vi) ensuring inclusive economic development and enabling business environments; and (vii) improving resilience to transnational stresses and shocks, including from organized crime, violent extremist organizations, and economic and food markets crises. (2) SELECTION OF PRIORITY COUNTRIES AND  
REGIONS .—From among the candidate countries and regions identified pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Administrator of USAID and the Secretary of Defense, shall select certain countries as ‘‘priority countries’’ and certain regions as ‘‘priority regions’’ in a manner that ensures that— (A) countries and regions are selected in a sufficient number and of sufficient diversity to provide indicators of the various drivers and early warnings of violence, conflict, and fragility, as well as best practices for United States efforts to prevent violence, stabilize conflictaffected areas, and address the long term causes of violence and fragility; (B) not fewer than three countries or regions are designated as ‘‘Stabilization Countries’’ or ‘‘Stabilization Regions’’, in which the current levels of violence, violent conflict, or fragility are among the highest in the world; (C) not fewer than three countries or regions are designated as ‘‘Prevention Countries’’ or ‘‘Prevention Regions’’, in which current levels of violence, violent conflict, or fragility are lower than such levels in Stabilization Countries or Stabilization Regions but warning signs for future violence, conflict, or fragility are significant; (D) regions, rather than individual countries, are selected where the threat or spillover of violence, conflict, or fragility threatens the stability of multiple countries within a single geographic region; and (E) the countries and regions selected are in the areas of responsibility of at least three geographic bureaus of the Department of State. (e) STAKEHOLDER CONSULTATION .—The ini tiative required under subsection (a) shall be developed in coordination with representatives of local civil society and national and local governance entities, as well as relevant international development organizations, multilateral organizations, donors, and relevant private, academic, and philanthropic entities, as appropriate. (f) CONGRESSIONAL CONSULTATION .—The Secretary of State, the Administrator of USAID, and the Secretary of Defense shall provide regular briefings on the implementation of this Act to any appropriate congressional committee upon the request of such committee. (g) MEASURING VIOLENCE , V IOLENT CONFLICT , AND FRAGILITY .—For the purposes of implementing, monitoring, and evaluating the effectiveness of the priority country and regional plans required under subsection (c), progress towards preventing violence, stabilizing conflictaffected areas, and addressing the longterm causes of violence and fragility shall be measured by indicators established for each such country by relevant interagency country teams for each such country, informed by consultations with the stakeholders specified in subsection (e). 
SEC. 6. IMPLEMENTATION AND UPDATES OF PRIORITY COUNTRY AND REGIONAL PLANS. 
The Secretary of State, in coordination with the Administrator of USAID, the Secretary of Defense, and the heads of other relevant Federal departments and agencies, and in consultation with the relevant United States Ambassadors, USAID Mission Directors, geographic Combatant Commanders, and other relevant individuals with responsibility over activities in each priority country or region designated pursuant to section 5, shall ensure that— (1) the Global Initiative to Reduce Fragility and Violence and the priority country and regional plans required under such section are implemented, updated, and coordinated on a regular and iterative basis; (2) such initiative and country and regional plans are used to guide United States Government policy at a senior level and incorporated into relevant strategies and plans across the United States Government and in each such country; (3) resources for all relevant activities and requirements of such initiative and country and regional plans are prioritized, requested, and used consistent with such initiative and country and regional plans; and (4) the results of program monitoring and evaluation under such initiative and country and regional plans are regularly reviewed and used to determine continuation, modification, or termination of future year programming. 
(a) B IENNIAL REPORTS .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act and every two years thereafter until the date that is 10 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, the Administrator of USAID, the Secretary of Defense, and the heads of other relevant Federal departments and agencies shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on progress made and lessons learned with respect to the Global Initiative to Reduce Fragility and Violence and each priority country or regional plan required under section 5, including— (1) descriptions of steps taken to incorporate such initiative and such country or regional plans into relevant strategies and plans that affect such countries or regions; (2) accountings of all funding received and obligated to implement each such country or regional plan during the past two years, as well as funding requested, planned, and projected for the following two years; 
(3) descriptions of progress made towards the goals and objectives established for each such priority country or region, including progress made towards achieving the specific targets, metrics, and indicators described in section 5(b); and (4) descriptions of updates made during the past two years to the goals, objectives, plans of action, and other elements described in section 5 for each such country or regional plan, as well as any changes made to programs based on the results of monitoring and evaluation. (b) CONGRESSIONAL CONSULTATION .—In ad dition to the reports required under subsection (a), the Secretary of State, the Administrator of USAID, the Secretary of Defense, and the heads of other relevant Federal departments and agencies shall jointly consult with the appropriate congressional committees at least once a year regarding progress made on the initiative and priority country and regional plans required under section 5. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act and every two years thereafter until the date that is 10 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall consult with the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Foreign Relations Committee of the Senate and the Foreign Affairs Committee of the House of Representatives regarding opportunities for independent review of the activities under the Global Initiative to Reduce Fragility and Violence and the priority country and regional plans required by section 5, including— (1) opportunities to— (A) assess the extent to which United States Government activities in each priority country designated pursuant to section 5 are being implemented in accordance with the initiative and the relevant country or regional plan required under such section; (B) assess the processes and procedures for coordinating among and within each relevant Federal department or agency when implementing such initiative and each such country or regional plan; (C) assess the monitoring and evaluation efforts under such initiative and each such country or regional plan, including assessments of the progress made and lessons learned with respect to each such plan, as well as any changes made to activities based on the results of such monitoring and evaluation; and (D) recommend changes necessary to better implement United States Government activities in accordance with such initiative and country and regional plans, as well as recommendations for any changes to such initiative or plans; and (2) such other matters the Comptroller General determines to be appropriate. (b) AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION .—All rel evant Federal departments and agencies shall make all relevant data, documents, and other information available to the Comptroller General for purposes of conducting independent reviews pursuant to this section. 
In this Act— (1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committees on Foreign Relations, Armed Services, and Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Armed Services, and Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) RELEVANT FEDERAL DEPARTMENT OR  
AGENCY .—The term ‘‘relevant Federal department or agency’’ means the Department of the Treasury and any other Federal department or agency the President determines is relevant to carry out the purposes of this Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, since the horrific attacks of September 11, 2001, the United States has committed lives and treasure to help stabilize countries plagued by conflict and insecurity. We undertake these efforts because unchecked instability abroad threatens our economic, humanitarian, and security interests here at home. Of course, the United States cannot achieve its objectives alone. We need to coordinate with willing and able partners. We need to engage local leaders, empower civil society, and work with the private sector. We need to improve coordination among our own national security agencies to ensure they are working together to advance clearly defined objectives and eliminate duplication and waste. Through this process, they learn and adapt. Last June, the Department of State, the U.S. Agency for International Development, and the Department of Defense released a security assistance review that set out a framework to improve U.S. security assistance programs, including stabilization. The legislation we are considering today builds on that effort. This legislation requires the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Administrator of USAID, the Secretary of Defense, and the heads of other relevant Federal departments and agencies, to develop a comprehensive initiative to address global violence and instability. Within 6 months, the Secretary of State will submit to Congress an implementation plan that sets out clear goals and objectives, identifies priority countries and regions, defines the roles and responsibilities of each U.S. department and agency, and describes efforts to improve coordination and private sector engagement. Then, building off that initial survey, the Secretary will submit to Congress a 10year implementation plan for each identified priority country and region that aligns the diplomatic, development, and security activities of the United States. Mr. Speaker, this is a timely bill that will help ensure the effective use of U.S. foreign assistance, reduce violence and insecurity abroad, and keep America safe. It enjoys bipartisan support. And it just makes sense. I would like to thank the sponsors— Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL ; the chairman of the Terrorism, Nonproliferation and Trade Subcommittee, TEDPOE; the chairman of the Homeland Security Committee, MIKE MCCAUL; BILLKEATING of Massachusetts—and their bipartisan cosponsors for their work on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. I am proud to have authored this bipartisan piece of legislation, and I thank Chairman ROYCE for his leadership in bringing it to the floor. I also want to thank Congressmen POE, MCCAUL, KEATING , and A DAM SMITH for joining me as original cosponsors. Around the world, levels of violence are at a 25year high, driving massive instability. This is a global security threat, as fragile, unstable states are breeding grounds for criminals and terrorists. There is a significant economic toll as well. Violence and instability undercut American investment and development efforts, and cost the global economy nearly $15 trillion a year. But probably worst of all, this violence and instability has created a humanitarian catastrophe. The world now faces an unprecedented refugee crisis: 68.5 million people have left their homes. This is the highest level ever recorded. Naturally, we need to do more to end this violence and instability, and prevent it from happening in the first place. Over the years, we have learned a lot about what works to stabilize conflicts and prevent violence from breaking out. We need to update our government policies to implement those lessons. This bill does just that by establishing an initiative to reduce fragility and violence, and to align American policy and programs with best practices. It will require the State Department, USAID, and the Department of Defense to coordinate their diplomatic, development, and security activities, with a focus on at least six priority countries or regions. It also requires innovative approaches to coordinate our work with partners, measure results, and adapt to changing conditions. Finally, it mandates robust oversight to ensure our efforts are implemented effectively. b1645 The Global Fragility and Violence Reduction Act is an important step in thwarting many of the most devastating crises facing the world right 
now and preventing new ones from emerging in the future. I am very happy to have authored this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to join me in passing it today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas, Judge TEDPOE, chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I want to express my strong support for this legislation of which I am an original cosponsor. I was proud to work alongside Ranking Member ENGEL , Mr. ADAM SMITH, Mr. M CCAUL, and Representative KEATING on this legislation. Around the globe today, Mr. Speaker, fractured nations are struggling with conflict, violence, and a range of other challenges that degrade security and prevent their internal development. Weak states and ungoverned places anywhere in the world provide opportunities for terrorism and instability to flourish. As a result, these fragile states become national security concerns for our country. Mr. Speaker, we need to solve problems in a smarter way so we don’t have to constantly deploy America’s sons and daughters into harm’s way to fight more foreign wars. The United States has been at war consistently for over 17 straight years. Maybe it is time we rethink our philosophy of constant military involvement throughout the globe as a first response to turmoil and unrest. We need to address the underlying root causes of instability: treat the disease, not just the symptoms. That is what this bill will do. It will require the development of a wholeofgovernment approach to targeting root causes of instability and conflict in the world’s most fragile regions before they require military interventions by the United States. Instead of parallel efforts that often respond to conflict with shortterm solutions, this bill will require long term, coordinated strategies that make our foreign assistance dollars more effective. It will allow Congress to have more oversight of those foreign aid dollars. The money we spend abroad must be designed to solve problems, not endlessly consume resources by military conflict. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Ranking Member ENGEL for his leadership on this critical issue. I do urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I also want to take a moment to thank Ranking Member ENGEL for his friendship and support and his work on the Foreign Affairs Committee since I have been on the committee. I also want to thank Chairman ROYCE , who will also be leaving Congress at the end of this session, for his work. As we have said numerous times, if more committees would work in a bipartisan way to solve a specific goal— the longterm interests of the United States being that goal—I think things would be better here in the House. But I want to thank both of these Members for their relationship with me and for working so hard to help America solve these international problems in a bipartisan way. And that is just the way it is. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) who just spoke, I think it is very appropriate now, as the Congress is moving to an end, to thank him for his hard work and for his good friendship. He really is a Member’s Member and is really indicative of the bipartisan showing that we had for many, many years on the Foreign Affairs Committee. We are going to miss the gentleman on the committee, and we hope he will continue to watch us and call us and keep in touch with us because he truly is a fine Member and someone whom I am really proud to call my friend. And if I may so say, and that is just the way it is. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL), chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security and a senior member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bill I wrote with Mr. ENGEL , my good friend, the Global Fragility and Violence Reduction Act. Mr. Speaker, one of our greatest national security challenges is preventing violent conflict around the world. Violent conflict creates hostile environments and displaces and deprives citizens. It costs the global economy over $14 trillion annually. They also provide fertile recruiting grounds for terrorist groups and transnational criminal organizations, which I have tracked in my role as chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security. Often, these environments thrive in states that are fragile, where the government loses legitimacy in the eyes of its own people and, ultimately, its ability to govern. When ignored, these breakdowns in a government ultimately can lead to lengthy and costly involvement by the United States. That is why, today, Congressman ENGEL and I are proposing an innovative, new way of thinking about these challenges. The Global Fragility and Violence Reduction Act requires the administration to launch an initiative to reduce this fragility and violence. This will guide our efforts to reduce violent conflict and help fragile states down a path towards stability. This bill also requires the Department of State, in coordination with USAID and the Department of Defense, to identify 10 countries or regions as a pilot program to start this new initiative. This initiative ensures local partnerships are at the core of any solution in order to deliver better longterm results. Since each fragile state is different, this initiative is flexible to address the causes of fragility. What may work to solve the economic and migration issues of Venezuela are likely to be different than the solutions needed to help curb terrorist groups in west Africa. By integrating the Department of State, USAID, and DOD together and prioritizing, we are reshaping how we think about how we deliver aid and development resources, preventing them from spiraling into chaos. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank, again, the ranking member; I would like to thank Chairman ROYCE for his friendship, as well as Mr. POEand Mr. SMITH; and I hope everybody will attend the chairman’s portrait unveiling at the National Archives this evening. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank the bipartisan group of lawmakers who worked with me on this bill—Mr. POE, Mr. M CCAUL—and I thank Chairman ROYCE for his leadership, as always. After 17 years of war with no end in sight, we should all be able to understand the value of preventing conflicts before they start. We have learned a lot about what works and what doesn’t when it comes to stabilizing conflicts and preventing violence from breaking out. This bill applies those lessons to American policy. By addressing the root causes of violence, we get closer to a safer and more stable, prosperous world. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support the passage of this measure. I encourage my colleagues to do the same, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, let me begin by thanking Mr. ENGEL , the author of this measure, and I express my deep appreciation for his help in all that we have undertaken with our committee. There are, as ELIOT knows, 70 million men, women, and children who have been displaced by conflict around this globe. While the United States is the most generous provider of humanitarian assistance, it is really true that no amount of tents and sheeting will stop the suffering and the misery that these people feel. We need solutions to get at the roots of these problems, and the legislation we are considering today helps us down the right path to do that. While it does not obligate the United States to take on stabilization efforts, it does provide the framework for improved coordination so that we can be more strategic, more efficient, and more effective with our diplomatic development and security assistance. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5273, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
UNITED STATESMEXICO ECONOMIC PARTNERSHIP ACT Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1567) to promote economic partnership and cooperation between the United States and Mexico, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1567 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United StatesMexico Economic Partnership Act’’. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The United States and Mexico have benefitted from a bilateral, mutually beneficial partnership focused on advancing the economic interests of both countries. (2) In 2013, Mexico adopted major energy reforms that opened its energy sector to private investment, increasing energy cooperation between Mexico and the United States and opening new opportunities for United States energy engagement. (3) On January 18, 2018, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Educational and Cultural Affairs at the Department of State stated, ‘‘Our exchange programs build enduring relationships and networks to advance U.S. national interests and foreign policy goals. . . The role of our exchanges. . . in advancing U.S. national security and economic interests enjoys broad bipartisan support from Congress and other stakeholders, and provides a strong return on investment.’’. (4) According to the Institute of International Education, in the 20152016 academic year, more than 56,000 United States students studied in other countries in the Western Hemisphere region while more than 84,000 nonUnited States students from the region studied in the United States, but only 5,000 of those United States students studied in Mexico and only 16,000 of those nonUnited States students were from Mexico. (5) In March 2011, the United States launched the 100,000 Strong in the Americas Initiative, which seeks to increase educational exchanges between the United States and other countries in the Western Hemisphere region so that 100,000 United States students are studying in other countries in the Western Hemisphere region and 100,000 nonUnited States students from the region are studying in the United States per year by 2020. (6) In January 2014, the United States established the 100,000 Strong in the Americas Innovation Fund, which seeks to realize the goals of the 100,000 Strong in the Americas Initiative by facilitating a publicprivate partnership between the Department of State and nongovernmental organizations, corporations, and universities in the United States and other countries of the Western Hemisphere region. (7) To date, the 100,000 Strong in the Americas Innovation Fund has awarded more than 100 grants to more than 250 higher education institutions from 25 countries in the Western Hemisphere region, and has raised $9,000,000 in investments, 75 percent of which was from corporations, foundations, and regional governments. SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States— (1) to continue deepening economic cooperation between the United States and Mexico; and (2) to seek to prioritize and expand educational and professional exchange programs with Mexico, including through the framework of the 100,000 Strong in the Americas Initiative. 
SEC. 4. STRATEGY TO PRIORITIZE AND EXPAND EDUCATIONAL AND PROFESSIONAL EXCHANGE PROGRAMS WITH MEXICO. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall develop a strategy to carry out the policy described in section 3, to include prioritizing and expanding educational and professional exchange programs with Mexico through the framework of the 100,000 Strong in the Americas Initiative. (b) ELEMENTS .—The strategy required under subsection (a) shall— (1) encourage more academic exchanges between the United States and Mexico at the secondary, postsecondary, and postgraduate levels, especially with communities and through academic institutions in the covered United StatesMexico border region; (2) encourage United States and Mexican academic institutions and businesses to collaborate to assist prospective and developing entrepreneurs in strengthening their business skills and promoting cooperation and joint business initiatives across the United States and Mexico, with a focus on initiatives in the covered United StatesMexico border region; (3) promote energy infrastructure coordination and cooperation through support of vocationallevel education, internships, and exchanges between the United States and Mexico, particularly in the region in which the Eagle Ford Shale is located and in proximity to such region; and (4) assess the feasibility of fostering partnerships between universities in the United States and medical school and nursing programs in Mexico to ensure that medical school and nursing programs in Mexico have comparable accreditation standards as medical school and nursing programs in the United States by the Accreditation and Standards in Foreign Medical Education, in addition to the Accreditation Commission For Education in Nursing, so that medical students can pass medical licensing board exams, and nursing students can pass nursing licensing exams, in the United States. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to Congress a report on the strategy required under subsection (a). 
STRONG IN THE AMERICAS INITIA TIVE.—The term ‘‘100,000 Strong in the Americas Initiative’’ means the initiative established in March 2011 by the United States Government to increase educational exchanges in the Western Hemisphere. (2) COVERED UNITED STATES MEXICO BORDER  
REGION .—The term ‘‘covered United States Mexico border region’’ means those portions of the United States and Mexico that are within 100 kilometers of the international boundary between those countries. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Representative CUELLAR and Representative CASTRO as well as the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. ENGEL , and the chairman of the Homeland Security Committee, MIKEMCCAUL, for their work on the legislation that we are considering here today. The United States and Mexico share strong economic and cultural ties. As our neighbor to the south, a strong, stable Mexico benefits the United States. Realizing this, we already have many professional and educational exchanges between our two countries to help see that young people in Mexico graduate from school and enter the workforce with the skills, the credentials, and the experience that they need in the 21st century. In the 2015–2016 school year, 5,000 U.S. students studied abroad in Mexico while 16,000 Mexican students studied in the U.S. They did this through various exchange programs. These are good numbers, true, but more can be done to ensure that our young people are taking advantage of existing opportunities to study in both countries, and this bill builds on existing programs to expand and strengthen these exchanges. In particular, the bill focuses on exchanges in four important areas, and these are higher education, medical school, entrepreneurship, and the energy sector. These are all areas from which the U.S. and Mexico stand to mutually benefit from greater cooperation. There are, of course, areas in which the U.S.Mexico relationship can improve. For example, Mexico needs to do more to combat the rampant corruption that has taken its toll on its citizens’ trust. But this does not mean that our two countries cannot work together to ensure a brighter, more successful future for young people in both of our countries. Educational and professional exchanges are key to that goal, so I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this measure. This is a good bill. I 
thank its authors and Chairman R OYCE  for bringing it forward. I will discuss its merits in a moment because I can’t, in good conscience, stand on the House floor and talk about our economic partnership with Mexico and not speak for a moment on what is happening right now on our southern border. The President tweeted that the migrants seeking asylum in our country are stonecold criminals. I have seen the images, and I don’t see stonecold criminals. I see children with bare feet. I see hungry mothers. I see toddlers in diapers. I see desperate fathers. And I see tear gas being lobbed from the United States into Mexico. The President says not to worry. He says it is a very safe sort of tear gas. The American people aren’t stupid. The American people know what this country stands for. They know we are a nation of immigrants. They know that America doesn’t kick people when they are down or slam the door on those fleeing poverty and violence. I hope the President gets the message. Now, the measure before us deals with our incredibly important relationship with our neighbor to the south, Mexico. Mexico is our close friend and ally, our third largest trading partner, and a country with which we share extraordinarily close cultural and person toperson ties. This bill builds on the Obama administration’s 100,000 Strong in the Americas initiative by requiring the Secretary of State to expand the exchange programs that allow our students and business leaders to share and learn from each other. There is no better way to advance the future of our bilateral ties than by allowing young people and professionals to experience what makes each of our countries unique. It is also critical that we send a strong message to the Mexican people that the United States Congress will not walk away from them, despite any damage done to our relationship over the past several years. As I have said many times in the Foreign Affairs Committee and on the House floor, the United States should be in the business of building bridges, not walls, to our friends in Mexico. The timing of this legislation could not be more ideal. b1700 Mr. Speaker, 4 days from now, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador will be sworn in as President of Mexico. By passing this measure today, the House of Representatives is recommitting itself to our bilateral relationship. We are sending a loud and clear message that the prosperity of our countries’ futures depends on an enduring U.S. Mexico relationship. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ), the author of this bill. Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member, Mr. ENGEL , for yielding to me and also for his leadership in helping to bring this bill to the floor. I thank him and his staff for the wonderful work that they have done. I also thank Chairman ROYCE and his staff for their leadership. I, with both Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL , spoke a lot about this bill and why it is important that we pass this particular bill. I thank my colleagues, Representative CASTRO and Representative P OE, who helped on this bill. I thank them for their work on the committee, and also Representative MCCAUL for signing on as a bipartisan measure. In fact, in the next few days, on Friday, Representative MCCAUL, myself, and a delegation will be going over to Mexico for the swearing in. I think this is a very appropriate time, as Mr. ENGEL mentioned, to have this bill to send this positive message. This bill is important in many ways. It is bipartisan legislation that promotes mutual national security interests and economic partnership and cooperation between the United States and Mexico, with a focus on the energy, health, entrepreneurship, and education sectors. Mexico is one of the United States’ top trading partners, with an estimated $615 billion in twoway trade between those two countries, which means that every day there is more than $1.3 billion of trade between the U.S. and Mexico. That means that every single minute you are talking about more than $1 million of trade between the U.S. and Mexico, and this is why it is very important to have this type of relationship. As the chairman mentioned a few minutes ago, in the 2015–2016 academic year, according to the Institute of International Education, more than 56,000 United States students studied in other countries in the Western Hemisphere, while more than 84,000 nonU.S. students from that region studied in the U.S. However, there are only 5,000 of those United States students who studied in Mexico, and only 16,000 of those non U.S. students were from Mexico. This is why we need to do more to increase our educational exchange with our very important trading partner. Specifically, this bill establishes that it should be the policy of the United States to continue deepening the economic cooperation between the United States and Mexico and to expand the educational and professional exchange programs with our neighbors to the south. In order to do this, it would require the Secretary of State to develop a strategy that: One, encourages more economic exchanges between the two countries at the secondary, postsecondary, and postgraduate levels, especially with communities in the southern border region; Two, encourages the United States and Mexican academic institutions and businesses to collaborate to train aspiring entrepreneurs; Three, promotes energy infrastructure coordination and cooperation through the support of vocational education, internships, and exchanges between both countries; and Four, assesses the feasibility of fostering binational partnerships between universities and medical school and nursing programs, and that is a natural fit that we can do with that particular neighbor to the south. So, again, if we increase economic exchanges at universities that we have in Texas and across California and New Mexico and Arizona and other parts, that basically means that we will better prepare our students for success in the workplace and increase job opportunities for those areas and the small businesses along the border. Again, to conclude, I thank the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Chairman EDROYCE . He is very passionate about Mexico, and I thank him for that passion. I thank Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL again. He is very passionate. I think this is something that we feel is very important about Mexico, and I thank him for advancing this bill through the committee. And, again, to the staff, both on the Republican side and on the Democratic side, I thank them. So, to conclude, I encourage my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation, and I look forward to seeing this bill pass into law. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I close by again emphasizing the importance of the U.S.Mexico relationship. For so many years, this relationship was characterized by mistrust. That has changed over the past two decades. As just one example, bilateral cooperation on counternarcotics is now the norm and led to the extradition of drug kingpin El Chapo Guzman to the United States in the last hours of the Obama administration. He is on trial now in an American court. Mr. Speaker, 20 years ago, it would have been hard to imagine coming to the House floor in support of a bipartisan bill on educational exchanges with Mexico. Now a bill like this will glide through the House with little opposition. But we cannot take this cooperation for granted. Far too much is at stake to allow the bilateral relationship between the United States and Mexico to deteriorate. There is a new government, a new leader of Mexico coming in, and I hope we can very swiftly establish the good relationship that our two countries have and not dwell on some of the recent discussions and problems involving a wall or anything else. 
So I thank my colleagues for joining me in supporting this legislation to double down on the successes in the U.S.Mexico partnership. I thank Chairman ROYCE , I thank the sponsors of this bill, I thank Mr. CUELLAR , and I thank all our colleagues for supporting this bill. I urge its immediate passage. The U.S.Mexico partnership is one of our most important partnerships, and the House of Representatives ought to be doing everything it can to enhance that relationship, and that is one of the things we are doing by passing this bill today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like to again stress that this is one of America’s most important relationships. I would also like to stress my appreciation for the work of Congressman HENRY CUELLAR not just on this bill, but on the overall relationship with Mexico. I have had the opportunity to work with him in the past. I know his passion on this, and I appreciate his effectiveness. I thank Representative CASTRO as well, and, of course, the ranking member of this committee, Mr. ENGEL . And I should mention the work, also, of the chairman of our Homeland Security Committee, MIKE MCCAUL. They all worked on the legislation we are considering today. I think that educational and professional exchanges really allow young American and Mexican students and young professionals the chance to not only experience a new culture for them, but also to ensure that our young people graduate from school and enter the workforce with the skills, the credentials, the experience, and the knowledge also about our neighbors, the knowledge they need in the 21st century. I urge all of my colleagues to join us in supporting this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1567, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PREVENTING DESTABILIZATION OF IRAQ ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4591) to impose sanctions with respect to Iranian persons that threaten the peace or stability of Iraq or the Government of Iraq, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4591 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Preventing Destabilization of Iraq Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO FOREIGN PERSONS THREATENING PEACE OR STABILITY IN IRAQ. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of State should continue to implement Executive Order 13438 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of certain persons who threaten stabilization efforts in Iraq). (b) IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .—The President shall impose the sanctions described in subsection (c) with respect to any foreign person that the President determines knowingly commits a significant act of violence that has the direct purpose or effect of— (1) threatening the peace or stability of Iraq or the Government of Iraq; (2) undermining the democratic process in Iraq; or (3) undermining significantly efforts to promote economic reconstruction and political reform in Iraq or to provide humanitarian assistance to the Iraqi people. (c) SANCTIONS DESCRIBED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The sanctions described in this subsection are the following: (A) ASSET BLOCKING .—The exercise of all powers granted to the President by the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) to the extent necessary to block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of a foreign person determined by the President to be subject to subsection (b) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (B) ALIENS INELIGIBLE FOR VISAS , ADMIS SION, OR PAROLE .— (i) VISAS, ADMISSION , OR PAROLE .—An alien who the Secretary of State or the Secretary of Homeland Security (or a designee of one of such Secretaries) determines is subject to subsection (b) is— (I) inadmissible to the United States; (II) ineligible to receive a visa or other documentation to enter the United States; and (III) otherwise ineligible to be admitted or paroled into the United States or to receive any other benefit under the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). (ii) CURRENT VISAS REVOKED .— (I) IN GENERAL .—Any visa or other documentation issued to an alien who is a foreign person that is described in subsection (b) regardless of when such visa or other documentation was issued, shall be revoked and such alien shall be denied admission to the United States. (II) EFFECT OF REVOCATION .—A revocation under subclause (I) shall take effect immediately and shall automatically cancel any other valid visa or entry documentation that is in the alien’s possession. (2) PENALTIES .—A person that is subject to sanctions described in paragraph (1)(A) shall be subject to the penalties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same extent as a person that commits an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of that section. (3) EXCEPTION TO COMPLY WITH UNITED NA TIONS HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Sanctions under paragraph (1)(B) shall not apply to an alien if admitting the alien into the United States is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, between the United Nations and the United States, or other applicable international obligations. (d) WAIVER .—The President may, on a case bycase basis and for periods not to exceed 180 days, waive the application of sanctions in this section with respect to a foreign person if the President certifies to the appropriate congressional committees at least 15 days before such waiver is to take effect that such waiver is vital to the national security interests of the United States. (e) IMPLEMENTATION AUTHORITY .—The President may exercise all authorities provided to the President under sections 203 and 205 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) for purposes of carrying out this section. (f) REGULATORY AUTHORITY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The President shall, not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, promulgate regulations as necessary for the implementation of this section. (2) NOTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—Not less than 10 days before the promulgation of regulations under paragraph (1), the President shall notify and provide to the appropriate congressional committees the proposed regulations and the provisions of this section that the regulations are implementing. (g) DEFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) ADMITTED ; ALIEN .—The terms ‘‘admitted’’ and ‘‘alien’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 101(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(3)). (2) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Ways and Means, and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. (3) FOREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘‘foreign person’’ means a person that is not a United States person. (4) GOVERNMENT OF IRAQ .—The term ‘‘Government of Iraq’’ has the meaning given that term in section 576.310 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on June 22, 2016. (5) KNOWINGLY .—The term ‘‘knowingly’’, with respect to conduct, a circumstance, or a result, means that a person has actual knowledge, or should have known, of the conduct, the circumstance, or the result. (6) PERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ has the meaning given that term in section 576.311 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on June 22, 2016. (7) PROPERTY ; PROPERTY INTEREST .—The terms ‘‘property’’ and ‘‘property interest’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 576.312 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on June 22, 2016. (8) UNITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ has the meaning given that term in section 576.317 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on June 22, 2016. (h) SUNSET .—This section shall cease to be effective beginning on January 1, 2022. 
SEC. 3. DETERMINATION WITH RESPECT TO THE IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS. 
(a) D ETERMINATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the 
appropriate congressional committees a determination, including a detailed justification, on whether Asa’ib Ahl alHaq, Harakat Hizballah alNujaba, Liwa Fatemiyoun, Liwa Zainebiyoun, and any foreign person that is an official, agent, affiliate of, or owned or controlled by Asa’ib Ahl alHaq, Harakat Hizballah alNujaba, Liwa Fatemiyoun, or Liwa Zainebiyoun meets the criteria for— (1) designation as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); (2) the application of sanctions pursuant to Executive Order 13224 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property and prohibiting transactions with persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism); or (3) the application of sanctions pursuant to section 2 of this Act. (b) ADDITIONAL DETERMINATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall include in the determination submitted under subsection (a) an additional determination, including a detailed justification, on whether any of the individuals described in paragraph (2) meets the criteria for the application of sanctions described in paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (a). (2) INDIVIDUALS DESCRIBED .—The individuals described in this paragraph are the following: (A) Qais alKhazali. (B) Laith alKhazali. (C) Akram Abbas alKaabi. (D) Shibl alZaydi. (E) Kazim alTa’i. (F) Hamid alJazairi. (G) Ali alYasiri. (c) FORM.—The determination in subsection (a) and the additional determination in subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. (d) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Financial Services, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall annually establish, maintain, and publish a list of armed groups, militias, or proxy forces in Iraq receiving logistical, military, or financial assistance from Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps or over which Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps exerts any form of control or influence. (b) PUBLICATION .—The lists required under subsection (a) shall be published at the same time as the Department of State’s Annual Country Reports on Terrorism, beginning with the first such Country Reports published after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) FORM.—If the Secretary of State determines that it is appropriate to do so, the Secretary may, not later than 30 days after publication of the Annual Country Reports on Terrorism referred to in subsection (b), submit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a classified annex. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume Mr. Speaker, this past September, thousands of Iraqis protested throughout the south of the country calling for Iran to stop meddling in their democracy. Yet, as these protesters shouted out, ‘‘Iran out,’’ their pleas were met with bullets by militias funded by and commanded by Iranians. This latest bout of violence in Iraq is not surprising. Iran has used the fight against ISIS as an excuse to expand its footprint inside Iraq and to fund tens of thousands of militia forces. Even as ISIS has receded in Iraq, Iranian backed militias have continued to expand throughout the country and to expand into Syria, where these militias have helped the brutal Assad regime commit countless war crimes. These Iranianbacked militias not only threaten the Syrian and Iraqi people, they also pose a serious threat to U.S. personnel serving overseas, and I will tell you why. Mr. Speaker, 2 months ago, one of these militias launched mortars at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad, prompting a stern warning from the administration that the U.S. will hold the Iranian regime accountable for any attack by these militias against any U.S. personnel or U.S. Government facility. These militias also pose a direct threat to Israel. Some have formed a socalled Golan Liberation Brigade, with the explicit intent to attack Israel. The U.N. Ambassador, Nikki Haley, has cited reports alleging that Iran has begun transferring ballistic missiles to these militias that are in Iraq. Despite all this, many of these Iranianbacked militias have not been designated as terrorist organizations nor are they otherwise subject to U.S. sanctions, despite being affiliates of Iran’s Revolutionary Guard. This oversight could allow these militias to access the U.S. financial system. Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan legislation will allow support and it will bring that support to democracy in Iraq, and it will counter Iran’s deadly influence there. This bill is narrowly tailored to go after those militias directly funded and commanded by the IRGC—the same militias that have attacked our soldiers; the same militias that continue to threaten those in the region. I am pleased that this bill also includes provisions to establish a watch list of Iranianbacked militias in Iraq, which will allow Congress to continually monitor Iran’s activity in the country, including new militias which may emerge in the future. The Iraqi people deserve and want genuine political reform and democracy, and above all else, they want peace. This cannot happen so long as Iran continues to fund and command militias within Iraq. Empowering Iranian militias is a step backwards for Iraq. Instead, it would introduce the Hezbollah model and all the chaos that goes along with it. Iranian influence will only perpetuate the cycle of violence and increase the sectarian polarization, once again creating the conditions for the reemergence of ISIS, alQaida, and other radical Islamist groups. For all these reasons, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, November 27, 2018. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : I write with respect to H.R. 4591, the ‘‘Preventing Iranian Destabilization of Iraq Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 4591 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I forego any further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 4591 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and that our committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 4591 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, November 27, 2018. Hon. BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4591, the Preventing Iranian Destabilization of Iraq Act, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in 
the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 4591 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, November 26, 2018. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I write to you regarding H.R. 4591, the ‘‘Preventing Iranian Destabilization of Iraq Act of 2017’’, which the Committee on Ways and Means has jurisdictional interest. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 4591 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, including asset blocking, I agree to waive formal consideration of this bill. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your support for such request. I would appreciate your response confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 4591 and ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of the bill on the House floor. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, November 27, 2018. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to forgo a sequential referral request on H.R. 4591, the Preventing Iranian Destabilization of Iraq Act, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 4591 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
b1715 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, and I thank Representatives KINZINGER , POE, and S UOZZI for their bipartisan leadership on this legislation. And, of course, I thank Chairman ROYCE for working with me to get this legislation into shape for the floor. The vision that Democrats and Republicans have for Iraq is very similar. We all want to see Iraqis work together to provide for a more prosperous future for their country. We want the greatest number of Iraqis to access the wealth of their country’s natural resources. We want to see Iraqis focus more on what unites them than what divides them. We want to prevent the resurgence of ISIS and the next generation of ISIS or alQaida. We want to protect religious minorities. That is why it is so important to bring this legislation to the floor today. That is why Republicans and Democrats worked together to find common ground on American policies in Iraq. Especially after the Iraqi election, when it remains unclear which path Iraq will choose, we want to demonstrate to the Iraqi people that we support their efforts to build a better country. This bill penalizes those who want to exploit Iraq’s sectarian differences and those who use violence toward those ends. It also establishes a separate watch list to help keep track of proxy groups in Iraq that are doing the bidding of Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. It sends the message that those in power must prioritize answering to the Iraqi people and not to Iran. We hope that this legislation will empower those who seek a better future for Iraq and its people. I am glad to support H.R. 4591, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KINZINGER ). A member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, he is the author of this bill, and his service to our Nation includes the time he spent as an Air Force pilot serving in Iraq and in Afghanistan. Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding and for his many years of service. I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4591, the Preventing Destabilization of Iraq of 2018, which I introduced with my colleague, Representative SUOZZI . Since the toppling of Saddam Hussein, Iran has been working to gain access and influence in Iraq by dismantling American efforts to stabilize the country and the region. It is abundantly clear that Iran is working to gain influence in Iraq to further their radical agenda, and we must do everything in our power to counter their tyrannical regime and provide hope for the Iraqi people. I am troubled by the growing influence of Iranianbacked Popular Mobilization Forces, which are being set up as a parallel military structure to undermine the Iraqi security forces. Just this week, we saw the head of a powerful PMF, which would be sanctioned under this legislation, demanding that the Iraqi Government allow these militias to secure the border with Syria. Not only would this legitimize the PMF, but it would also give the Iranians one of their greatest desires, a secure land bridge to supply weapons and troops from Tehran to the Mediterranean. Over the past few months, we have seen the security situation in Iraq slip further into despair. The U.S. compounds in Baghdad and Basra were attacked by Iranianbacked groups, resulting in the latter shutting its doors. I believe retreating will only hurt the Iraqis and make the region a more dangerous place, a lesson that we have already learned once. Following the elections in Iraq this year, we saw Iranian proxies and militias, as well as Iraqis working on behalf of the Iranians, attempting to form a coalition government in Baghdad. This act, which passed the committee unanimously, would impose sanctions on Iranians or any other person who threatens the peace and stability of Iraq. It will also sanction several terrorist organizations, as well as their leaders, many of which are trained and funded by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps. Passage of this legislation ensures that the Iranians are not given a free pass to meddle in the affairs of the Iraqi people. I thank all my colleagues for their work on this legislation. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is now my pleasure to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. SUOZZI ), an original cosponsor of the bill. Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member ENGEL and Chairman ROYCE for their bipartisan cooperation in this committee, and I thank Representative KINZINGER for his leadership on promoting stability in the Middle East overall. Mr. Speaker, I stand in support of the bipartisan H.R. 4591, the Preventing Destabilization of Iraq Act of 2018. At the 2018 United Nations General Assembly, Iranian President Rouhani spoke against foreign interventions and impositions of ‘‘alien wishes of the people of the region.’’ Iran’s Foreign Minister Javad Zarif complained about countries that support ‘‘nonstate actors who wreak havoc through terror.’’ They both might want to look in the mirror. In Iraq, Iranianbacked militias have committed human rights abuses for years, executing and beating civilians and looting homes. These same militias have taken roles in trying to influence Iraq’s nascent political system. In Iraq’s recent elections, IRGC Commander Qasem Soleimani personally meddled in Iraq’s political process by coercing Shiite parties with differing views to form a parliamentary majority, one that presumably would favor 
Iran’s agenda. This, of course, is only one example of Iranian activities across the Middle East. In Syria, Iranianbacked militias have done their own share of murdering and looting. In Yemen, the Iranianbacked Houthis oppress their own people and fire ballistic missiles at civilians in Saudi Arabia. From Bahrain to Lebanon, Iran has played a destabilizing role. H.R. 4591 would sanction any foreign person, not just Iranians, conducting significant destabilizing activities in Iraq. Corruption is endemic and rampant in Iraq’s political system. Iraq’s long term stability depends on a representative government that reflects the will of the people. This bill requires our government to review the status of two of Tehran’s proxies in Iran, HHN and AAH, and assess whether the State Department should designate them as foreign terrorist organizations. By 2011, AAH claimed responsibility for thousands of attacks on U.S. and coalition forces, including the tragic 2007 attack on the Karbala provincial headquarters, which resulted in the execution of four Americans. The group is notorious for its use of explosively formed penetrators, the devastating IEDs that have killed and maimed far too many American troops and civilians. HHN, a hybrid of fighters from AAH and Hezbollah Brigades of Iraq, played an active role against Americans during the Iraq war, and now in Syria’s civil war, boasting of a unit in the Golan Heights targeting Israel. These groups claim they exist to protect Iraqis, but as the evidence clearly demonstrates, they terrorize their countrymen and innocents across the region. But these militias are not the only security threat in Iraq. Although the Islamic State has largely been driven from Iraq, the country still faces a myriad of economic and political challenges. Left unaddressed, Iraq could once again destabilize, creating a void for ISIS or other extremists to fill and, once again, throw the region into chaos and turmoil. This summer, citizens of Basra, Iraq’s second largest city, openly protested the corruption and mismanagement that has tainted their water supply and left their electrical grid in tatters. They directed some of their anger at the Iranianbacked militias that have enriched themselves while ordinary Iraqis suffered. The Iraqi Government cannot provide the services its citizens so desperately need while so much power is controlled by the militias. We need to stand with and aid Iraqis that merely want to root out corruption and malign foreign interference in their internal affairs. For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4591. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida, I LEANA ROS LEHTINEN , chairman emeritus of the Foreign Affairs Committee, who chairs the Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, Chairman ROYCE , and I commend both the Speaker and Ranking Member ENGEL . I am going to miss serving with you, ELIOT, as Chairman ROYCE and I say byebye in just a few weeks. But I thank them for always bringing to the floor bipartisan bills that make America a stronger place. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of Mr. KINZINGER ’s bill, H.R. 4591, the Preventing Destabilization of Iraq Act of 2018. This timely bill will impose sanctions against a multitude of Iranian militias, proxies, terrorist groups, and other nefarious entities that are operating in Iraq. And it makes it clear that the United States will not allow Iran to continue undermining the stability of Iraq. This bill also includes important language authored by our presiding officer, Judge POE, ensuring that the State Department determines that if certain Iranianaffiliated individuals are operating as terrorists, then they should be designated as terrorists. It further includes language by our great friend Congressman JOEWILSON  of South Carolina, requiring a determination on whether Afghan and Pakistani brigades, under the control of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps, should also be designated. This is common sense, Mr. Speaker. As ADAM KINZINGER knows firsthand, Iran has been working against U.S. interests in Iraq for years, and it is directly responsible for American casualties and is intent on continuing to destabilize Iraq for its own purposes. We have to ensure that there are penalties for Iran’s activities by doing everything that we can to block their proxies’ assets, to cut off their funding, and to restrict their travel. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. ROYCE and Mr. ENGEL . As we know, Iraq is a very important partner. This bill prioritizes its stability, and I thank the sponsor, Mr. KINZINGER , for authoring this bill. I encourage all of my colleagues to support it. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This is both a happy and sad moment for me. I am happy because, in the new Congress, I will be in the majority. But I am sad because so many of my friends are retiring, not coming back. I mentioned my good friend Mr. POE before, and I just want to mention our now Speaker up here, my good friend, ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN . We have been working together for more than 25 years in passing all kinds of important legislation involving people’s support around the world, making lives a little bit better for people, and working here to promote democracy at home. I want to have the opportunity to say that this Congress will be missing you. I know I will be missing you, and I know we will be in touch. You are the kind of Member that we need more of, someone who always reached across the aisle, someone who always worked in a bipartisan manner, and someone who was effective and intelligent. I am just proud to call you my friend. I had to say that. So I am going to close and say that Iraq is at a crossroads. We have another speaker? I am sorry. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas, Judge TEDPOE, chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade. Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, I want to reiterate that when the Foreign Affairs Committee meets and makes a decision, we do that almost in unison, Republicans and Democrats, looking out for the best foreign policy of the United States. And Chairman ROYCE and Mr. E NGEL , Chairman ENGEL , will do a great job in leading that effort, as you have done in the past when you were chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee. I am proud to support Representative KINZINGER ’s bill, the Preventing Destabilization of Iraq Act of 2018. For too long, Iraq has been the center of chaos and instability in the Middle East. While much of this is due to terrorist groups, its expansionist, saberrattling neighbor to the east also bears enormous responsibility for undermining Iraq’s sovereignty and security. Iran is determined, in my opinion, to make Iraq a puppet state of its tyranny. For years, Iran has armed and financed thousands of Iraqi militia fighters loyal to Tehran to spread its influence and fight its foreign wars. Many of these militiamen have American blood on their hands as well as their own countrymen’s. Earlier this year, Iran’s proxies in Iraq seized more seats in Iraq’s parliament and used violence to crush antiIranian protests. This legislation codifies crucial authorities to target Iran’s destabilizing activity. b1730 The bill also includes parts of my Iranian Proxies Terrorist Sanctions bill, which calls for the designation of two of the deadliest Iraqi militia groups backed by Iran: AAH and HHN. These killers have attacked Americans, including firing rockets at U.S. diplomatic facilities in Iraq as recently as this past August. They have participated in Bashar al Assad’s slaughter of the Syrian people and expressed a desire to attack Israel. War is in the mind of the Ayatollah. We must battle Iran in the arenas it hopes to control. Iraq is one of those key arenas. This legislation is a step towards confronting Iran’s conquest of the Middle East. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for this important legislation and for the Senate to quickly bring it to the floor to help stop Iran, the world’s number one state sponsor of terror, from spreading its violent hate. And that is just the way it is, Madam Speaker. Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I might consume. Madam Speaker, it seems like we are playing revolving or musical chairs, but it is so good, because I get to see all my friends from different angles. Madam Speaker, Iraq is at a crossroads. And as someone who wants to see Iraq succeed in promoting pluralism and tolerance, I support this legislation because it will help Iraqis build a better future. This bill makes it clear that the United States will not side with those who continue to foment sectarian strife. No matter where you are from, if you undermine the democratic process in Iraq, if you threaten peace and stability there, if you prevent the delivery of humanitarian assistance to the Iraqi people, you will be penalized. That is why this bill is so important. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass H.R. 4591 and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleagues for their bipartisan work on this important legislation. This measure will send a clear message to the Iraqi people that the U.S. supports them in their quest for peace and stability and democracy. Still recovering from the atrocities and desolation left by ISIS, the Iraqi people deserve a chance to establish a stable democracy free of Iranian meddling. To be clear, these Iranianbacked militias are not just a threat to the Iraqi people. These same militias have launched mortars at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad and continue to threaten Israel. It is well past the time that these militias face justice and accountability for their war crimes. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4591, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE CONGO DEMOCRACY AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6207) to support democracy and accountability in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6207 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Democratic Republic of the Congo Democracy and Accountability Act of 2018’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Democratic Republic of Congo has historically faced electionrelated political instability, endemic corruption, armed conflict, gross human rights abuses, and humanitarian crises, which destabilizes the region and causes massive human suffering; (2) the United States has provided billions of dollars to help stabilize the Democratic Republic of the Congo, including through humanitarian aid, development assistance, and support for peacekeeping operations, since the end of the civil and regional war in 2003; (3) the stability of the Democratic Republic of the Congo is a strategic priority for the United States on the African continent and it is in the national security interest of the United States to support accountable governance in the Democratic Republic of Congo; (4) United States policy with respect to the Democratic Republic of Congo should focus on helping the country become more stable and democratic, including through supporting legitimate state authority, such that the Government of the Democratic Republic of Congo is better able to respond to and provide for the basic needs of its citizens and live in peaceful coexistence with its neighbors; (5) the Government of the Democratic Republic of Congo should comply with all obligations under its Constitution, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights ratified on November 1, 1976, and the December 2016 Saint Sylvestre agreement brokered by the Congolese Conference of Catholic Bishops, by— (A) immediately lifting restrictions on the freedoms of assembly, expression, and association; (B) releasing all political prisoners, including those detained for peacefully exercising their rights; (C) ensuring that state security forces protect the rights of peaceful demonstrators; (D) bringing to justice security force personnel accused of serious abuses against citizens, including against protesters or opposition supporters; and (E) allowing private media outlets to operate freely; (6) the United States should continue to support efforts to hold free, fair, and democratic elections in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, including by supporting the completion of an inclusive, transparent voter registration process and civic education, preventing or mitigating violence, and facilitating credible election observation by the African Union, the Southern African Development Community, and other appropriate civil society entities. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS ON HUMANITARIAN  ASSISTANCE FOR THE PEOPLE OF THE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE CONGO .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, should continue to provide humanitarian and development assistance to the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo through credible and independent nongovernmental organizations, including local partners, human rights organizations, womenled organizations, and faithbased or nonfaithbased organizations. In providing such assistance, the Secretary and Administrator should prioritize— (1) promoting partnerships with organizations that have had a longterm presence in the country and have achieved measurable impact, including by building the capacity of local partners, human rights organizations, womenled organizations, or faithbased or nonfaithbased organizations to address local needs; (A) placing the country on a trajectory toward ending the need for foreign assistance; and (2) evaluating the comparative merits of grants, cooperative agreements, contracts, and other methods for providing foreign assistance. (c) SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SUPPORT FOR  DEMOCRATIC GOVERNANCE AND CONFLICT MITIGATION MECHANISMS IN THE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE CONGO .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development should— (1) continue to— (A) support longterm peace and stability in the Democratic Republic of the Congo by strengthening democratic institutions and promoting respect for the rule of law at the national, provincial, and local levels; (B) support the capacity of civil society actors to promote transparency, accountability, freedom of expression, and anticorruption efforts; (C) support conflict prevention and mitigation activities where appropriate, particularly in the Kasai region, the Tanganyika Province, the North and South Kivu Provinces, and the Ituri Province; and (D) work to address the root causes of chronic violence and fragility, with a focus on youth empowerment, education, and the promotion of justice and accountability mechanisms; and (2) seek to work directly with and through credible, independent, nongovernmental organizations, including local partners, human rights organizations, womenled organizations, and faithbased or nonfaithbased organizations, to— (A) defend internationally recognized democratic rights; (B) support freedom of expression, including through media broadcasting; (C) combat public corruption; and (D) improve the transparency and accountability of governing institutions in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 
SEC. 3. SUPPORT FOR EFFORTS AT THE UNITED NATIONS ON THE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE CONGO. 
The President should instruct the Permanent Representative of the United States to the United Nations to use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Nations to— (1) emphasize the importance of implementing the December 2016 Saint Sylvestre agreement to the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, including the need to lift restrictions on the freedoms of assembly, expression, and association, and the need to conduct free, fair, and democratic elections; (2) keep the humanitarian and political crisis in the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the regular agenda of the United Nations Security Council until the completion of a peaceful transfer of power through free, fair, and democratic elections; 
(3) ensure that the United Nations Organization Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo has an appropriately focused mandate tailored to security and governance conditions on the ground with a particular focus on civilian protection, and that the mission has sufficient means, including specialized personnel and effective leadership, to execute its mandate; and (4) improve Member states’ implementation of United Nations Security Councilimposed sanctions on individuals and entities violating the United Nations arms embargo, threatening the peace and security of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, engaging in human or resource trafficking, or perpetrating gross human rights violations in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 
SEC. 4. CODIFICATION OF SANCTIONS RELATING TO THE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE CONGO. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—United States sanctions provided for in Executive Order 13671 (79 Fed. Reg. 39947; relating to taking additional steps to address the national emergency with respect to the conflict in the Democratic Republic of the Congo) and Executive Order 13413 (71 Fed. Reg. 64103; relating to blocking property of certain persons contributing to the conflict in the Democratic Republic of the Congo), as amended by Executive Order 13671 (79 Fed. Reg. 39947; relating to taking additional steps to address the national emergency with respect to the conflict in the Democratic Republic of the Congo), as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, shall remain in effect for the 5year period beginning on such date of enactment unless the President determines and certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo— (1) is making significant progress towards holding free and fair elections and respecting the freedoms of press, expression, and assembly, as described in the December 2016 Saint Sylvestre agreement and in United Nations Security Council Resolution 2348 (2017); or (2) has held free and fair presidential elections in accordance with the Constitution of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and a democratically elected President has been sworn in and taken office. (b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to limit the authorities of the President under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) or any other provision of law. (c) LIST OF SENIOR POLITICAL FIGURES .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a list of each senior foreign political figure, as such term is defined in section 1010.605 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act), of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. (d) ADDITIONAL SANCTIONS DETERMINATION  REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report listing each person included in the list required by subsection (c) that the President determines meets the criteria to be sanctionable pursuant to one or more of the following: (1) Executive Order 13671 (79 Fed. Reg. 39947; relating to taking additional steps to address the national emergency with respect to the conflict in the Democratic Republic of the Congo). (2) Executive Order 13413 (71 Fed. Reg. 64103; relating to blocking property of certain persons contributing to the conflict in the Democratic Republic of the Congo). (3) Executive Order 13818 (82 Fed. Reg. 60839; relating to blocking the property of persons involved in serious human rights abuse or corruption). (4) Paragraph (3) or (4) of section 1263(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016 (22 U.S.C. 2656 note). (e) REPORT ON HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES AND  CORRUPTION IN THE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF  
THE CONGO .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report describing each of the following: (1) The extent to which government officials in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, including members of the military and security services, are responsible for or complicit in human rights abuses against civilians, including by deliberately impeding humanitarian access to civilians. (2) The methods used to transfer and conceal financial assets of senior officials of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo that are acquired through acts of corruption. (3) United States actions to combat such corruption, which could include the issuance of a FinCEN Advisory by the Department of the Treasury or the imposition of targeted sanctions. (4) To what extent and in what manner such corruption threatens the security of the surrounding region or United States national security interests. (5) Any assistance provided by the United States to facilitate oversight, transparency, and adherence to due diligence and accountability measures within the Democratic Republic of the Congo’s minerals, forestry, and agribusiness sectors. (f) FORM; PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .— (1) FORM.—The list required by subsection (c) and the reports required by subsections (d) and (e) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. (2) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The unclassified portion of the report required by subsection (e) shall be published on a publicly available website of the Department of State. (g) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Financial Services, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill. This is the Democratic Republic of the Congo Democracy and Accountability Act. Mr. Speaker, I would begin by thanking Congressman SMITH and Congresswoman KAREN BASS, they are the chairman and ranking member of the Africa Subcommittee, and I thank the ranking member of this committee, Mr. ENGEL , for their work on this bipartisan legislation. Long overdue elections in the Democratic Republic of the Congo are scheduled now for December 23, 2018. But we all know that simply holding elections is not enough. President Kabila already has remained in power 2 years past his constitutional mandate. And while I am pleased that he will reportedly step aside, the corruption of the Kabila government runs much deeper than just the presidency. Government officials and security forces continue to use their positions of power to undermine the election and to stoke instability in the country. Peaceful protests have been met with violence, with mass arrests. They have even been met with torture. New reports of abuse and intimidation against journalists and against activists by government forces emerge now every day. Meanwhile, arbitrary legal impediments have barred prominent opposition candidates from running. The government insists on using untested and confusing voting machines, leaving the election vulnerable to vote manipulation and to rigging. Throughout all of this, the government continues to boycott international efforts to support election preparations and to increase humanitarian assistance, and continues to deny, in the face of serious and mounting evidence, that there is a problem. I have been on three trips to the Congo over this issue over the years. The people of the Congo are suffering and the humanitarian situation is dire. Over 4 million Congolese are internally displaced. More than 13 million people are in urgent need of humanitarian assistance, including 7 million facing acute food insecurity. And another Ebola outbreak is threatening the lives of thousands. We know that government security forces are responsible for horrific human rights abuses and for provoking instability across the DRC. Just last year, two researchers were killed investigating human rights abuses in the country. One of these researchers was an American. The government continues to block efforts to fully investigate and hold individuals accountable. This cannot stand. The U.S. must be fully engaged in support of the Congolese people and their struggle to freely choose their next leader. This legislation we are considering today is a call to action. It requires a determination on individuals responsible for undermining peace and security, impeding the democratic process, committing human rights violations, and engaging in corruption so 
that they can be sanctioned. It calls for a focus on those that are blocking the democratic process. Mr. Speaker, we have seen this sad situation before in the DRC. We have seen instability and conflict spill into neighboring countries and undermine the entire region. We cannot let this cycle continue. A failed election in December would surely inflame the violence. This is why we must take decisive action to hold individuals accountable and ensure free and fair elections this December. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), and I ask unanimous consent that he may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS), the lead Democrat on this bill and the ranking member of the Africa Subcommittee. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to strongly support H.R. 6207, the Democratic Republic of the Congo Democracy and Accountability Act of 2018. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this important piece of legislation that seeks to promote free and fair elections in the DRC by imposing sanctions on high level individuals who are undermining democratic processes and institutions in the country as well as those who are responsible for extrajudicial killings and have engaged in public corruption. The DRC has the potential to be one of the richest countries on Earth. It has abundant deposits of copper, gold, diamonds, cobalt, and many other minerals. The Congo River is the second largest river in the world and the most powerful river in Africa, making way for enormous potential to generate hydroelectric power, and some scientists say it could provide enough power for all of subSaharan Africa’s electricity needs. DRC also has great agricultural potential, with its 80 million hectares of arable land, climate conditions, and water resources. This country has all the conditions to thrive and flourish, but it has not. Instead, continued delays in holding elections have increased tensions and unrest. Ongoing conflict in many parts of the country has resulted in hundreds of thousands of internally displaced persons and refugees. The country is in a human rights crisis, and on top of all of this, the DRC is suffering from an Ebola outbreak. The humanitarian crisis in the DRC has been exacerbated by the political crisis over elections. With respect to the ongoing political situation, the current crisis in the DRC started in 2015 when President Kabila, who is constitutionally barred from reelection, deliberately stalled planned elections. President Kabila remained in post, although his second constitutional term ended in 2016. Since then, the political situation has steadily declined. The Congolese government and security forces have cracked down on antigovernment mobilization through excessive use of force on peaceful protesters, shut down media outlets, and targeted arrests of activists. In August 2018, President Kabila finally said he would uphold the constitution and not stand for a third term. Even with this announcement, the preelectoral environment remains tense and unsafe for activists, journalists, political opposition, and religious leaders. Additionally, according to Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International, just this month the government made a new round of arrests of prodemocracy activists ahead of presidential elections scheduled for December 23. This heavyhanded display of police and government security forces ahead of the longawaited presidential election undermines and threatens people’s ability to freely participate in the electoral process. The government must immediately release all people arbitrarily detained for peacefully protesting, including the numerous prodemocracy activists, political opposition leaders, and journalists. Finally, the government must investigate and hold to account those responsible for human rights violations, including arbitrary arrests and detention, torture, and other serious abuses. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS). Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, this legislation is extremely important for addressing conditions in the DRC, but it is also important for sending a message to the world that the United States has not retreated from its commitment to protect human rights and advance democracy around the world. The late former U.N. Secretary General, Kofi Annan, and nine former African presidents said Congo’s future ‘‘is in grave danger.’’ ‘‘We are deeply concerned about the political situation in the Democratic Republic of Congo [DRC], which represents a threat to the stability, prosperity and peace of the Great Lakes region. . . .’’ Mr. Speaker, the situation in the DRC is deteriorating as we speak. It is time we act. Following a call from the region, please join my colleagues CHRIS SMITH, Chairman EDROYCE , and Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL , and I, and support this bill that supports human rights, democracy, and accountability in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I urge my colleagues to support the Democratic Republic of the Congo Democracy and Accountability Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL for their very strong support of this legislation and for their strong statements today. I think this is, again, another example of bipartisan legislation and the House uniting over a very egregious situation that is occurring in the DRC. I would point out to my colleagues that I have visited the DRC myself, been to Kinshasa, the capital, raised a number of human rights issues when I was there. But I also traveled to Goma, where there was terrible acts of bloodshed committed by both the government troops. As well as those that were combating the government, and even terrible acts by the peacekeepers, the U.N. peacekeepers, some years ago, where they were complicit in human trafficking, particularly of little children. b1745 In my subcommittee, I chaired four hearings on this horrible practice of the peacekeepers themselves causing such violence against kids. There is now a much better situation, but it is still awful, and, again, we are now facing another serious crisis. I would also point out to my colleagues that KAREN BASSand I had a trip planned to Kinshasa for August 24 and 25. We made part of that trip where we went to Ethiopia, but we were denied visas. We could not get visas to go to the DRC. We wanted to raise issues with Kabila, himself, with regards to the election and human rights abuse. We were denied that by not getting a visa. This bill could not be more timely. Indeed, there is an urgent need to focus attention on the DRC, a strategically located, resourcerich country, which has been misgoverned for much of its history and again is in crisis today. The wonderful people of the DRC deserve better, far better than they have gotten from the Kabila regime. Next month, just before Christmas, the country is scheduled to vote to replace Joseph Kabila, who has retained power in defiance of constitutional term limits for some 2 years beyond his mandate. Right now, there is talk of further postponement of the election, which would accord with Kabila’s desire to postpone a transfer of power for as long as possible. If such a delay occurs, it would be attributable to the obstacles placed by the Kabila government to holding a free and fair election. 
This bill before us today shows congressional resolve that there be accountability and codifies three executive orders by three Presidents: President Bush, President Obama, and President Trump. It points out that there needs to be significant progress towards holding free and fair elections or else they will not be lifted, and it does so for 7 years. We are talking about respecting fundamental freedoms of the press, expression, and assembly, as described in the December 2016 Saint Sylvestre agreement and in U.N. Security Council Resolution 2348. It also points out that there needs to be, in the legislation, a free and fair Presidential election in accordance with the constitution of the DRC and that a democratically elected President has been sworn in and taken office. It also supports the humanitarian and accountability efforts of civil society groups pushing back against civil strife and political repression. In particular, it acknowledges the role of the faith community and the Catholic Church, which educates and heals the Congolese people through its schools and hospitals, while upholding the need for the rule of law and respect for constitutional principles in the DRC. Indeed, the Congolese Conference of Catholic Bishops, known as CENCO, has played a singular role in promoting restoration of democracy and respect for fundamental civil and political rights, including brokering the December 2016 Saint Sylvestre agreement. Mr. Speaker, this is a critical time for the DRC. We have an emerging Ebola crisis in the eastern part of the country. I note that, over the weekend, our Embassy in Kinshasa was forced to close due to ‘‘credible and specific’’ terror threats. The Embassy will remain closed at least until tomorrow because of those threats and perhaps even beyond that date. We are hurtling towards a political inflection point within the next month, which will either mark a turn towards proper constitutional governance or a downward spiral towards growing chaos and bloodshed. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank our staff members who made this bill possible, particularly Lesley Warner of my staff. We traveled to the Congo in 2016 with Chairman ROYCE and had very important meetings there, frustrating but important meetings. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this measure. The Democratic Republic of the Congo, or DRC, borders nine other countries in subSaharan Africa, and positive or negative events there often impact the entire region. This is why stability in the DRC is a priority not for that country’s people, but for many other countries, including the United States. That is why Chairman ROYCE  and I led a codel there and why so many of our other members on the Foreign Affairs Committee—Mr. SMITH and Ms. BASS—have been there and have really cared about the region. For years, the DRC has been on the brink of crisis. More than 13 million people need humanitarian support, including 7.8 million children. Across the country, violent conflicts have intensified, including near the city of Beni, where health workers are battling a deadly Ebola outbreak. The current government, as my colleagues mentioned before, has shown a concerning disregard for democracy and the country’s constitution, with troubling restrictions on freedom of expression and assembly and disturbing reports of Congolese security forces violating the human rights of peaceful protestors. Next month, the DRC will hold elections, as my colleagues have mentioned, that were supposed to be held back in December of 2016. It is a critical time for the United States to show that we are committed to the DRC having a peaceful political transition and moving toward accountable, democratic governance. The Democratic Republic of the Congo Democracy and Accountability Act, this bill, asks the administration to continue providing robust humanitarian and development assistance to the people of the DRC. It also requires the President to submit a report to Congress detailing the extent to which Congolese Government officials are involved in human rights abuses against civilians and codifies previous executive orders that target the property and interests of any persons responsible for actions that threaten the stability of the DRC. It is important that we continue leading the international community to address the many challenges in the DRC. That is why this bill asks the administration to keep the DRC on the U.N. Security Council agenda and work to ensure the U.N. peacekeeping mission there has sufficient means to operate effectively. After decades of conflict and instability, the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo deserve a peaceful democratic transition. By passing this bill today, we show that the House is committed to supporting that process. Mr. Speaker, it is in the national security interest of the United States to support a peaceful political transition and accountable governance in the DRC. With elections scheduled for next month, this bill comes at a critical time. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting this important legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for his comments and for his strong support. Mr. Speaker, this is a true bipartisan bill. Our fingers are crossed for the people of the DRC. They deserve a free and fair election. Whoever emerges as the winner hopefully will take them on a new course. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6207, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
IRAQ AND SYRIA GENOCIDE RELIEF AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2017 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 390) to provide emergency relief for victims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes in Iraq and Syria, for accountability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendments is as follows: Senate amendments: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Iraq and Syria Genocide Relief and Accountability Act of 2018’’. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The Secretary of State of State declared on March 17, 2016, and on August 15, 2017, that Daesh (also known as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria or ISIS) is responsible for genocide, crimes against humanity, and other atrocity crimes against religious and ethnic minority groups in Iraq and Syria, including Christians, Yezidis, and Shia, among other religious and ethnic groups. (2) According to the Department of State’s annual reports on international religious freedom— (A) the number of Christians living in Iraq has dropped from an estimated 800,000 to 1,400,000 in 2002 to fewer than 250,000 in 2017; and (B) the number of Yezidis living in Iraq has fluctuated from 500,000 in 2013, to between 350,000 and 400,000 in 2016, and between 600,000 and 750,000 in 2017. (3) The annual reports on international religious freedom further suggest that— (A) Christian communities living in Syria, which had accounted for between 8 and 10 percent of Syria’s total population in 2010, are now ‘‘considerably’’ smaller as a result of the civil war, and 
(B) there was a population of approximately 80,000 Yezidis before the commencement of the conflict in Syria. (4) Local communities and entities have sought to mitigate the impact of violence directed against religious and ethnic minorities in Iraq and Syria, including the Chaldean Catholic Archdiocese of Erbil (Kurdistan Region of Iraq), which has used predominantly private funds to provide assistance to internally displaced Christians, Yezidis, and Muslims throughout the greater Erbil region, while significant needs and diminishing resources have made it increasingly difficult to continue these efforts. 
In this Act: (1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (E) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; (F) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (G) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; (H) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (I) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (J) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) FOREIGN TERRORIST ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘foreign terrorist organization’’ mean an organization designated by the Secretary of State as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)). (3) HUMANITARIAN , STABILIZATION , AND RE COVERY NEEDS .—The term ‘‘humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs’’, with respect to an individual, includes water, sanitation, hygiene, food security and nutrition, shelter and housing, reconstruction, medical, education, psychosocial needs, and other assistance to address basic human needs, including stabilization assistance (as defined by the Stabilization Assistance Review in ‘‘A Framework for Maximizing the Effectiveness of U.S. Government Efforts to Stabilize ConflictAffected Areas, 2018). (4) HYBRID COURT .—The term ‘‘hybrid court’’ means a court with a combination of domestic and international lawyers, judges, and personnel. (5) INTERNATIONALIZED DOMESTIC COURT .— The term ‘‘internationalized domestic court’’ means a domestic court with the support of international advisers. 
It is the policy of the United States to ensure that assistance for humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs of individuals who are or were nationals and residents of Iraq or Syria, and of communities in and from those countries, is directed toward those individuals and communities with the greatest need, including those individuals from communities of religious and ethnic minorities, and communities of religious and ethnic minorities, that the Secretary of State declared were targeted for genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes, and have been identified as being at risk of persecution, forced migration, genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes. 
SEC. 5. ACTIONS TO PROMOTE ACCOUNTABILITY IN IRAQ FOR GENOCIDE, CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY, AND WAR CRIMES. 
(a) A SSISTANCE .—The Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development are authorized to provide assistance, including financial and technical assistance, as necessary and appropriate, to support the efforts of entities, including nongovernmental organizations with expertise in international criminal investigations and law, to address genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes, and their constituent crimes by ISIS in Iraq by— (1) conducting criminal investigations; (2) developing indigenous investigative and judicial skills, including by partnering, directly mentoring, and providing necessary equipment and infrastructure to effectively adjudicating cases consistent with due process and respect for the rule of law; and (3) collecting and preserving evidence and the chain of evidence, including for use in prosecutions in domestic courts, hybrid courts, and internationalized domestic courts, consistent with the activities described in subsection (b). (b) ACTIONS BY FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Attorney General, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, shall encourage governments of foreign countries— (1) to include information in appropriate security databases and security screening procedures of such countries to identify suspected ISIS members for whom credible evidence exists of having committed genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes, and their constituent crimes, in Iraq; and (2) to apprehend and prosecute such ISIS members for genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes, as appropriate. (c) CONSULTATION .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary of State shall consult with and consider credible information from entities described in such subsection. 
SEC. 6. IDENTIFICATION OF AND ASSISTANCE TO ADDRESS HUMANITARIAN, STABILIZATION, AND RECOVERY NEEDS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, and Director of National Intelligence, shall seek to identify— (1) threats of persecution and other early warning indicators of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes against individuals who are or were nationals and residents of Iraq or Syria, are members of religious or ethnic minority groups in such countries, and against whom the Secretary of State has determined ISIS has committed genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes; (2) the religious and ethnic minority groups in Iraq or Syria identified pursuant to paragraph (1) that are at risk of forced migration, within or across the borders of Iraq, Syria, or a country of first asylum, and the primary reasons for such risk; (3)(A) the humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs of individuals described in paragraphs (1) and (2), including the assistance provided by the United States and by the United Nations, respectively— (i) to address the humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs of such individuals; and (ii) to mitigate the risks of forced migration of such individuals; and (B) assistance provided through the Funding Facility for Immediate Stabilization and Funding Facility for Expanded Stabilization; and (4) to the extent practicable and appropriate— (A) the entities, including faithbased entities, that are providing assistance to address the humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs of individuals described in paragraphs (1) and (2); and (B) the extent to which the United States is providing assistance to or through the entities referred to in subparagraph (A). (b) ADDITIONAL CONSULTATION .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary of State shall consult with, and consider credible information from— (1) individuals described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of such subsection; and (2) the entities described in paragraph (4)(A) of such subsection. (c) ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development are authorized to provide assistance, including financial and technical assistance as necessary and appropriate, to support the entities described in subsection (a)(4)(A). 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that includes— (1) a detailed description of the efforts taken, and efforts proposed to be taken, to implement the provisions of this Act; (2) an assessment of— (A) the feasibility and advisability of prosecuting ISIS members for whom credible evidence exists of having committed genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes in Iraq, including in domestic courts in Iraq, hybrid courts, and internationalized domestic courts; and (B) the measures needed— (i) to ensure effective criminal investigations of such individuals; and (ii) to effectively collect and preserve evidence, and preserve the chain of evidence, for prosecution; and (3) recommendations for legislative remedies and administrative actions to facilitate the implementation of this Act. (b) FORM.—The report required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex, if necessary. 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to provide relief for victims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes who are members of religious and ethnic minority groups in Iraq and Syria, for accountability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today to urge strong support for H.R. 390, the bipartisan Iraq and Syria Genocide Relief and Accountability Act. I want to begin by offering my special thanks to Majority Leader KEVIN MCCARTHY for his strong and sustained support for the victims of genocide, for 
this bill, and for the work of his amazing staff, especially Luke Murry, who has done yeoman’s work on making sure that this moves forward; Senate Majority Leader MITCH MCCONNELL and his chief of staff, Sharon Soderstrom, for their work; as well as our friends on the Senate side. I especially want to thank EDROYCE , our chairman, and Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL for their wonderful support for this bill, and for all the Members. I want to thank ANNA ESHOO , who has been tenacious in her support for genocidetargeted communities in Iraq and Syria, and Matt McMurray, her chief of staff, who has also been a great friend to work with on this legislation. My thanks to Mary Noonan, my chief of staff; Piero Tozzi, my staff director for the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee; Nathaniel Hurd at the U.S. Helsinki Commission, who has been lead staffer on the bill; David Trimble, senior fellow at the Religious Freedom Institute; and so many others who have been a part of this effort to get this across the finish line. Mr. Speaker, in September of 2013, I chaired my first of 10 congressional hearings focused in whole or in part on Christians, Yazidis, and other religious and ethnic minorities targeted by ISIS for genocide and other atrocity crimes, frustrated and deeply disappointed that the previous administration was failing to direct aid to these survivors and to support criminal investigations into the perpetrators. Three years later, on September 8, 2016, I introduced H.R. 5961. It was clear then, as it is now, that local overstretched, underfunded groups on the ground were being forced to fill a huge gap, like the Chaldean Catholic Archdiocese of Erbil in the Kurdistan region of Iraq, supported by the Knights of Columbus under the extraordinary leadership of Carl Anderson and by Aid to the Church in Need. To date, the Knights of Columbus has contributed $20 million and Aid to the Church in Need has contributed more than $60 million to the response for these people who are the survivors of genocide. Without this support from private charities, Mr. Speaker, many people, especially children, would have died or have been afflicted with serious disease or disability. Where was the United States? Nowhere to be found. Just before Christmas of 2016, I led a delegation to Erbil at the invitation of the Chaldean Archbishop of Erbil, Bashar Warda, who was heroically leading the effort to sustain more than 70,000 Christians who had fled ISIS, as well as some Yazidis and Muslims. There I met with genocide survivors, almost all of whom told me that they had family members who were murdered, tortured, beaten, and raped by ISIS. Their stories were tragic beyond words and heartbreaking beyond words, but members of my delegation and I were in awe of their deep and abiding faith in God, their resiliency, and their courage. They simply would not quit. They would move on and try to live a life and try to thrive. We visited a camp of 6,000 internally displaced persons, managed by the archdiocese, that the U.S. Government had not even visited until just before our trip in 2016, even though it was only 10 minutes away from the consulate. I was told I shouldn’t go because it was too dangerous. I asked, ‘‘Was there a specific threat?’’ and there wasn’t. When we got there, we were met by about 250 to 300 children, all about fourth or fifth graders or thereabouts, singing Christmas carols, and I felt, ‘‘Boy, that is a real threatening situation.’’ It was foolish in the extreme. They needed our help. They were not getting enough food. They were not getting enough medicine, and their shelter was very meager, to say the least. On January 10, 2017, I introduced H.R. 390, a stronger version of the previous bill. The House unanimously passed it—again, totally bipartisan—on June 6. On October 11, the Senate passed it with a slightly amended version, which is why it is here before the House today for reconsideration. b1800 H.R. 390 authorizes the Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development and the Secretary of State to direct humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery assistance to these communities to enable them to survive and someday thrive in Iraq and Syria. It also authorizes the Secretary and the Administrator to fund entities conducting criminal investigations into ISIS perpetrators who committed atrocity crimes in Iraq. The evidence these entities collect and preserve will be used to apprehend, prosecute, and convict perpetrators in a range of court settings. We have learned from the courts in Rwanda, in Sierra Leone, as well as the court in Yugoslavia, you have to capture this information. You have to get the testimonies from survivors and eyewitnesses to effectuate effective prosecutions. The surviving religious and ethnic communities have begun to receive some targeted aid from the United States under the leadership of Vice President PENCE , USAID Administrator Green, and Secretary Pompeo. The governments of Hungary and Poland, as well, have stepped up to provide assistance to those in need. However, we have to move quickly on this bill and on implementation on this. As Archbishop Warda, the head of Chaldean Catholic Church there, told me today: ‘‘Christians in Iraq are still at the brink of extinction. H.R. 390 is vital to our survival. If it becomes law, implementation must be full and fast. Otherwise, the help it provides will be too late for us.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support this measure. A huge amount of work has gone into this bill. I especially thank Representative SMITH of New Jersey, who has been a tireless advocate on behalf of victims of genocide. He always has been, and he always will be. His efforts have helped to ensure that religious minorities still have a place in Iraq and Syria, that their presence remains part of the fabric of the Middle East. ISIS sought to eliminate religious minorities. That is why Congress fought to designate the crimes against them genocide. The House Foreign Affairs Committee has heard hours upon hours of testimony from genocide victims: a Yazidi man recounting the beheading of thousands of Yazidi fighters, women who detailed gang rape and sex slavery. We heard from a number of survivors that international assistance was not moving quickly enough to get people resettled in their homes and communities of origin. This bill would help to ease those people’s suffering and bring to justice those who are responsible. It would authorize assistance for groups investigating and prosecuting crimes against humanity and war crimes. And it would require our government to identify those who are vulnerable to genocide and war crimes, to help with their recovery and stability in the future. This bill will be an important tool in reaching our goal in Iraq and Syria, preventing the resurgence of ISIS. We cannot allow this barbaric group to take over territory or control people ever again. In Iraq, this means addressing the root causes of conflict that motivated people to join an extremist organization like ISIS in the first place. It also means pushing back on Iranian influence because Iran envisions an Iraq overcome by sectarian strife and intolerance. In Syria, that means finding a political solution that does not include Assad. Bashar alAssad is a magnet for extremism, and he continues to employ the worst violence against his own people. Since Assad’s thugs took the life of the first protester in Syria, more than half a million more Syrians have been killed, and more than 11 million people have lost their homes. I remain convinced and concerned about what our military is doing in Syria. In the waning days of ISIS in Syria, how do we intend to justify the presence of our military? This is a slippery slope to perpetual American boots on the ground, and we have to be careful. In addition, if my legislation, the Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act, becomes law, we can provide the administration the leverage it needs to 
push for a political solution to provide justice to Assad’s many victims and to prevent the United States from getting further mired into another war in the Middle East. The only solution to the crisis in Syria is a political solution, and the Caesar Act would help pave a path toward that sustainable, political solution. I urge the other body to pass the Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act so we can get it to the President’s desk. I believe the other body would pass my bill, but for a single member of that body who is holding it up for reasons which members of both parties don’t understand. I urge him to lift that hold so that this bill can become law. Mr. Speaker, I also urge my colleagues to pass the bill before us today, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROS LEHTINEN ), the chairwoman emeritus of the Foreign Affairs Committee who currently chairs the Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased to rise in support of CHRIS SMITH’s bill, the Iraq and Syria Genocide Relief and Accountability Act of 2018. I again thank Chairman ROYCE and our esteemed ranking member, ELIOT ENGEL , for their efforts in bringing this important and bipartisan bill to the floor. This commonsense bill authorizes Federal agencies to provide assistance to entities that are working to hold accountable those responsible for genocide, for crimes against humanity, and for war crimes in Iraq and Syria. Over the last 7 years, sadly, ISIS has explicitly targeted and murdered tens, if not hundreds, of thousands of religious and ethnic minorities, mostly Christians and Yazidis in Iraq and Syria. We need to ensure that the proper people are being held accountable by giving the administration all of the tools that it needs to coordinate with and support the organizations that can identify and can prosecute those responsible. In addition, Mr. SMITH’s bill prioritizes emergency assistance to these religious and ethnic minority groups that are targeted by ISIS and continue to face persecution. Syrians remain in desperate need of humanitarian assistance, of stabilization assistance. We must ensure that these religious and ethnic minorities are getting the help they desperately need. I thank my colleague, CHRIS SMITH, such a strong human rights defender, for authoring this important bill and giving this authority to the administration. I urge all of my colleagues to give it their strong bipartisan support. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, Mr. Speaker, let me again thank Mr. SMITH and Chairman R OYCE  for their hard work and leadership. The violence and suffering that has overtaken Syria and Iraq in recent years is heartbreaking, and it is infuriating, but we cannot allow the magnitude of the problem to discourage us from trying to work toward a solution step by step. This bill puts a focus on some of the most vulnerable groups caught up in this crisis. It will help to ease their plight, and it will help to provide them a measure of justice. Before I close, Mr. Speaker, I again thank you, Mr. POE, for your friendship and for your hard work, and Ms. ROS LEHTINEN for her friendship and her hard work. Chairman ROYCE just stepped out, but I want to say that we always talk about the bipartisan work that we have done on the Foreign Affairs Committee. We always say that the Foreign Affairs Committee is the most bipartisan committee in Congress, and it should be. It has to be because partisanship really should stop at the water’s edge. When we are talking about global interests, we have the same interests. That is one of the wonderful things about the Foreign Affairs Committee. I don’t know if I will have a chance to say this again in this Congress, so that is why I want to say it now: EDROYCE  has been a magnificent chairman and a magnificent friend. He has led this committee into bipartisanship on virtually all matters involving the global stage, and we have become a more effective committee because of his leadership. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROYCE for a job well done. It has been a pleasure serving with him and all the members on the committee. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I will be very brief. I thank, again, ELIOT ENGEL , Chairman ROYCE , and I LEANA ROSLEHTINEN , who is the former chairwoman of the committee. I thank her for her very kind remarks. She has been a leader on human rights herself all over the world, especially with regard to Iran and some of the legislation she has gotten enacted into law. I thank her for that extraordinary leadership. Again, this is an example of us pulling together and helping a group of people, survivors of ISIS genocide, who are in desperate need of assistance. We are now past the emergency level in most cases. When we originally introduced the bill, I named it ‘‘the emergency.’’ We didn’t get it passed fast enough, but there is so much more that remains to be done when it comes to recovery and sustainability of these precious lives that have been so wounded by ISIS through mass murder and genocide, which has been recognized by both the Obama administration and the Trump administration. So this is an idea whose time has come, and my hope is that it will be implemented faithfully and aggressively from the moment it is signed. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by recognizing the efforts of Mr. SMITH, Chair of the Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health and Global Human Rights, and Ranking Member ENGEL for their strong leadership on this critical issue. Mr. Speaker, for seven years, the world has watched the brutal dictator Assad inflict untold suffering on the Syrian people. Since the beginning of the conflict, half a million people have been killed and 13 million—largely women and children—remain in dire need of basic humanitarian assistance in Syria. Over the course of this deadly conflict, we have seen Assad and his backers—Russia in the air, and Iran on the ground—commit atrocious war crimes, including using chemical weapons on civilians. I am sure I am not the only one who will never forget the footage shown before our Committee of a Syrian doctor trying to revive two young children, foaming at the mouth, after chlorine bombs rained down on their village; or the testimony of Caesar, a former regime police photographer, who bravely smuggled thousands of images cataloguing the gruesome and methodical torture in Assad’s prisons out of Syria. But the brutal Assad regime is not the only terror the Syrian people have had to endure— his brutality paved the way for ISIS to expand in the country as well. Exploiting the chaos created by the conflict in Syria, ISIS burst onto the scene in 2014 by declaring themselves and their supposed ‘‘caliphate’’—and committing obscene, horrific acts in an effort to spread their nihilistic, deathfilled ideology. Today, thanks to the service of our brave men and women in uniform, ISIS is receding. But we cannot forget the incredible evil they unleashed—while in power, they committed unfathomable violence against Christians and Yezidis in Syria and Iraq, and terrorized the Muslim communities unlucky enough to fall under their ‘‘caliphate.’’ Congress played a critical role in calling these atrocities by their correct name—genocide. This was a very important first step—allowing for assistance to get to minority communities desperately in need. Even now, there is still an urgent need for assistance to these vulnerable communities, which have been devastated by ISIS’ efforts to wipe them out. These ancient communities, whose roots go back centuries, include Christians, Yezidis, Assyrians, Syriacs, Turkomens, and many others. Their presence in Iraq and Syria is crucial to the social fabric of these nations. H.R. 390 offers additional, immediate relief for these vulnerable communities and also directs the State Department to do more to support efforts to collect and preserve evidence of ‘‘genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes’’ so that someday, justice might be served. I urge Members to support this bill and send it straight to the President so that the possibility of justice and accountability for these atrocities can give hope to those suffering today. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
SMITH) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill, H.R. 390. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendments were concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
AMENDING THE WHITE MOUNTAIN APACHE TRIBE WATER RIGHTS QUANTIFICATION ACT OF 2010 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the bill (S. 140) to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment to House amendment is as follows: Senate amendment to House amendment: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the House amendment to the text of the bill, insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018’’. 
The table of contents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—REORGANIZATION OF TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE Sec. 101. Initial matter. Sec. 102. Subtitle I. Sec. 103. Chapter 1. Sec. 104. Chapter 3. Sec. 105. Chapter 5. Sec. 106. Chapter 7. Sec. 107. Chapter 9. Sec. 108. Chapter 11. Sec. 109. Subtitle II. Sec. 110. Chapter 19. Sec. 111. Part II. Sec. 112. Chapter 21. Sec. 113. Chapter 23. Sec. 114. Chapter 25. Sec. 115. Part III. Sec. 116. Chapter 27. Sec. 117. Chapter 29. Sec. 118. Subtitle III and chapter 37. Sec. 119. Chapter 39. Sec. 120. Chapter 41. Sec. 121. Subtitle IV and chapter 49. Sec. 122. Chapter 51. Sec. 123. References. Sec. 124. Rule of construction. TITLE II—AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 201. Amendments to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this Act. Sec. 202. Authorizations of appropriations. Sec. 203. Authorized levels of military strength and training. Sec. 204. Authorization of amounts for Fast Response Cutters. Sec. 205. Authorization of amounts for shoreside infrastructure. Sec. 206. Authorization of amounts for aircraft improvements. TITLE III—COAST GUARD Sec. 301. Amendments to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this Act. Sec. 302. Primary duties. Sec. 303. National Coast Guard Museum. Sec. 304. Unmanned aircraft. Sec. 305. Coast Guard healthcare professionals; licensure portability. Sec. 306. Training; emergency response providers. Sec. 307. Incentive contracts for Coast Guard yard and industrial establishments. Sec. 308. Confidential investigative expenses. Sec. 309. Regular captains; retirement. Sec. 310. Conversion, alteration, and repair projects. Sec. 311. Contracting for major acquisitions programs. Sec. 312. Officer promotion zones. Sec. 313. Cross reference. Sec. 314. Commissioned service retirement. Sec. 315. Leave for birth or adoption of child. Sec. 316. Clothing at time of discharge. Sec. 317. Unfunded priorities list. Sec. 318. Safety of vessels of the Armed Forces. Sec. 319. Air facilities. TITLE IV—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY Sec. 401. Codification of Ports and Waterways Safety Act. Sec. 402. Conforming amendments. Sec. 403. Transitional and savings provisions. Sec. 404. Rule of construction. Sec. 405. Advisory committee: repeal. Sec. 406. Regattas and marine parades. Sec. 407. Regulation of vessels in territorial waters of United States. Sec. 408. Port, harbor, and coastal facility security. TITLE V—MARITIME TRANSPORTATION SAFETY Sec. 501. Consistency in marine inspections. Sec. 502. Uninspected passenger vessels in St. Louis County, Minnesota. Sec. 503. Engine cutoff switch requirements. Sec. 504. Exception from survival craft requirements. Sec. 505. Safety standards. Sec. 506. Fishing safety grants. Sec. 507. Fishing, fish tender, and fish processing vessel certification. Sec. 508. Deadline for compliance with alternate safety compliance program. Sec. 509. Termination of unsafe operations; technical correction. Sec. 510. Technical corrections: Licenses, certificates of registry, and merchant mariner documents. Sec. 511. Clarification of logbook entries. Sec. 512. Certificates of documentation for recreational vessels. Sec. 513. Numbering for undocumented barges. Sec. 514. Backup national timing system. Sec. 515. Scientific personnel. Sec. 516. Transparency. TITLE VI—ADVISORY COMMITTEES Sec. 601. National maritime transportation advisory committees. Sec. 602. Maritime Security Advisory Committees. TITLE VII—FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION Sec. 701. Short title. Sec. 702. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 703. Reporting on impact of alliances on competition. Sec. 704. Definition of certain covered services. Sec. 705. Reports filed with the Commission. Sec. 706. Public participation. Sec. 707. Ocean transportation intermediaries. Sec. 708. Common carriers. Sec. 709. Negotiations. Sec. 710. Injunctive relief sought by the Commission. Sec. 711. Discussions. Sec. 712. Transparency. Sec. 713. Study of bankruptcy preparation and response. Sec. 714. Agreements unaffected. TITLE VIII—MISCELLANEOUS Sec. 801. Repeal of obsolete reporting requirement. Sec. 802. Corrections to provisions enacted by Coast Guard Authorization Acts. Sec. 803. Officer evaluation report. Sec. 804. Extension of authority. Sec. 805. Coast Guard ROTC program. Sec. 806. Currency detection canine team program. Sec. 807. Center of expertise for Great Lakes oil spill search and response. Sec. 808. Public safety answering points and maritime search and rescue coordination. Sec. 809. Ship shoal lighthouse transfer: repeal. Sec. 810. Land exchange, Ayakulik Island, Alaska. Sec. 811. Use of Tract 43. Sec. 812. Coast Guard maritime domain awareness. Sec. 813. Monitoring. Sec. 814. Reimbursements for nonFederal construction costs of certain aids to navigation. Sec. 815. Towing safety management system fees. Sec. 816. Oil spill disbursements auditing and report. Sec. 817. Fleet requirements assessment and strategy. Sec. 818. National Security Cutter. Sec. 819. Acquisition plan for inland waterway and river tenders and bayclass icebreakers. Sec. 820. Great Lakes icebreaker acquisition. Sec. 821. Polar icebreakers. Sec. 822. Strategic assets in the Arctic. Sec. 823. Arctic planning criteria. Sec. 824. Vessel response plan audit. Sec. 825. Waters deemed not navigable waters of the United States for certain purposes. Sec. 826. Documentation of recreational vessels. Sec. 827. Equipment requirements; exemption from throwable personal flotation devices requirement. Sec. 828. Visual distress signals and alternative use. Sec. 829. Radar refresher training. Sec. 830. Commercial fishing vessel safety national communications plan. Sec. 831. Atlantic Coast port access route study recommendations. Sec. 832. Drawbridges. Sec. 833. Waiver. Sec. 834. Fireretardant materials. Sec. 835. Vessel waiver. Sec. 836. Temporary limitations. Sec. 837. Transfer of Coast Guard property in Jupiter Island, Florida, for inclusion in Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge. Sec. 838. Emergency response. Sec. 839. Drawbridges consultation. TITLE IX—VESSEL INCIDENTAL DISCHARGE ACT Sec. 901. Short title. Sec. 902. Purposes; findings. Sec. 903. Standards for discharges incidental to normal operation of vessels. TITLE X—HYDROGRAPHIC SERVICES AND OTHER MATTERS Sec. 1001. Reauthorization of Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998. Sec. 1002. System for tracking and reporting all inclusive cost of hydrographic surveys. Sec. 1003. Homeport of certain research vessels. TITLE I—REORGANIZATION OF TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 1 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 1—ESTABLISHMENT AND DUTIES ‘‘Sec. ‘‘101. Establishment of Coast Guard. ‘‘102. Primary duties. ‘‘103. Department in which the Coast Guard operates. ‘‘104. Removing restrictions. ‘‘105. Secretary defined. ‘‘106. Commandant defined.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) REQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 1 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE.—The table referred to in paragraph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
3 Department in which the Coast Guard operates 103 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 3—COMPOSITION AND ORGANIZATION ‘‘Sec. ‘‘301. Grades and ratings. ‘‘302. Commandant; appointment. ‘‘303. Retirement of Commandant or Vice Commandant. ‘‘304. Vice Commandant; appointment. ‘‘305. Vice admirals. ‘‘306. Retirement. ‘‘307. Vice admirals and admiral, continuity of grade. ‘‘308. Chief Acquisition Officer. ‘‘309. Office of the Coast Guard Reserve; Director. ‘‘310. Chief of Staff to President: appointment. ‘‘311. Captains of the port. ‘‘312. Prevention and response workforces. ‘‘313. Centers of expertise for Coast Guard prevention and response. ‘‘314. Marine industry training program. ‘‘315. Training course on workings of Congress. ‘‘316. National Coast Guard Museum. ‘‘317. United States Coast Guard Band; composition; director. ‘‘318. Environmental Compliance and Restoration Program.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) REQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 3 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE.—The table referred to in paragraph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
52 Vice admirals and admiral, continuity of grade 307 
53 Office of the Coast Guard Reserve; Director 309 
58 Centers of expertise for Coast Guard prevention and response 313 
336 United States Coast Guard Band; composition; director 317 (c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) by inserting after section 310 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 311. Captains of the port ‘‘Any officer, including any petty officer, may be designated by the Commandant as captain of the port or ports or adjacent high seas or waters over which the United States has jurisdiction, as the Commandant deems necessary to facilitate execution of Coast Guard duties.’’; and (B) by inserting after section 317 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 318. Environmental Compliance and Restoration Program ‘‘(a) DEFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) ‘environment’, ‘facility’, ‘person’, ‘release’, ‘removal’, ‘remedial’, and ‘response’ have the same meaning they have in section 101 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601); ‘‘(2) ‘hazardous substance’ has the same meaning it has in section 101 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601), except that it also includes the meaning given ‘oil’ in section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321); and ‘‘(3) ‘pollutant’ has the same meaning it has in section 502 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1362). ‘‘(b) PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) The Secretary shall carry out a program of environmental compliance and restoration at current and former Coast Guard facilities. ‘‘(2) Program goals include: ‘‘(A) Identifying, investigating, and cleaning up contamination from hazardous substances and pollutants. ‘‘(B) Correcting other environmental damage that poses an imminent and substantial danger to the public health or welfare or to the environment. ‘‘(C) Demolishing and removing unsafe buildings and structures, including buildings and structures at former Coast Guard facilities. ‘‘(D) Preventing contamination from hazardous substances and pollutants at current Coast Guard facilities. ‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary shall respond to releases of hazardous substances and pollutants— ‘‘(i) at each Coast Guard facility the United States owns, leases, or otherwise possesses; ‘‘(ii) at each Coast Guard facility the United States owned, leased, or otherwise possessed when the actions leading to contamination from hazardous substances or pollutants occurred; and ‘‘(iii) on each vessel the Coast Guard owns or operates. ‘‘(B) Subparagraph (A) of this paragraph does not apply to a removal or remedial action when a potentially responsible person responds under section 122 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9622). ‘‘(C) The Secretary shall pay a fee or charge imposed by a State authority for permit services for disposing of hazardous substances or pollutants from Coast Guard facilities to the same extent that nongovernmental entities are required to pay for permit services. This subparagraph does not apply to a payment that is the responsibility of a lessee, contractor, or other private person. ‘‘(4) The Secretary may agree with another Federal agency for that agency to assist in carrying out the Secretary’s responsibilities under this section. The Secretary may enter into contracts, cooperative agreements, and grant agreements with State and local governments to assist in carrying out the Secretary’s responsibilities 
under this section. Services that may be obtained under this paragraph include identifying, investigating, and cleaning up offsite contamination that may have resulted from the release of a hazardous substance or pollutant at a Coast Guard facility. ‘‘(5) Section 119 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9619) applies to response action contractors that carry out response actions under this section. The Coast Guard shall indemnify response action contractors to the extent that adequate insurance is not generally available at a fair price at the time the contractor enters into the contract to cover the contractor’s reasonable, potential, longterm liability. ‘‘(c) AMOUNTS RECOVERED FOR RESPONSE ACTIONS .— ‘‘(1) All sums appropriated to carry out the Coast Guard’s environmental compliance and restoration functions under this section or another law shall be credited or transferred to an appropriate Coast Guard account, as determined by the Commandant and remain available until expended. ‘‘(2) Funds may be obligated or expended from such account to carry out the Coast Guard’s environmental compliance and restoration functions under this section or another law. ‘‘(3) In proposing the budget for any fiscal year under section 1105 of title 31, the President shall set forth separately the amount requested for the Coast Guard’s environmental compliance and restoration activities under this section or another law. ‘‘(4) Amounts recovered under section 107 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9607) for the Secretary’s response actions at current and former Coast Guard facilities shall be credited to an appropriate Coast Guard account, as determined by the Commandant. ‘‘(d) ANNUAL LIST OF PROJECTS TO CONGRESS .—The Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a prioritized list of projects eligible for environmental compliance and restoration funding for each fiscal year concurrent with the President’s budget submission for that fiscal year.’’. (2) CONFORMING REPEALS .—Sections 634, 690, 691, 692, and 693 of title 14, United States Code, are repealed. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 5—FUNCTIONS AND POWERS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL POWERS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘501. Secretary; general powers. ‘‘502. Delegation of powers by the Secretary. ‘‘503. Regulations. ‘‘504. Commandant; general powers. ‘‘505. Functions and powers vested in the Commandant. ‘‘506. Prospective payment of funds necessary to provide medical care. ‘‘507. Appointment of judges. ‘‘
ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES  ‘‘521. Saving life and property. ‘‘522. Law enforcement. ‘‘523. Enforcement authority. ‘‘524. Enforcement of coastwise trade laws. ‘‘525. Special agents of the Coast Guard Investigative Service law enforcement authority. ‘‘526. Stopping vessels; indemnity for firing at or into vessel. ‘‘527. Safety of naval vessels. ‘‘528. Protecting against unmanned aircraft. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III —AIDS TO NAVIGATION  ‘‘541. Aids to navigation authorized. ‘‘542. Unauthorized aids to maritime navigation; penalty. ‘‘543. Interference with aids to navigation; penalty. ‘‘544. Aids to maritime navigation; penalty. ‘‘545. Marking of obstructions. ‘‘546. Deposit of damage payments. ‘‘547. Rewards for apprehension of persons interfering with aids to navigation. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER IV —MISCELLANEOUS  ‘‘561. Icebreaking in polar regions. ‘‘562. Appeals and waivers. ‘‘563. Notification of certain determinations.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) REQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 5 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE.—The table referred to in paragraph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
632 Functions and powers vested in the Commandant 505 
520 Prospective payment of funds necessary to provide medical care 506 
95 Special agents of the Coast Guard Investigative Service law enforcement authority 525 
637 Stopping vessels; indemnity for firing at or into vessel 526 
81 Aids to navigation authorized 541 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
643 Rewards for apprehension of persons interfering with aids to navigation 547 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 501 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL POWERS’’; (2) by inserting before section 521 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—LIFE SAVING AND LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES’’; (3) by inserting before section 541 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—AIDS TO NAVIGATION’’; and (4) by inserting before section 561 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER IV—MISCELLANEOUS’’. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 7 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 7—COOPERATION ‘‘Sec. ‘‘701. Cooperation with other agencies, States, territories, and political subdivisions. ‘‘702. State Department. ‘‘703. Treasury Department. ‘‘704. Department of the Army and Department of the Air Force. ‘‘705. Navy Department. ‘‘706. United States Postal Service. ‘‘707. Department of Commerce. ‘‘708. Department of Health and Human Services. ‘‘709. Maritime instruction. ‘‘710. Assistance to foreign governments and maritime authorities. ‘‘711. Coast Guard officers as attache ´s to missions. ‘‘712. Contracts with Governmentowned establishments for work and material. ‘‘713. Nonappropriated fund instrumentalities: contracts with other agencies and instrumentalities to provide or obtain goods and services. 
‘‘714. Arctic maritime domain awareness. ‘‘715. Oceanographic research. ‘‘716. Arctic maritime transportation. ‘‘717. Agreements.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) REQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 7 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE.—The table referred to in paragraph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
141 Cooperation with other agencies, States, territories, and political subdivisions 701 
144 Department of the Army and Department of the Air Force 704 
149 Assistance to foreign governments and maritime authorities 710 
150 Coast Guard officers as attache´s to missions 711 
151 Contracts with Governmentowned establishments for work and material 712 
152 Nonappropriated fund instrumentalities: contracts with other agencies and instrumentalities to provide or obtain goods and services 713 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 9—ADMINISTRATION ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I —REAL AND PERSONAL PROPERTY  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘901. Disposal of certain material. ‘‘902. Employment of draftsmen and engineers. ‘‘903. Use of certain appropriated funds. ‘‘904. Local hire. ‘‘905. Procurement authority for family housing. ‘‘906. Air Station Cape Cod Improvements. ‘‘907. Longterm lease of special purpose facilities. ‘‘908. Longterm lease authority for lighthouse property. ‘‘909. Small boat station rescue capability. ‘‘910. Small boat station closures. ‘‘911. Search and rescue center standards. ‘‘912. Air facility closures. ‘‘913. Turnkey selection procedures. ‘‘914. Disposition of infrastructure related to E– LORAN. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —MISCELLANEOUS  ‘‘931. Oaths required for boards. ‘‘932. Administration of oaths. ‘‘933. Coast Guard ensigns and pennants. ‘‘934. Penalty for unauthorized use of words ‘Coast Guard’. ‘‘935. Coast Guard band recordings for commercial sale. ‘‘936. Confidentiality of medical quality assurance records; qualified immunity for participants. ‘‘937. Admiralty claims against the United States. ‘‘938. Claims for damage to property of the United States. ‘‘939. Accounting for industrial work. ‘‘940. Supplies and equipment from stock. ‘‘941. Coast Guard Supply Fund. ‘‘942. Public and commercial vessels and other watercraft; sale of fuel, supplies, and services. ‘‘943. Arms and ammunition; immunity from taxation. ‘‘944. Confidential investigative expenses. ‘‘945. Assistance to film producers. ‘‘946. User fees. ‘‘947. Vessel construction bonding requirements. ‘‘948. Contracts for medical care for retirees, dependents, and survivors: alternative delivery of health care. ‘‘949. Telephone installation and charges. ‘‘950. Designation, powers, and accountability of deputy disbursing officials. ‘‘951. Aircraft accident investigations.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) REQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 9 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE.—The table referred to in paragraph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
656 Use of certain appropriated funds 903 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
639 Penalty for unauthorized use of words ‘‘Coast Guard’’ 934 
640 Coast Guard band recordings for commercial sale 935 
645 Confidentiality of medical quality assurance records; qualified immunity for participants 936 
647 Claims for damage to property of the United States 938 
654 Public and commercial vessels and other watercraft; sale of fuel, supplies, and services 942 
Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
668 Contracts for medical care for retirees, dependents, and survivors: alternative delivery of health care 948 
673 Designation, powers, and accountability of deputy disbursing officials 950 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 901 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—REAL AND PERSONAL PROPERTY’’; and (2) by inserting before section 931 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—MISCELLANEOUS’’. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 11—ACQUISITIONS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL PROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘1101. Acquisition directorate. ‘‘1102. Improvements in Coast Guard acquisition management. ‘‘1103. Role of Vice Commandant in major acquisition programs. ‘‘1104. Recognition of Coast Guard personnel for excellence in acquisition. ‘‘1105. Prohibition on use of lead systems integrators. ‘‘1106. Required contract terms. ‘‘1107. Extension of major acquisition program contracts. ‘‘1108. Department of Defense consultation. ‘‘1109. Undefinitized contractual actions. ‘‘1110. Mission need statement. ‘‘
PROCESS AND PROCEDURES  ‘‘1131. Identification of major system acquisitions. ‘‘1132. Acquisition. ‘‘1133. Preliminary development and demonstration. ‘‘1134. Acquisition, production, deployment, and support. ‘‘1135. Acquisition program baseline breach. ‘‘1136. Acquisition approval authority. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III —PROCUREMENT  ‘‘1151. Restriction on construction of vessels in foreign shipyards. ‘‘1152. Advance procurement funding. ‘‘1153. Prohibition on overhaul, repair, and maintenance of Coast Guard vessels in foreign shipyards. ‘‘1154. Procurement of buoy chain. ‘‘1155. Contract termination. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER IV —DEFINITIONS  ‘‘1171. Definitions.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) REQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 11 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE.—The table referred to in paragraph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
578 Role of Vice Commandant in major acquisition programs 1103 
563 Recognition of Coast Guard personnel for excellence in acquisition 1104 
564 Prohibition on use of lead systems integrators 1105 
575 Acquisition program baseline breach 1135 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
665 Restriction on construction of vessels in foreign shipyards 1151 
96 Prohibition on overhaul, repair, and maintenance of Coast Guard vessels in foreign shipyards 1153 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by striking all subdivision designations and headings in such chapter, except for— (A) the chapter designation and heading added by subsection (a); (B) the subchapter designations and headings added by this subsection; and (C) any designation or heading of a section or a subdivision of a section; (2) by inserting before section 1101 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL PROVISIONS’’; (3) by inserting before section 1131 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—IMPROVED ACQUISITION PROCESS AND PROCEDURES’’; (4) by inserting before section 1151 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—PROCUREMENT’’; and (5) by inserting before section 1171 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER IV—DEFINITIONS’’. 
(3) C HAPTER 15 .—Chapter 15 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning; and (B) by striking the subchapter designation and the subchapter heading for each of the subchapters of such chapter. (4) CHAPTER 17 .—Chapter 17 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning. (5) CHAPTER 18 .—Chapter 18 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 19 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 19—COAST GUARD ACADEMY ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —ADMINISTRATION  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘1901. Administration of Academy. ‘‘1902. Policy on sexual harassment and sexual violence. ‘‘1903. Annual Board of Visitors. ‘‘1904. Participation in Federal, State, or other educational research grants. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —CADETS  ‘‘1921. Corps of Cadets authorized strength. ‘‘1922. Appointments. ‘‘1923. Admission of foreign nationals for instruction; restrictions; conditions. ‘‘1924. Conduct. ‘‘1925. Agreement. ‘‘1926. Cadet applicants; preappointment travel to Academy. ‘‘1927. Cadets; initial clothing allowance. ‘‘1928. Cadets; degree of bachelor of science. ‘‘1929. Cadets; appointment as ensign. ‘‘1930. Cadets: charges and fees for attendance; limitation. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —FACULTY  ‘‘1941. Civilian teaching staff. ‘‘1942. Permanent commissioned teaching staff; composition. ‘‘1943. Appointment of permanent commissioned teaching staff. ‘‘1944. Grade of permanent commissioned teaching staff. ‘‘1945. Retirement of permanent commissioned teaching staff. ‘‘1946. Credit for service as member of civilian teaching staff. ‘‘1947. Assignment of personnel as instructors. ‘‘1948. Marine safety curriculum.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) REQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 19 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE.—The table referred to in paragraph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
200 Policy on sexual harassment and sexual violence 1902 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
196 Participation in Federal, State, or other educational research grants 1904 
195 Admission of foreign nationals for instruction; restrictions; conditions 1923 
197 Cadets: charges and fees for attendance; limitation 1930 
191 Credit for service as member of civilian teaching staff 1946 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Chapter 19 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) by inserting before section 1901 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—ADMINISTRATION’’; (B) by inserting before section 1923 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—CADETS ‘‘§ 1921. Corps of Cadets authorized strength ‘‘The number of cadets appointed annually to the Academy shall be as determined by the Secretary but the number appointed in any one year shall not exceed six hundred. ‘‘§ 1922. Appointments ‘‘Appointments to cadetships shall be made under regulations prescribed by the Secretary, who shall determine age limits, methods of selection of applicants, term of service as a cadet before graduation, and all other matters affecting such appointments. In the administration of this section, the Secretary shall take such action as may be necessary and appropriate to insure that female individuals shall be eligible for appointment and admission to the Coast Guard Academy, and that the relevant standards required for appointment, admission, training, graduation, and commissioning of female individuals shall be the same as those required for male individuals, except for those minimum essential adjustments in such standards required because of physiological differences between male and female individuals.’’; (C) by inserting before section 1926 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 1924. Conduct ‘‘The Secretary may summarily dismiss from the Coast Guard any cadet who, during his cadetship, is found unsatisfactory in either studies or conduct, or may be deemed not adapted for a career in the Coast Guard. Cadets shall be subject to rules governing discipline prescribed by the Commandant. ‘‘§ 1925. Agreement ‘‘(a) Each cadet shall sign an agreement with respect to the cadet’s length of service in the Coast Guard. The agreement shall provide that the cadet agrees to the following: ‘‘(1) That the cadet will complete the course of instruction at the Coast Guard Academy. ‘‘(2) That upon graduation from the Coast Guard Academy the cadet— ‘‘(A) will accept an appointment, if tendered, as a commissioned officer of the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(B) will serve on active duty for at least five years immediately after such appointment. ‘‘(3) That if an appointment described in paragraph (2) is not tendered or if the cadet is permitted to resign as a regular officer before the completion of the commissioned service obligation of the cadet, the cadet— ‘‘(A) will accept an appointment as a commissioned officer in the Coast Guard Reserve; and ‘‘(B) will remain in that reserve component until completion of the commissioned service obligation of the cadet. ‘‘(b)(1) The Secretary may transfer to the Coast Guard Reserve, and may order to active duty for such period of time as the Secretary prescribes (but not to exceed four years), a cadet who breaches an agreement under subsection (a). The period of time for which a cadet is ordered to active duty under this paragraph may be determined without regard to section 651(a) of title 10. ‘‘(2) A cadet who is transferred to the Coast Guard Reserve under paragraph (1) shall be transferred in an appropriate enlisted grade or rating, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) For the purposes of paragraph (1), a cadet shall be considered to have breached an agreement under subsection (a) if the cadet is separated from the Coast Guard Academy under circumstances which the Secretary determines constitute a breach by the cadet of the cadet’s agreement to complete the course of instruction at the Coast Guard Academy and accept an appointment as a commissioned officer upon graduation from the Coast Guard Academy. ‘‘(c) The Secretary shall prescribe regulations to carry out this section. Those regulations shall include— ‘‘(1) standards for determining what constitutes, for the purpose of subsection (b), a breach of an agreement under subsection (a); ‘‘(2) procedures for determining whether such a breach has occurred; and ‘‘(3) standards for determining the period of time for which a person may be ordered to serve on active duty under subsection (b). ‘‘(d) In this section, ‘commissioned service obligation’, with respect to an officer who is a graduate of the Academy, means the period beginning on the date of the officer’s appointment 
as a commissioned officer and ending on the sixth anniversary of such appointment or, at the discretion of the Secretary, any later date up to the eighth anniversary of such appointment. ‘‘(e)(1) This section does not apply to a cadet who is not a citizen or national of the United States. ‘‘(2) In the case of a cadet who is a minor and who has parents or a guardian, the cadet may sign the agreement required by subsection (a) only with the consent of the parent or guardian. ‘‘(f) A cadet or former cadet who does not fulfill the terms of the obligation to serve as specified under section (a), or the alternative obligation imposed under subsection (b), shall be subject to the repayment provisions of section 303a(e) of title 37.’’; and (D) by inserting before section 1941 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—FACULTY’’. (2) CONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 182 of title 14, United States Code, is repealed. 
Part II of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the part designation, the part heading, and the table of chapters at the beginning. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 21 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 21—PERSONNEL; OFFICERS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —APPOINTMENT AND PROMOTION  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2101. Original appointment of permanent commissioned officers. ‘‘2102. Active duty promotion list. ‘‘2103. Number and distribution of commissioned officers on active duty promotion list. ‘‘2104. Appointment of temporary officers. ‘‘2105. Rank of warrant officers. ‘‘2106. Selection boards; convening of boards. ‘‘2107. Selection boards; composition of boards. ‘‘2108. Selection boards; notice of convening; communication with board. ‘‘2109. Selection boards; oath of members. ‘‘2110. Number of officers to be selected for promotion. ‘‘2111. Promotion zones. ‘‘2112. Promotion year; defined. ‘‘2113. Eligibility of officers for consideration for promotion. ‘‘2114. United States Deputy Marshals in Alaska. ‘‘2115. Selection boards; information to be furnished boards. ‘‘2116. Officers to be recommended for promotion. ‘‘2117. Selection boards; reports. ‘‘2118. Selection boards; submission of reports. ‘‘2119. Failure of selection for promotion. ‘‘2120. Special selection boards; correction of errors. ‘‘2121. Promotions; appointments. ‘‘2122. Removal of officer from list of selectees for promotion. ‘‘2123. Promotions; acceptance; oath of office. ‘‘2124. Promotions; pay and allowances. ‘‘2125. Wartime temporary service promotions. ‘‘2126. Promotion of officers not included on active duty promotion list. ‘‘2127. Recall to active duty during war or national emergency. ‘‘2128. Recall to active duty with consent of officer. ‘‘2129. Aviation cadets; appointment as Reserve officers. ‘‘
CAUSE  ‘‘2141. Revocation of commissions during first five years of commissioned service. ‘‘2142. Regular lieutenants (junior grade); separation for failure of selection for promotion. ‘‘2143. Regular lieutenants; separation for failure of selection for promotion; continuation. ‘‘2144. Regular Coast Guard; officers serving under temporary appointments. ‘‘2145. Regular lieutenant commanders and commanders; retirement for failure of selection for promotion. ‘‘2146. Discharge in lieu of retirement; separation pay. ‘‘2147. Regular warrant officers: separation pay. ‘‘2148. Separation for failure of selection for promotion or continuation; time of. ‘‘2149. Regular captains; retirement. ‘‘2150. Captains; continuation on active duty; involuntary retirement. ‘‘2151. Rear admirals and rear admirals (lower half); continuation on active duty; involuntary retirement. ‘‘2152. Voluntary retirement after twenty years’ service. ‘‘2153. Voluntary retirement after thirty years’ service. ‘‘2154. Compulsory retirement. ‘‘2155. Retirement for physical disability after selection for promotion; grade in which retired. ‘‘2156. Deferment of retirement or separation for medical reasons. ‘‘2157. Flag officers. ‘‘2158. Review of records of officers. ‘‘2159. Boards of inquiry. ‘‘2160. Boards of review. ‘‘2161. Composition of boards. ‘‘2162. Rights and procedures. ‘‘2163. Removal of officer from active duty; action by Secretary. ‘‘2164. Officers considered for removal; retirement or discharge; separation benefits. ‘‘2165. Relief of retired officer promoted while on active duty. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III —GENERAL PROVISIONS  ‘‘2181. Physical fitness of officers. ‘‘2182. Multirater assessment of certain personnel.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) REQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 21 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE.—The table referred to in paragraph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
42 Number and distribution of commissioned officers on active duty promotion list 2103 
215 Rank of warrant officers 2105 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
253 Selection boards; notice of convening; communication with board 2108 
255 Number of officers to be selected for promotion 2110 
257 Eligibility of officers for consideration for promotion 2113 
258 Selection boards; information to be furnished boards 2115 
272 Removal of officer from list of selectees for promotion 2122 
276 Promotion of officers not included on active duty promotion list 2126 
331 Recall to active duty during war or national emergency 2127 
332 Recall to active duty with consent of officer 2128 
Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
281 Revocation of commissions during first five years of commissioned service 2141 
282 Regular lieutenants (junior grade); separation for failure of selection for promotion 2142 
283 Regular lieutenants; separation for failure of selection for promotion; continuation 2143 
284 Regular Coast Guard; officers serving under temporary appointments 2144 
285 Regular lieutenant commanders and commanders; retirement for failure of selection for promotion 2145 
286 Discharge in lieu of retirement; separation pay 2146 
287 Separation for failure of selection for promotion or continuation; time of 2148 
289 Captains; continuation on active duty; involuntary retirement 2150 
290 Rear admirals and rear admirals (lower half); continuation on active duty; involuntary retirement 2151 
294 Retirement for physical disability after selection for promotion; grade in which retired 2155 
295 Deferment of retirement or separation for medical reasons 2156 
296 Flag officers 2157 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
326 Removal of officer from active duty; action by Secretary 2163 
327 Officers considered for removal; retirement or discharge; separation benefits 2164 
333 Relief of retired officer promoted while on active duty 2165 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 21 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by striking all subchapter designations and headings in such chapter, except for the subchapter designations and headings added by this subsection; (2) by inserting before section 2101 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—APPOINTMENT AND PROMOTION’’; (3) by inserting before section 2115 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘§ 2114. United States Deputy Marshals in Alaska ‘‘Commissioned officers may be appointed as United States Deputy Marshals in Alaska.’’; (4) by inserting before section 2141 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—DISCHARGES; RETIREMENTS; REVOCATION OF COMMISSIONS; SEPARATION FOR CAUSE’’; and (5) by inserting before section 2181 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—GENERAL PROVISIONS’’. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 23 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 23—PERSONNEL; ENLISTED ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2301. Recruiting campaigns. ‘‘2302. Enlistments; term, grade. ‘‘2303. Promotion. ‘‘2304. Compulsory retirement at age of sixty two. ‘‘2305. Voluntary retirement after thirty years’ service. ‘‘2306. Voluntary retirement after twenty years’ service. ‘‘2307. Retirement of enlisted members: increase in retired pay. ‘‘2308. Recall to active duty during war or national emergency. ‘‘2309. Recall to active duty with consent of member. ‘‘2310. Relief of retired enlisted member promoted while on active duty. ‘‘2311. Retirement in cases where higher grade or rating has been held. ‘‘2312. Extension of enlistments. ‘‘2313. Retention beyond term of enlistment in case of disability. ‘‘2314. Detention beyond term of enlistment. ‘‘2315. Inclusion of certain conditions in enlistment contract. ‘‘2316. Discharge within three months before expiration of enlistment. ‘‘2317. Aviation cadets; procurement; transfer. ‘‘2318. Aviation cadets; benefits. ‘‘2319. Critical skill training bonus.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) REQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 23 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE.—The table referred to in paragraph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
353 Compulsory retirement at age of sixty two 2304 
357 Retirement of enlisted members: increase in retired pay 2307 
359 Recall to active duty during war or national emergency 2308 
360 Recall to active duty with consent of member 2309 
361 Relief of retired enlisted member promoted while on active duty 2310 
362 Retirement in cases where higher grade or rating has been held 2311 
Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
366 Retention beyond term of enlistment in case of disability 2313 
369 Inclusion of certain conditions in enlistment contract 2315 
370 Discharge within three months before expiration of enlistment 2316 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 25 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 25—PERSONNEL; GENERAL PROVISIONS ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL PROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2501. Grade on retirement. ‘‘2502. Retirement. ‘‘2503. Status of recalled personnel. ‘‘2504. Computation of retired pay. ‘‘2505. Limitations on retirement and retired pay. ‘‘2506. Suspension of payment of retired pay of members who are absent from the United States to avoid prosecution. ‘‘2507. Board for Correction of Military Records deadline. ‘‘2508. Emergency leave retention authority. ‘‘2509. Prohibition of certain involuntary administrative separations. ‘‘2510. Sea service letters. ‘‘2511. Investigations of flag officers and Senior Executive Service employees. ‘‘2512. Leave policies for the Coast Guard. ‘‘2513. Computation of length of service. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —LIGHTHOUSE SERVICE  ‘‘2531. Personnel of former Lighthouse Service.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) REQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 25 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE.—The table referred to in paragraph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
334 Grade on retirement 2501 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
424a Suspension of payment of retired pay of members who are absent from the United States to avoid prosecution 2506 
425 Board for Correction of Military Records deadline 2507 
430 Investigations of flag officers and Senior Executive Service employees 2511 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 25 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 2501 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL PROVISIONS’’; and (2) by inserting before section 2531 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—LIGHTHOUSE SERVICE’’. 
Part III of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the part designation, the part heading, and the table of chapters at the beginning. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 27 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 27—PAY, ALLOWANCES, AWARDS, AND OTHER RIGHTS AND BENEFITS ‘‘
BENEFITS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2701. Procurement of personnel. ‘‘2702. Training. ‘‘2703. Contingent expenses. ‘‘2704. Equipment to prevent accidents. ‘‘2705. Clothing at time of discharge for good of service. ‘‘2706. Right to wear uniform. ‘‘2707. Protection of uniform. ‘‘2708. Clothing for officers and enlisted personnel. ‘‘2709. Procurement and sale of stores to members and civilian employees. ‘‘2710. Disposition of effects of decedents. ‘‘2711. Deserters; payment of expenses incident to apprehension and delivery; penalties. ‘‘2712. Payment for the apprehension of stragglers. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II —AWARDS  ‘‘2731. Delegation of powers to make awards; rules and regulations. ‘‘2732. Medal of honor. ‘‘2733. Medal of honor: duplicate medal. ‘‘2734. Medal of honor: presentation of Medal of Honor Flag. ‘‘2735. Coast Guard cross. ‘‘2736. Distinguished service medal. ‘‘2737. Silver star medal. ‘‘2738. Distinguished flying cross. ‘‘2739. Coast Guard medal. ‘‘2740. Insignia for additional awards. ‘‘2741. Time limit on award; report concerning deed. ‘‘2742. Honorable subsequent service as condition to award. ‘‘2743. Posthumous awards. ‘‘2744. Lifesaving medals. ‘‘2745. Replacement of medals. ‘‘2746. Award of other medals. ‘‘2747. Awards and insignia for excellence in service or conduct. ‘‘2748. Presentation of United States flag upon retirement. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —PAYMENTS  ‘‘2761. Persons discharged as result of court martial; allowances to. ‘‘2762. Shore patrol duty; payment of expenses. ‘‘2763. Compensatory absence from duty for military personnel at isolated duty stations. ‘‘2764. Monetary allowance for transportation of household effects. ‘‘2765. Retroactive payment of pay and allowances delayed by administrative error or oversight. ‘‘2766. Travel card management. ‘‘2767. Reimbursement for medicalrelated travel expenses for certain persons residing on islands in the continental United States. ‘‘2768. Annual audit of pay and allowances of members undergoing permanent change of station. ‘‘2769. Remission of indebtedness. ‘‘2770. Special instruction at universities. ‘‘2771. Attendance at professional meetings. ‘‘2772. Education loan repayment program. ‘‘2773. Rations or commutation therefor in money. ‘‘2774. Sales of ration supplies to messes. ‘‘2775. Flight rations. ‘‘2776. Payments at time of discharge for good of service. ‘‘2777. Clothing for destitute shipwrecked persons. ‘‘2778. Advancement of public funds to personnel. ‘‘2779. Transportation to and from certain places of employment.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) REQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 27 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE.—The table referred to in paragraph (1) is the following: 
Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
482 Clothing at time of discharge for good of service 2705 
487 Procurement and sale of stores to members and civilian employees 2709 
508 Deserters; payment of expenses incident to apprehension and delivery; penalties 2711 
499 Delegation of powers to make awards; rules and regulations 2731 
505 Medal of honor: presentation of Medal of Honor Flag 2734 
496 Time limit on award; report concerning deed 2741 
497 Honorable subsequent service as condition to award 2742 
500 Lifesaving medals 2744 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
503 Awards and insignia for excellence in service or conduct 2747 
516 Presentation of United States flag upon retirement 2748 
509 Persons discharged as result of court martial; allowances to 2761 
511 Compensatory absence from duty for military personnel at isolated duty stations 2763 
512 Monetary allowance for transportation of household effects 2764 
513 Retroactive payment of pay and allowances delayed by administrative error or oversight 2765 
518 Reimbursement for medicalrelated travel expenses for certain persons residing on islands in the continental United States 2767 
519 Annual audit of pay and allowances of members undergoing permanent change of station 2768 
481 Payments at time of discharge for good of service 2776 Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
660 Transportation to and from certain places of employment 2779 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 27 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 2701 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—PERSONNEL RIGHTS AND BENEFITS’’; (2) by inserting before section 2731 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—AWARDS’’; and (3) by inserting before section 2761 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—PAYMENTS’’. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Chapter 29 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the chapter designation, the chapter heading, and the table of sections at the beginning and inserting the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 29—COAST GUARD FAMILY SUPPORT, CHILD CARE, AND HOUSING ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —COAST GUARD FAMILIES  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2901. Worklife policies and programs. ‘‘2902. Surveys of Coast Guard families. ‘‘2903. Reimbursement for adoption expenses. ‘‘2904. Education and training opportunities for Coast Guard spouses. ‘‘2905. Youth sponsorship initiatives. ‘‘2906. Dependent school children. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —COAST GUARD CHILD CARE  ‘‘2921. Definitions. ‘‘2922. Child development services. ‘‘2923. Child development center standards and inspections. ‘‘2924. Child development center employees. ‘‘2925. Parent partnerships with child development centers. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —HOUSING  ‘‘2941. Definitions. ‘‘2942. General authority. ‘‘2943. Leasing and hiring of quarters; rental of inadequate housing. ‘‘2944. Retired service members and dependents serving on advisory committees. ‘‘2945. Conveyance of real property. ‘‘2946. Coast Guard Housing Fund. ‘‘2947. Reports.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) REQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 29 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE.—The table referred to in paragraph (1) is the following: 
Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
542 Education and training opportunities for Coast Guard spouses 2904 
475 Leasing and hiring of quarters; rental of inadequate housing 2943 
680 Retired service members and dependents serving on advisory committees 2944 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 29 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 2901 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—COAST GUARD FAMILIES’’; (2) by inserting before section 2921 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—COAST GUARD CHILD CARE’’; and (3) by inserting before section 2941 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—HOUSING’’. 
SUBCHAPTER II —PERSONNEL  ‘‘3731. Definitions. ‘‘3732. Applicability of this subchapter. ‘‘3733. Suspension of this subchapter in time of war or national emergency. ‘‘3734. Effect of this subchapter on retirement and retired pay. ‘‘3735. Authorized number of officers. ‘‘3736. Precedence. ‘‘3737. Running mates. ‘‘3738. Constructive credit upon initial appointment. ‘‘3739. Promotion of Reserve officers on active duty. ‘‘3740. Promotion; recommendations of selection boards. ‘‘3741. Selection boards; appointment. ‘‘3742. Establishment of promotion zones under running mate system. ‘‘3743. Eligibility for promotion. ‘‘3744. Recommendation for promotion of an officer previously removed from an active status. ‘‘3745. Qualifications for promotion. ‘‘3746. Promotion; acceptance; oath of office. ‘‘3747. Date of rank upon promotion; entitlement to pay. ‘‘3748. Type of promotion; temporary. ‘‘3749. Effect of removal by the President or failure of consent of the Senate. ‘‘3750. Failure of selection for promotion. ‘‘3751. Failure of selection and removal from an active status. ‘‘3752. Retention boards; removal from an active status to provide a flow of promotion. ‘‘3753. Maximum ages for retention in an active status. ‘‘3754. Rear admiral and rear admiral (lower half); maximum service in grade. ‘‘3755. Appointment of a former Navy or Coast Guard officer. ‘‘3756. Grade on entry upon active duty. ‘‘3757. Recall of a retired officer; grade upon release.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) REQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 37 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE.—The table referred to in paragraph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
706 Temporary members of the Reserve; eligibility and compensation 3706 
707 Temporary members of the Reserve; disability or death benefits 3707 
708 Temporary members of the Reserve; certificate of honorable service 3708 
709 Reserve student aviation pilots; Reserve aviation pilots; appointments in commissioned grade 3709 
710 Appointment or wartime promotion; retention of grade upon release from active duty 3711 
712 Active duty for emergency augmentation of regular forces 3713 
722 Suspension of this subchapter in time of war or national emergency 3733 
723 Effect of this subchapter on retirement and retired pay 3734 
Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
728 Promotion of Reserve officers on active duty 3739 
731 Establishment of promotion zones under running mate system 3742 
733 Recommendation for promotion of an officer previously removed from an active status 3744 
736 Date of rank upon promotion; entitlement to pay 3747 
738 Effect of removal by the President or failure of consent of the Senate 3749 
740 Failure of selection and removal from an active status 3751 
741 Retention boards; removal from an active status to provide a flow of promotion 3752 
742 Maximum ages for retention in an active status 3753 
743 Rear admiral and rear admiral (lower half); maximum service in grade 3754 
744 Appointment of a former Navy or Coast Guard officer 3755 
746 Recall of a retired officer; grade upon release 3757 
(c) A DDITIONAL CHANGES .—Chapter 37 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by inserting before section 3701 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—ADMINISTRATION’’; and (2) by inserting before section 3731 (as so redesignated and transferred under subsection (b)) the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—PERSONNEL’’. SEC. 119. CHAPTER 39. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 37 (as added by section 118) the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 39—COAST GUARD AUXILIARY ‘‘Sec. ‘‘3901. Administration of the Coast Guard Auxiliary. ‘‘3902. Purpose of the Coast Guard Auxiliary. ‘‘3903. Eligibility; enrollments. ‘‘3904. Members of the Auxiliary; status. ‘‘3905. Disenrollment. ‘‘3906. Membership in other organizations. ‘‘3907. Use of member’s facilities. ‘‘3908. Vessel deemed public vessel. ‘‘3909. Aircraft deemed public aircraft. ‘‘3910. Radio station deemed government station. ‘‘3911. Availability of appropriations. ‘‘3912. Assignment and performance of duties. ‘‘3913. Injury or death in line of duty.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) REQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 39 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE.—The table referred to in paragraph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
832 Injury or death in line of duty 3913 SEC. 120. CHAPTER 41. 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 39 (as added by section 119) the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 41—GENERAL PROVISIONS FOR COAST GUARD RESERVE AND AUXILIARY ‘‘Sec. ‘‘4101. Flags; pennants; uniforms and insignia. ‘‘4102. Penalty. ‘‘4103. Limitation on rights of members of the Auxiliary and temporary members of the Reserve. ‘‘4104. Availability of facilities and appropriations.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) REQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 41 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE.—The table referred to in paragraph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
893 Limitation on rights of members of the Auxiliary and temporary members of the Reserve 4103 
Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
2704 Authorized levels of military strength and training 4904 
(a) I NITIAL MATTER .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding after chapter 49 (as added by section 121) the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 51—REPORTS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘5101. Transmission of annual Coast Guard authorization request. ‘‘5102. Capital investment plan. ‘‘5103. Major acquisitions. ‘‘5104. Manpower requirements plan. ‘‘5105. Inventory of real property. ‘‘5106. Annual performance report. ‘‘5107. Major acquisition risk assessment.’’. (b) REDESIGNATIONS AND TRANSFERS .— (1) REQUIREMENT .—The sections of title 14, United States Code, identified in the table provided in paragraph (2) are amended— (A) by redesignating the sections as described in the table; and (B) by transferring the sections, as necessary, so that the sections appear after the table of sections for chapter 51 of such title (as added by subsection (a)), in the order in which the sections are presented in the table. (2) TABLE.—The table referred to in paragraph (1) is the following: Title 14 section number before redesignation Section heading (provided for identification purposes onlynot amended) Title 14 section number after redesignation 
2901 Transmission of annual Coast Guard authorization request 5101 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the following definitions apply: (1) REDESIGNATED SECTION .—The term ‘‘redesignated section’’ means a section of title 14, United States Code, that is redesignated by this title, as that section is so redesignated. (2) SOURCE SECTION .—The term ‘‘source section’’ means a section of title 14, United States Code, that is redesignated by this title, as that section was in effect before the redesignation. (b) REFERENCE TO SOURCE SECTION .— (1) TREATMENT OF REFERENCE .—A reference to a source section, including a reference in a regulation, order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the corresponding redesignated section. (2) TITLE 14 .—In title 14, United States Code, each reference in the text of such title to a source section is amended by striking such reference and inserting a reference to the appropriate, as determined using the tables located in this title, redesignated section. (c) OTHER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) REFERENCE TO SECTION 182 .—Section 1923(c) of title 14, United States Code, as so redesignated by this title, is further amended by striking ‘‘section 182’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1922’’. (2) REFERENCES TO CHAPTER 11 .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) in section 2146(d), as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 11 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘this chapter’’; and (B) in section 3739, as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 11’’ each place that it appears and inserting ‘‘chapter 21’’. (3) REFERENCE TO CHAPTER 13 .—Section 3705(b) of title 14, United States Code, as so redesignated by this title, is further amended by striking ‘‘chapter 13’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 27’’. (4) REFERENCE TO CHAPTER 15 .—Section 308(b)(3) of title 14, United States Code, as so redesignated by this title, is further amended by striking ‘‘chapter 15’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 11’’. (5) REFERENCES TO CHAPTER 19 .—Title 14, United States Code, is further amended— (A) in section 4901(4), as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 19’’ and inserting ‘‘section 318’’; and (B) in section 4902(4), as so redesignated by this title, by striking ‘‘chapter 19’’ and inserting ‘‘section 318’’. (6) REFERENCE TO CHAPTER 23 .—Section 701(a) of title 14, United States Code, as so redesignated by this title, is further amended by striking ‘‘chapter 23’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 39’’. 
This title, including the amendments made by this title, is intended only to reorganize title 14, United States Code, and may not be construed to alter— (1) the effect of a provision of title 14, United States Code, including any authority or requirement therein; (2) a department or agency interpretation with respect to title 14, United States Code; or (3) a judicial interpretation with respect to title 14, United States Code. TITLE II—AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 201. AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE, AS AMENDED BY TITLE I OF THIS ACT. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or a repeal of, a section or other provision of title 14, United States Code, the reference shall be considered to be made to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this Act. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 4902. Authorizations of appropriations ‘‘(a) FISCAL YEAR2018.—Funds are authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 for necessary expenses of the Coast Guard as follows: ‘‘(1) For the operation and maintenance of the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for, $7,210,313,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(2) For the acquisition, construction, renovation, and improvement of aids to navigation, shore facilities, vessels, aircraft, and systems, including equipment related thereto, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $2,694,745,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(3) For the Coast Guard Reserve program, including operations and maintenance of the program, personnel and training costs, equipment, and services, $114,875,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(4) For the environmental compliance and restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 3 of this title, $13,397,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(5) To the Commandant for research, development, test, and evaluation of technologies, materials, and human factors directly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard’s mission with respect to search and rescue, aids to navigation, marine safety, marine environmental protection, enforcement of laws and treaties, ice operations, oceanographic research, and defense readiness, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $29,141,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(b) FISCAL YEAR2019.—Funds are authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for necessary expenses of the Coast Guard as follows: ‘‘(1)(A) For the operation and maintenance of the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for, $7,914,195,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(B) Of the amount authorized under subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) $16,701,000 shall be for environmental compliance and restoration; and ‘‘(ii) $199,360,000 shall be for the Coast Guard’s Medicareeligible retiree health care fund contribution to the Department of Defense. ‘‘(2) For the procurement, construction, renovation, and improvement of aids to navigation, shore facilities, vessels, aircraft, and systems, including equipment related thereto, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $2,694,745,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(3) To the Commandant for research, development, test, and evaluation of technologies, materials, and human factors directly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard’s mission with respect to search and rescue, aids to navigation, marine safety, marine environmental protection, enforcement of laws and treaties, ice operations, oceanographic research, and defense readiness, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $29,141,000 for fiscal year 2019.’’. (b) REPEAL .—On October 1, 2018— (1) section 4902(a) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), shall be repealed; and (2) subsection 4902(b) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), shall be amended by striking ‘‘(b) FISCAL YEAR2019.—’’. 
SEC. 203. AUTHORIZED LEVELS OF MILITARY STRENGTH AND TRAINING. 
Section 4904 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2018 and 44,500 for fiscal year 2019’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2018 and 2019’’. 
SEC. 204. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS FOR FAST RESPONSE CUTTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the amounts authorized under section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 up to $167,500,000 is authorized for the acquisition of 3 Fast Response Cutters. (b) TREATMENT OF ACQUIRED CUTTERS .—Any cutters acquired pursuant to subsection (a) shall be in addition to the 58 cutters approved under the existing acquisition baseline. 
Of the amounts authorized under section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 
up to $167,500,000 is authorized for the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to fund the acquisition, construction, rebuilding, or improvement of Coast Guard shoreside infrastructure and facilities necessary to support Coast Guard operations and readiness. 
Of the amounts authorized under section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 up to $3,500,000 is authorized for the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to fund analysis and program development for improvements to or the replacement of rotarywing aircraft. TITLE III—COAST GUARD 
SEC. 301. AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 14, UNITED STATES CODE, AS AMENDED BY TITLE I OF THIS ACT. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or a repeal of, a section or other provision of title 14, United States Code, the reference shall be considered to be made to title 14, United States Code, as amended by title I of this Act. 
Section 102(7) of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(7) maintain a state of readiness to assist in the defense of the United States, including when functioning as a specialized service in the Navy pursuant to section 103.’’. 
Section 316 of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 316. National Coast Guard Museum ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—The Commandant may establish a National Coast Guard Museum, on lands which will be federally owned and administered by the Coast Guard, and are located in New London, Connecticut, at, or in close proximity to, the Coast Guard Academy. ‘‘(b) LIMITATION ON EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(1) The Secretary shall not expend any funds appropriated to the Coast Guard on the construction of any museum established under this section. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall fund the National Coast Guard Museum with nonappropriated and nonFederal funds to the maximum extent practicable. The priority use of Federal funds should be to preserve and protect historic Coast Guard artifacts, including the design, fabrication, and installation of exhibits or displays in which such artifacts are included. ‘‘(3) The Secretary may expend funds appropriated to the Coast Guard on the engineering and design of a National Coast Guard Museum. ‘‘(c) FUNDING PLAN.—Before the date on which the Commandant establishes a National Coast Guard Museum under subsection (a), the Commandant shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a plan for constructing, operating, and maintaining such a museum, including— ‘‘(1) estimated planning, engineering, design, construction, operation, and maintenance costs; ‘‘(2) the extent to which appropriated, nonappropriated, and nonFederal funds will be used for such purposes, including the extent to which there is any shortfall in funding for engineering, design, or construction; and ‘‘(3) a certification by the Inspector General of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating that the estimates provided pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2) are reasonable and realistic. ‘‘(d) AUTHORITY .—The Commandant may not establish a National Coast Guard museum except as set forth in this section.’’. 
(a) L ANDBASED UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM  PROGRAM .—Chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 319. Landbased unmanned aircraft system program ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary shall establish a landbased unmanned aircraft system program under the control of the Commandant. ‘‘(b) UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘unmanned aircraft system’ has the meaning given that term in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’. (b) LIMITATION ON UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS.—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1155 the following: ‘‘§ 1156. Limitation on unmanned aircraft systems ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—During any fiscal year for which funds are appropriated for the design or construction of an Offshore Patrol Cutter, the Commandant— ‘‘(1) may not award a contract for design of an unmanned aircraft system for use by the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(2) may lease, acquire, or acquire the services of an unmanned aircraft system only if such system— ‘‘(A) has been part of a program of record of, procured by, or used by a Federal entity (or funds for research, development, test, and evaluation have been received from a Federal entity with regard to such system) before the date on which the Commandant leases, acquires, or acquires the services of the system; and ‘‘(B) is leased, acquired, or utilized by the Commandant through an agreement with a Federal entity, unless such an agreement is not practicable or would be less costeffective than an independent contract action by the Coast Guard. ‘‘(b) SMALL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT EXEMP TION.—Subsection (a)(2) does not apply to small unmanned aircraft. ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘small unmanned aircraft’ and ‘unmanned aircraft system’ have the meanings given those terms in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) CHAPTER 3 .—The analysis for chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘319. Landbased unmanned aircraft system program.’’. (2) CHAPTER 11 .—The analysis for chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1155 the following: ‘‘1156. Limitation on unmanned aircraft systems.’’. (d) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (c) of section 1105 of title 14, United States Code, is repealed. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 507 the following: ‘‘§ 508. Coast Guard healthcare professionals; licensure portability ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law regarding the licensure of healthcare providers, a healthcare professional described in subsection (b) may practice the health profession or professions of the health care professional at any location in any State, the District of Columbia, or a Commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States, regardless of where such healthcare professional or the patient is located, if the practice is within the scope of the authorized Federal duties of such healthcare professional. ‘‘(b) DESCRIBED INDIVIDUALS .—A healthcare professional described in this subsection is an individual— ‘‘(1) who is— ‘‘(A) a member of the Coast Guard; ‘‘(B) a civilian employee of the Coast Guard; ‘‘(C) a member of the Public Health Service who is assigned to the Coast Guard; or ‘‘(D) any other healthcare professional credentialed and privileged at a Federal health care institution or location specially designated by the Secretary; and ‘‘(2) who— ‘‘(A) has a current license to practice medicine, osteopathic medicine, dentistry, or another health profession; and ‘‘(B) is performing authorized duties for the Coast Guard. ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘license’ and ‘healthcare professional’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1094(e) of title 10.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 507 the following: ‘‘508. Coast Guard healthcare professionals; licensure portability.’’. (c) ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORDS .— (1) SYSTEM .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard is authorized to procure for the Coast Guard an electronic health record system that— (A) has been competitively awarded by the Department of Defense; and (B) ensures full integration with the Department of Defense electronic health record systems. (2) SUPPORT SERVICES .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Commandant is authorized to procure support services for the electronic health record system procured under paragraph (1) necessary to ensure full integration with the Department of Defense electronic health record systems. (B) SCOPE.—Support services procured pursuant to this paragraph may include services for the following: (i) System integration support. (ii) Hosting support. (iii) Training, testing, technical, and data migration support. (iv) Hardware support. (v) Any other support the Commandant considers appropriate. (3) AUTHORIZED PROCUREMENT ACTIONS .—The Commandant is authorized to procure an electronic health record system under this subsection through the following: (A) A task order under the Department of Defense electronic health record contract. (B) A sole source contract award. (C) An agreement made pursuant to sections 1535 and 1536 of title 31, United States Code. (D) A contract or other procurement vehicle otherwise authorized. (4) COMPETITION IN CONTRACTING ; EXEMP TION.—Procurement of an electronic health record system and support services pursuant to this subsection shall be exempt from the competition requirements of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 718. Training; emergency response providers ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Commandant may, on a reimbursable or a nonreimbursable basis, make a training available to emergency response providers whenever the Commandant determines that— ‘‘(1) a member of the Coast Guard, who is scheduled to participate in such training, is unable or unavailable to participate in such training; ‘‘(2) no other member of the Coast Guard, who is assigned to the unit to which the member of the Coast Guard who is unable or unavailable 
to participate in such training is assigned, is able or available to participate in such training; and ‘‘(3) such training, if made available to such emergency response providers, would further the goal of interoperability among Federal agencies, nonFederal governmental agencies, or both. ‘‘(b) EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROVIDERS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘emergency response providers’ has the meaning given that term in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101). ‘‘(c) TREATMENT OF REIMBURSEMENT .—Any reimbursements for a training that the Coast Guard receives under this section shall be credited to the appropriation used to pay the costs for such training. ‘‘(d) STATUS ; LIMITATION ON LIABILITY .— ‘‘(1) STATUS .—Any individual to whom, as an emergency response provider, training is made available under this section, who is not otherwise a Federal employee, shall not, because of that training, be considered a Federal employee for any purpose (including the purposes of chapter 81 of title 5 (relating to compensation for injury) and sections 2671 through 2680 of title 28 (relating to tort claims)). ‘‘(2) LIMITATION ON LIABILITY .—The United States shall not be liable for actions taken by an individual in the course of training made available under this section.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 7 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘718. Training; emergency response providers.’’. 
SEC. 307. INCENTIVE CONTRACTS FOR COAST GUARD YARD AND INDUSTRIAL ESTABLISHMENTS. 
Section 939 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting before ‘‘The Secretary may’’ the following: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—’’; (2) in subsection (a), as so designated by paragraph (1) of this section, by striking the period at the end of the last sentence and inserting ‘‘or in accordance with subsection (b).’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) INCENTIVE CONTRACTS .— ‘‘(1) The parties to an order for industrial work to be performed by the Coast Guard Yard or a Coast Guard industrial establishment designated under subsection (a) may enter into an order or a costplusincentivefee order in accordance with this subsection. ‘‘(2) If such parties enter into such an order or a costplusincentivefee order, an agreedupon amount of any adjustment described in subsection (a) may be distributed as an incentive to the wagegrade industrial employees who complete the order. ‘‘(3) Before entering into such an order or costplusincentivefee order such parties must agree that the wagegrade employees of the Coast Guard Yard or Coast Guard industrial establishment will take action to improve the delivery schedule or technical performance agreed to in the order for industrial work to which such parties initially agreed. ‘‘(4) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, if the industrial workforce of the Coast Guard Yard or Coast Guard industrial establishment satisfies the performance target established in such an order or costplusincentivefee order— ‘‘(A) the adjustment to be made pursuant to subsection (a) shall be reduced by an agreed upon amount and distributed to such wage grade industrial employees; and ‘‘(B) the remainder of the adjustment shall be credited to the appropriation for such order current at that time.’’. 
Section 944 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$45,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$250,000’’. 
Section 2149(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘zone is’’ and inserting ‘‘zone, or from being placed at the top of the list of selectees promulgated by the Secretary under section 2121(a) of this title, is’’; and (2) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘or placed at the top of the list of selectees, as applicable.’’. SEC. 310. CONVERSION, ALTERATION, AND REPAIR PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 951 the following: ‘‘§ 952. Construction of Coast Guard vessels and assignment of vessel projects ‘‘The assignment of Coast Guard vessel conversion, alteration, and repair projects shall be based on economic and military considerations and may not be restricted by a requirement that certain parts of Coast Guard shipwork be assigned to a particular type of shipyard or geographical area or by a similar requirement.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 9 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 951 the following: ‘‘952. Construction of Coast Guard vessels and assignment of vessel projects.’’. 
(a) G ENERAL ACQUISITION AUTHORITY .—Sec tion 501(d) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘aircraft, and systems,’’ after ‘‘vessels,’’. (b) CONTRACTING AUTHORITY .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 1136 the following: ‘‘§ 1137. Contracting for major acquisitions programs ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—In carrying out authorities provided to the Secretary to design, construct, accept, or otherwise acquire assets and systems under section 501(d), the Secretary, acting through the Commandant or the head of an integrated program office established for a major acquisition program, may enter into contracts for a major acquisition program. ‘‘(b) AUTHORIZED METHODS .—Contracts entered into under subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) may be block buy contracts; ‘‘(2) may be incrementally funded; ‘‘(3) may include combined purchases, also known as economic order quantity purchases, of— ‘‘(A) materials and components; and ‘‘(B) long lead time materials; and ‘‘(4) as provided in section 2306b of title 10, may be multiyear contracts. ‘‘(c) SUBJECT TO APPROPRIATIONS .—Any con tract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract is subject to the availability of amounts specifically provided in advance for that purpose in subsequent appropriations Acts.’’. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1136 the following: ‘‘1137. Contracting for major acquisitions programs.’’. (d) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The fol lowing provisions are repealed: (1) Section 223 of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (14 U.S.C. 1152 note), and the item relating to that section in the table of contents in section 2 of such Act. (2) Section 221(a) of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (14 U.S.C. 1133 note). (3) Section 207(a) of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2016 (14 U.S.C. 561 note). (e) INTERNAL REGULATIONS AND POLICY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall establish the internal regulations and policies necessary to exercise the authorities provided under this section, including the amendments made in this section. (f) MULTIYEAR CONTRACTS .—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating is authorized to enter into a multiyear contract for the procurement of a tenth, eleventh, and twelfth National Security Cutter and associated governmentfurnished equipment. 
Section 2111(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sixtenths.’’ and inserting ‘‘onehalf.’’. 
Section 2129(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘designated under section 2317’’ after ‘‘cadet’’. 
For Coast Guard officers who retire in fiscal year 2018 or 2019, the President may reduce the period of active commissioned service required under section 2152 of title 14, United States Code, to a period of not less than 8 years. 
SEC. 315. LEAVE FOR BIRTH OR ADOPTION OF CHILD. 
(a) P OLICY .—Section 2512 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than 1 year’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), not later than 1 year’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) LEAVE ASSOCIATED WITHBIRTH OR ADOPTION OF CHILD.—Notwithstanding subsection (a), sections 701 and 704 of title 10, or any other provision of law, all officers and enlisted members of the Coast Guard shall be authorized leave associated with the birth or adoption of a child during the 1year period immediately following such birth or adoption and, at the discretion of the Commanding Officer, such officer or enlisted member shall be permitted— ‘‘(1) to take such leave in increments; and ‘‘(2) to use flexible work schedules (pursuant to a program established by the Secretary in accordance with chapter 61 of title 5).’’. (b) FLEXIBLE WORK SCHEDULES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall ensure that a flexible work schedule program under chapter 61 of title 5, United States Code, is in place for officers and enlisted members of the Coast Guard. 
Section 2705 of title 14, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 27 of that title, are repealed. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5102 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the President submits to Congress a budget pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a capital investment plan for the Coast Guard that identifies for each capital asset for which appropriations are proposed in that budget— ‘‘(1) the proposed appropriations included in the budget; ‘‘(2) the total estimated cost of completion based on the proposed appropriations included in the budget; ‘‘(3) projected funding levels for each fiscal year for the next 5 fiscal years or until project completion, whichever is earlier; ‘‘(4) an estimated completion date based on the proposed appropriations included in the budget; 
‘‘(5) an acquisition program baseline, as applicable; and ‘‘(6) projected commissioning and decommissioning dates for each asset.’’; and (2) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the term ‘new capital asset’ means— ‘‘(1) an acquisition program that does not have an approved acquisition program baseline; or ‘‘(2) the acquisition of a capital asset in excess of the number included in the approved acquisition program baseline.’’. (b) UNFUNDED PRIORITIES .—Chapter 51 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 5108. Unfunded priorities list ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the President submits to Congress a budget pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a list of each unfunded priority for the Coast Guard. ‘‘(b) PRIORITIZATION .—The list required under subsection (a) shall present the unfunded priorities in order from the highest priority to the lowest, as determined by the Commandant. ‘‘(c) UNFUNDED PRIORITY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘unfunded priority’ means a program or mission requirement that— ‘‘(1) has not been selected for funding in the applicable proposed budget; ‘‘(2) is necessary to fulfill a requirement associated with an operational need; and ‘‘(3) the Commandant would have recommended for inclusion in the applicable proposed budget had additional resources been available or had the requirement emerged before the budget was submitted.’’. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 51 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘5108. Unfunded priorities list.’’. 
SEC. 318. SAFETY OF VESSELS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 527 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ naval ves sels’’ and inserting ‘‘vessels of the Armed Forces’’; (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘United States naval vessel’’ and inserting ‘‘vessel of the Armed Forces’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘senior naval officer present in command’’ and inserting ‘‘senior officer present in command’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘United States naval vessel’’ and inserting ‘‘vessel of the Armed Forces’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) For purposes of this title, the term ‘vessel of the Armed Forces’ means— ‘‘(1) any vessel owned or operated by the Department of Defense or the Coast Guard, other than a time or voyagechartered vessel; and ‘‘(2) any vessel owned and operated by the Department of Transportation that is designated by the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating as a vessel equivalent to a vessel described in paragraph (1).’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 5 of title 14, United States Code, is further amended by striking the item relating to section 527 and inserting the following: ‘‘527. Safety of vessels of the Armed Forces.’’. (c) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 2510(a)(1) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘armed forces’’ and inserting ‘‘Armed Forces’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘section 101(a) of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 527(e)’’. SEC. 319. AIR FACILITIES. 
Section 912 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a); (2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (a) and (b), respectively; (3) in subsection (a) as redesignated— (A) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) PUBLIC NOTICE AND COMMENT .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Prior to closing an air facility, the Secretary shall provide opportunities for public comment, including the convening of public meetings in communities in the area of responsibility of the air facility with regard to the proposed closure or cessation of operations at the air facility. ‘‘(B) PUBLIC MEETINGS .—Prior to convening a public meeting under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall notify each congressional office representing any portion of the area of responsibility of the air station that is the subject to such public meeting of the schedule and location of such public meeting.’’; (B) in paragraph (4)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’; and (ii) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) submit to the Congress a proposal for such closure, cessation, or reduction in operations along with the budget of the President submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31 that includes— ‘‘(i) a discussion of the determination made by the Secretary pursuant to paragraph (2); and ‘‘(ii) a report summarizing the public comments received by the Secretary under paragraph (3)’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW .—The Secretary may not close, cease operations, or significantly reduce personnel and use of a Coast Guard air facility for which a written notice is provided under paragraph (4)(A) until a period of 18 months beginning on the date on which such notice is provided has elapsed.’’. TITLE IV—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY 
SEC. 401. CODIFICATION OF PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY ACT. 
(a) C ODIFICATION .—Subtitle VII of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting before chapter 701 the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 700—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER A —VESSEL OPERATIONS  ‘‘70001. Vessel traffic services. ‘‘70002. Special powers. ‘‘70003. Port access routes. ‘‘70004. Considerations by Secretary. ‘‘70005. International agreements. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER B —PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY  ‘‘70011. Waterfront safety. ‘‘70012. Navigational hazards. ‘‘70013. Requirement to notify Coast Guard of release of objects into the navigable waters of the United States. ‘‘
PORTS IN THE UNITED STATES  ‘‘70021. Conditions for entry to ports in the united states. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER D —DEFINITIONS , REGULATIONS , ENFORCEMENT , INVESTIGATORY POWERS , APPLICA BILITY  ‘‘70031. Definitions. ‘‘70032. Saint Lawrence Seaway. ‘‘70033. Limitation on application to foreign vessels. ‘‘70034. Regulations. ‘‘70035. Investigatory powers. ‘‘70036. Enforcement. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—VESSEL OPERATIONS ‘‘§ 70001. Vessel traffic services ‘‘(a) Subject to the requirements of section 70004, the Secretary— ‘‘(1) in any port or place under the jurisdiction of the United States, in the navigable waters of the United States, or in any area covered by an international agreement negotiated pursuant to section 70005, may construct, operate, maintain, improve, or expand vessel traffic services, that consist of measures for controlling or supervising vessel traffic or for protecting navigation and the marine environment and that may include one or more of reporting and operating requirements, surveillance and communications systems, routing systems, and fairways; ‘‘(2) shall require appropriate vessels that operate in an area of a vessel traffic service to utilize or comply with that service; ‘‘(3)(A) may require vessels to install and use specified navigation equipment, communications equipment, electronic relative motion analyzer equipment, or any electronic or other device necessary to comply with a vessel traffic service or that is necessary in the interests of vessel safety. ‘‘(B) Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall not require fishing vessels under 300 gross tons as measured under section 14502, or an alternate tonnage measured under section 14302 as prescribed by the Secretary under section 14104, or recreational vessels 65 feet or less to possess or use the equipment or devices required by this subsection solely under the authority of this chapter; ‘‘(4) may control vessel traffic in areas subject to the jurisdiction of the United States that the Secretary determines to be hazardous, or under conditions of reduced visibility, adverse weather, vessel congestion, or other hazardous circumstances, by— ‘‘(A) specifying times of entry, movement, or departure; ‘‘(B) establishing vessel traffic routing schemes; ‘‘(C) establishing vessel size, speed, or draft limitations and vessel operating conditions; and ‘‘(D) restricting operation, in any hazardous area or under hazardous conditions, to vessels that have particular operating characteristics or capabilities that the Secretary considers necessary for safe operation under the circumstances; ‘‘(5) may require the receipt of prearrival messages from any vessel, destined for a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, in sufficient time to permit advance vessel traffic planning before port entry, which shall include any information that is not already a matter of record and that the Secretary determines necessary for the control of the vessel and the safety of the port or the marine environment; and ‘‘(6) may prohibit the use on vessels of electronic or other devices that interfere with communication and navigation equipment, except that such authority shall not apply to electronic or other devices certified to transmit in the maritime services by the Federal Communications Commission and used within the frequency bands 157.1875–157.4375 MHz and 161.7875– 162.0375 MHz. ‘‘(b) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter into cooperative agreements with public or private agencies, authorities, associations, institutions, corporations, organizations, or other persons to carry out the functions under subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(2) LIMITATION .— ‘‘(A) A nongovernmental entity may not under this subsection carry out an inherently governmental function. ‘‘(B) As used in this paragraph, the term ‘inherently governmental function’ means any activity that is so intimately related to the public interest as to mandate performance by an officer or employee of the Federal Government, including an activity that requires either the exercise of discretion in applying the authority of the Government or the use of judgment in making a decision for the Government. 
‘‘(c) L IMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR COAST GUARD VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE PILOTS AND  NONFEDERAL VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE OPERATORS.— ‘‘(1) COAST GUARD VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE PI LOTS.—Any pilot, acting in the course and scope of his or her duties while at a Coast Guard Vessel Traffic Service, who provides information, advice, or communication assistance while under the supervision of a Coast Guard officer, member, or employee shall not be liable for damages caused by or related to such assistance unless the acts or omissions of such pilot constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct. ‘‘(2) NONFEDERAL VESSEL TRAFFIC SERVICE  
OPERATORS .—An entity operating a nonFederal vessel traffic information service or advisory service pursuant to a duly executed written agreement with the Coast Guard, and any pilot acting on behalf of such entity, is not liable for damages caused by or related to information, advice, or communication assistance provided by such entity or pilot while so operating or acting unless the acts or omissions of such entity or pilot constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct. ‘‘§ 70002. Special powers ‘‘The Secretary may order any vessel, in a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States or in the navigable waters of the United States, to operate or anchor in a manner the Secretary directs if— ‘‘(1) the Secretary has reasonable cause to believe such vessel does not comply with any regulation issued under section 70034 or any other applicable law or treaty; ‘‘(2) the Secretary determines such vessel does not satisfy the conditions for port entry set forth in section 70021 of this title; or ‘‘(3) by reason of weather, visibility, sea conditions, port congestion, other hazardous circumstances, or the condition of such vessel, the Secretary is satisfied such direction is justified in the interest of safety. ‘‘§ 70003. Port access routes ‘‘(a) AUTHORITY TODESIGNATE .—Except as provided in subsection (b) and subject to the requirements of subsection (c), in order to provide safe access routes for the movement of vessel traffic proceeding to or from ports or places subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, the Secretary shall designate necessary fairways and traffic separation schemes for vessels operating in the territorial sea of the United States and in high seas approaches, outside the territorial sea, to such ports or places. Such a designation shall recognize, within the designated area, the paramount right of navigation over all other uses. ‘‘(b) LIMITATION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—No designation may be made by the Secretary under this section if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines such a designation, as implemented, would deprive any person of the effective exercise of a right granted by a lease or permit executed or issued under other applicable provisions of law; and ‘‘(B) such right has become vested before the time of publication of the notice required by paragraph (1) of subsection (c). ‘‘(2) CONSULTATION REQUIRED .—The Secretary shall make the determination under paragraph (1)(A) after consultation with the head of the agency responsible for executing the lease or issuing the permit. ‘‘(c) CONSIDERATION OF OTHER USES.—Before making a designation under subsection (a), and in accordance with the requirements of section 70004, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) undertake a study of the potential traffic density and the need for safe access routes for vessels in any area for which fairways or traffic separation schemes are proposed or that may otherwise be considered and publish notice of such undertaking in the Federal Register; ‘‘(2) in consultation with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of the Army, and the Governors of affected States, as their responsibilities may require, take into account all other uses of the area under consideration, including, as appropriate, the exploration for, or exploitation of, oil, gas, or other mineral resources, the construction or operation of deepwater ports or other structures on or above the seabed or subsoil of the submerged lands or the Outer Continental Shelf of the United States, the establishment or operation of marine or estuarine sanctuaries, and activities involving recreational or commercial fishing; and ‘‘(3) to the extent practicable, reconcile the need for safe access routes with the needs of all other reasonable uses of the area involved. ‘‘(d) STUDY .—In carrying out the Secretary’s responsibilities under subsection (c), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) proceed expeditiously to complete any study undertaken; and ‘‘(2) after completion of such a study, promptly— ‘‘(A) issue a notice of proposed rulemaking for the designation contemplated; or ‘‘(B) publish in the Federal Register a notice that no designation is contemplated as a result of the study and the reason for such determination. ‘‘(e) IMPLEMENTATION OF DESIGNATION .—In connection with a designation made under this section, the Secretary— ‘‘(1) shall issue reasonable rules and regulations governing the use of such designated areas, including rules and regulations regarding the applicability of rules 9 and 10 of the International Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea, 1972, relating to narrow channels and traffic separation schemes, respectively, in waters where such regulations apply; ‘‘(2) to the extent that the Secretary finds reasonable and necessary to effectuate the purposes of the designation, make the use of designated fairways and traffic separation schemes mandatory for specific types and sizes of vessels, foreign and domestic, operating in the territorial sea of the United States and for specific types and sizes of vessels of the United States operating on the high seas beyond the territorial sea of the United States; ‘‘(3) may, from time to time, as necessary, adjust the location or limits of designated fairways or traffic separation schemes in order to accommodate the needs of other uses that cannot be reasonably accommodated otherwise, except that such an adjustment may not, in the judgment of the Secretary, unacceptably adversely affect the purpose for which the existing designation was made and the need for which continues; and ‘‘(4) shall, through appropriate channels— ‘‘(A) notify cognizant international organizations of any designation, or adjustment thereof; and ‘‘(B) take action to seek the cooperation of foreign States in making it mandatory for vessels under their control to use, to the same extent as required by the Secretary for vessels of the United States, any fairway or traffic separation scheme designated under this section in any area of the high seas. ‘‘§ 70004. Considerations by Secretary ‘‘In carrying out the duties of the Secretary under sections 70001, 70002, and 70003, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) take into account all relevant factors concerning navigation and vessel safety, protection of the marine environment, and the safety and security of United States ports and waterways, including— ‘‘(A) the scope and degree of the risk or hazard involved; ‘‘(B) vessel traffic characteristics and trends, including traffic volume, the sizes and types of vessels involved, potential interference with the flow of commercial traffic, the presence of any unusual cargoes, and other similar factors; ‘‘(C) port and waterway configurations and variations in local conditions of geography, climate, and other similar factors; ‘‘(D) the need for granting exemptions for the installation and use of equipment or devices for use with vessel traffic services for certain classes of small vessels, such as selfpropelled fishing vessels and recreational vessels; ‘‘(E) the proximity of fishing grounds, oil and gas drilling and production operations, or any other potential or actual conflicting activity; ‘‘(F) environmental factors; ‘‘(G) economic impact and effects; ‘‘(H) existing vessel traffic services; and ‘‘(I) local practices and customs, including voluntary arrangements and agreements within the maritime community; and ‘‘(2) at the earliest possible time, consult with and receive and consider the views of representatives of the maritime community, ports and harbor authorities or associations, environmental groups, and other persons who may be affected by the proposed actions. ‘‘§ 70005. International agreements ‘‘(a) TRANSMITTAL OF REGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall transmit, via the Secretary of State, to appropriate international bodies or forums, any regulations issued under this subchapter, for consideration as international standards. ‘‘(b) AGREEMENTS .—The President is authorized and encouraged to— ‘‘(1) enter into negotiations and conclude and execute agreements with neighboring nations, to establish compatible vessel standards and vessel traffic services, and to establish, operate, and maintain international vessel traffic services, in areas and under circumstances of mutual concern; and ‘‘(2) enter into negotiations, through appropriate international bodies, and conclude and execute agreements to establish vessel traffic services in appropriate areas of the high seas. ‘‘(c) OPERATIONS .—The Secretary, pursuant to any agreement negotiated under subsection (b) that is binding upon the United States in accordance with constitutional requirements, may— ‘‘(1) require vessels operating in an area of a vessel traffic service to utilize or to comply with the vessel traffic service, including the carrying or installation of equipment and devices as necessary for the use of the service; and ‘‘(2) waive, by order or regulation, the application of any United States law or regulation concerning the design, construction, operation, equipment, personnel qualifications, and manning standards for vessels operating in waters over which the United States exercises jurisdiction if such vessel is not en route to or from a United States port or place, and if vessels en route to or from a United States port or place are accorded equivalent waivers of laws and regulations of the neighboring nation, when operating in waters over which that nation exercises jurisdiction. ‘‘(d) SHIP REPORTING SYSTEMS .—The Sec retary, in cooperation with the International Maritime Organization, may implement and enforce two mandatory ship reporting systems, consistent with international law, with respect to vessels subject to such reporting systems entering the following areas of the Atlantic Ocean: ‘‘(1) Cape Cod Bay, Massachusetts Bay, and Great South Channel (in the area generally bounded by a line starting from a point on Cape Ann, Massachusetts at 42 deg. 39 ′ N., 70 deg. 37′ W; then northeast to 42 deg. 45 ′ N., 70 deg. 13′ W; then southeast to 42 deg. 10 ′ N., 68 deg. 31′ W, then south to 41 deg. 00 ′ N., 68 deg. 31′ W; then west to 41 deg. 00′ N., 69 deg. 17′ W; then northeast to 42 deg. 05′ N., 70 deg. 02′ W, then west to 42 deg. 04′ N., 70 deg. 10′ W; and then along the Massachusetts shoreline of Cape Cod Bay and Massachusetts Bay back to the point on Cape Ann at 42 deg. 39′ N., 70 deg. 37′ W). ‘‘(2) In the coastal waters of the Southeastern United States within about 25 nm along a 90 nm stretch of the Atlantic seaboard (in an area generally extending from the shoreline east to longitude 80 deg. 51.6′ W with the southern and 
northern boundary at latitudes 30 deg. 00 ′ N., 31 deg. 27′ N., respectively). ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—PORTS AND WATERWAYS SAFETY ‘‘§ 70011. Waterfront safety ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Secretary may take such action as is necessary to— ‘‘(1) prevent damage to, or the destruction of, any bridge or other structure on or in the navigable waters of the United States, or any land structure or shore area immediately adjacent to such waters; and ‘‘(2) protect the navigable waters and the resources therein from harm resulting from vessel or structure damage, destruction, or loss. ‘‘(b) ACTIONS AUTHORIZED .—Actions authorized by subsection (a) include— ‘‘(1) establishing procedures, measures, and standards for the handling, loading, unloading, storage, stowage, and movement on a structure (including the emergency removal, control, and disposition) of explosives or other dangerous articles and substances, including oil or hazardous material as those terms are defined in section 2101; ‘‘(2) prescribing minimum safety equipment requirements for a structure to assure adequate protection from fire, explosion, natural disaster, and other serious accidents or casualties; ‘‘(3) establishing water or waterfront safety zones, or other measures, for limited, controlled, or conditional access and activity when necessary for the protection of any vessel, structure, waters, or shore area; and ‘‘(4) establishing procedures for examination to assure compliance with the requirements prescribed under this section. ‘‘(c) STATE LAW.—Nothing in this section, with respect to structures, prohibits a State or political subdivision thereof from prescribing higher safety equipment requirements or safety standards than those that may be prescribed by regulations under this section. ‘‘§ 70012. Navigational hazards ‘‘(a) REPORTING PROCEDURE .—The Secretary shall establish a program to encourage fishermen and other vessel operators to report potential or existing navigational hazards involving pipelines to the Secretary through Coast Guard field offices. ‘‘(b) SECRETARY ’SRESPONSE .— ‘‘(1) NOTIFICATION BY THE OPERATOR OF A  
PIPELINE .—Upon notification by the operator of a pipeline of a hazard to navigation with respect to that pipeline, the Secretary shall immediately notify Coast Guard headquarters, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, other affected Federal and State agencies, and vessel owners and operators in the pipeline’s vicinity. ‘‘(2) NOTIFICATION BY OTHER PERSONS .—Upon notification by any other person of a hazard or potential hazard to navigation with respect to a pipeline, the Secretary shall promptly determine whether a hazard exists, and if so shall immediately notify Coast Guard headquarters, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, other affected Federal and State agencies, vessel owners and operators in the pipeline’s vicinity, and the owner and operator of the pipeline. ‘‘(c) PIPELINE DEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘pipeline’ has the meaning given the term ‘pipeline facility’ in section 60101(a)(18) of title 49. ‘‘§ 70013. Requirement to notify Coast Guard of release of objects into the navigable waters of the United States ‘‘(a) REQUIREMENT .—As soon as a person has knowledge of any release from a vessel or facility into the navigable waters of the United States of any object that creates an obstruction prohibited under section 10 of the Act of March 3, 1899, popularly known as the Rivers and Harbors Appropriations Act of 1899 (33 U.S.C. 403), such person shall notify the Secretary and the Secretary of the Army of such release. ‘‘(b) RESTRICTION ON USE OF NOTIFICATION .— Any notification provided by an individual in accordance with subsection (a) may not be used against such individual in any criminal case, except a prosecution for perjury or for giving a false statement. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—CONDITION FOR ENTRY INTO PORTS IN THE UNITED STATES ‘‘§ 70021. Conditions for entry to ports in the United States ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—No vessel that is subject to chapter 37 shall operate in the navigable waters of the United States or transfer cargo or residue in any port or place under the jurisdiction of the United States, if such vessel— ‘‘(1) has a history of accidents, pollution incidents, or serious repair problems that, as determined by the Secretary, creates reason to believe that such vessel may be unsafe or may create a threat to the marine environment; ‘‘(2) fails to comply with any applicable regulation issued under section 70034, chapter 37, or any other applicable law or treaty; ‘‘(3) discharges oil or hazardous material in violation of any law of the United States or in a manner or quantities inconsistent with any treaty to which the United States is a party; ‘‘(4) does not comply with any applicable vessel traffic service requirements; ‘‘(5) is manned by one or more officers who are licensed by a certificating State that the Secretary has determined, pursuant to section 9101 of title 46, does not have standards for licensing and certification of seafarers that are comparable to or more stringent than United States standards or international standards that are accepted by the United States; ‘‘(6) is not manned in compliance with manning levels as determined by the Secretary to be necessary to insure the safe navigation of the vessel; or ‘‘(7) while underway, does not have at least one licensed deck officer on the navigation bridge who is capable of clearly understanding English. ‘‘(b) EXCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may allow provisional entry of a vessel that is not in compliance with subsection (a), if the owner or operator of such vessel proves, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, that such vessel is not unsafe or a threat to the marine environment, and if such entry is necessary for the safety of the vessel or persons aboard. ‘‘(2) PROVISIONS NOT APPLICABLE .—Para graphs (1), (2), (3), and (4) of subsection (a) of this section shall not apply to a vessel allowed provisional entry under paragraph (1) if the owner or operator of such vessel proves, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, that such vessel is no longer unsafe or a threat to the marine environment, and is no longer in violation of any applicable law, treaty, regulation, or condition, as appropriate. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER IV—DEFINITIONS, REGULATIONS, ENFORCEMENT, INVESTIGATORY POWERS, APPLICABILITY ‘‘§ 70031. Definitions ‘‘As used in subchapters A through C and this subchapter, unless the context otherwise requires: ‘‘(1) The term ‘marine environment’ means— ‘‘(A) the navigable waters of the United States and the land and resources therein and thereunder; ‘‘(B) the waters and fishery resources of any area over which the United States asserts exclusive fishery management authority; ‘‘(C) the seabed and subsoil of the Outer Continental Shelf of the United States, the resources thereof, and the waters superjacent thereto; and ‘‘(D) the recreational, economic, and scenic values of such waters and resources. ‘‘(2) The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, except that such term means the Secretary of Transportation with respect to the application of this chapter to the Saint Lawrence Seaway. ‘‘(3) The term ‘navigable waters of the United States’ includes all waters of the territorial sea of the United States as described in Presidential Proclamation No. 5928 of December 27, 1988. ‘‘§ 70032. Saint Lawrence Seaway ‘‘The authority granted to the Secretary under sections 70001, 70002, 70003, 70004, and 70011 may not be delegated with respect to the Saint Lawrence Seaway to any agency other than the Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation. Any other authority granted the Secretary under subchapters A through C and this subchapter shall be delegated by the Secretary to the Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation to the extent the Secretary determines such delegation is necessary for the proper operation of the Saint Lawrence Seaway. ‘‘§ 70033. Limitation on application to foreign vessels ‘‘Except pursuant to international treaty, convention, or agreement, to which the United States is a party, subchapters A through C and this subchapter shall not apply to any foreign vessel that is not destined for, or departing from, a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States and that is in— ‘‘(1) innocent passage through the territorial sea of the United States; or ‘‘(2) transit through the navigable waters of the United States that form a part of an international strait. ‘‘§ 70034. Regulations ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—In accordance with section 553 of title 5, the Secretary shall issue, and may from time to time amend or repeal, regulations necessary to implement subchapters A through C and this subchapter. ‘‘(b) CONSULTATION .—In the exercise of the regulatory authority under subchapters A through C and this subchapter, the Secretary shall consult with, and receive and consider the views of all interested persons, including— ‘‘(1) interested Federal departments and agencies; ‘‘(2) officials of State and local governments; ‘‘(3) representatives of the maritime community; ‘‘(4) representatives of port and harbor authorities or associations; ‘‘(5) representatives of environmental groups; ‘‘(6) any other interested persons who are knowledgeable or experienced in dealing with problems involving vessel safety, port and waterways safety, and protection of the marine environment; and ‘‘(7) advisory committees consisting of all interested segments of the public when the establishment of such committees is considered necessary because the issues involved are highly complex or controversial. ‘‘§ 70035. Investigatory powers ‘‘(a) SECRETARY .—The Secretary may investigate any incident, accident, or act involving the loss or destruction of, or damage to, any structure subject to subchapters A through C and this subchapter, or that affects or may affect the safety or environmental quality of the ports, harbors, or navigable waters of the United States. ‘‘(b) POWERS .—In an investigation under this section, the Secretary may issue subpoenas to require the attendance of witnesses and the production of documents or other evidence relating to such incident, accident, or act. If any person refuses to obey a subpoena, the Secretary may request the Attorney General to invoke the aid of the appropriate district court of the United States to compel compliance with the subpoena. Any district court of the United States may, in the case of refusal to obey a subpoena, issue an order requiring compliance with the subpoena, and failure to obey the order may be punished 
by the court as contempt. Witnesses may be paid fees for travel and attendance at rates not exceeding those allowed in a district court of the United States. ‘‘§ 70036. Enforcement ‘‘(a) CIVILPENALTY .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Any person who is found by the Secretary, after notice and an opportunity for a hearing, to have violated subchapters A through C or this subchapter or a regulation issued under subchapters A through C or this subchapter shall be liable to the United States for a civil penalty, not to exceed $25,000 for each violation. Each day of a continuing violation shall constitute a separate violation. The amount of such civil penalty shall be assessed by the Secretary, or the Secretary’s designee, by written notice. In determining the amount of such penalty, the Secretary shall take into account the nature, circumstances, extent, and gravity of the prohibited acts committed and, with respect to the violator, the degree of culpability, any history of prior offenses, ability to pay, and such other matters as justice may require. ‘‘(2) COMPROMISE , MODIFICATION , OR REMIS SION.—The Secretary may compromise, modify, or remit, with or without conditions, any civil penalty that is subject to imposition or that has been imposed under this section. ‘‘(3) FAILURE TO PAY PENALTY .—If any person fails to pay an assessment of a civil penalty after it has become final, the Secretary may refer the matter to the Attorney General of the United States, for collection in any appropriate district court of the United States. ‘‘(b) CRIMINAL PENALTY .— ‘‘(1) CLASS D FELONY .—Any person who willfully and knowingly violates subchapters A through C or this subchapter or any regulation issued thereunder commits a class D felony. ‘‘(2) CLASS C FELONY .—Any person who, in the willful and knowing violation of subchapters A through C or this subchapter or of any regulation issued thereunder, uses a dangerous weapon, or engages in conduct that causes bodily injury or fear of imminent bodily injury to any officer authorized to enforce the provisions of such a subchapter or the regulations issued under such subchapter, commits a class C felony. ‘‘(c) INREMLIABILITY .—Any vessel that is used in violation of subchapters A, B, or C or this subchapter, or any regulations issued under such subchapter, shall be liable in rem for any civil penalty assessed pursuant to subsection (a) and may be proceeded against in the United States district court for any district in which such vessel may be found. ‘‘(d) INJUNCTION .—The United States district courts shall have jurisdiction to restrain violations of subchapter A, B, or C or this subchapter or of regulations issued under such subchapter, for cause shown. ‘‘(e) DENIAL OF ENTRY.—Except as provided in section 70021, the Secretary may, subject to recognized principles of international law, deny entry by any vessel that is not in compliance with subchapter A, B, or C or this subchapter or the regulations issued under such subchapter— ‘‘(1) into the navigable waters of the United States; or ‘‘(2) to any port or place under the jurisdiction of the United States. ‘‘(f) WITHHOLDING OF CLEARANCE .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—If any owner, operator, or individual in charge of a vessel is liable for a penalty or fine under this section, or if reasonable cause exists to believe that the owner, operator, or individual in charge may be subject to a penalty or fine under this section, the Secretary of the Treasury, upon the request of the Secretary, shall with respect to such vessel refuse or revoke any clearance required by section 60105 of title 46. ‘‘(2) GRANTING CLEARANCE REFUSED OR RE VOKED .—Clearance refused or revoked under this subsection may be granted upon filing of a bond or other surety satisfactory to the Secretary.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such subtitle is amended by inserting before the item relating to chapter 701 the following: ‘‘700. Ports and Waterways Safety ......70001.’’. 
(a) E LECTRONIC CHARTS .— (1) TRANSFER OF PROVISION .—Section 4A of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1223a)— (A) is redesignated as section 3105 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred to appear after section 3104 of that title; and (B) is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) LIMITATION ON APPLICATION .—Except pursuant to an international treaty, convention, or agreement, to which the United States is a party, this section shall not apply to any foreign vessel that is not destined for, or departing from, a port or place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States and that is in— ‘‘(1) innocent passage through the territorial sea of the United States; or ‘‘(2) transit through the navigable waters of the United States that form a part of an international strait.’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 31 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘3105. Electronic charts.’’. (b) PORT, HARBOR , ANDCOASTAL FACILITY SECURITY .— (1) TRANSFER OF PROVISIONS .—So much of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226) as precedes subsection (c) of that section is redesignated as section 70116 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred to section 70116 of that title. (2) DEFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , AND EN FORCEMENT .—Section 70116 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by paragraph (1) of this subsection, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , AND ENFORCEMENT .—This section shall be treated as part of chapter 700 for purposes of sections 70031, 70032, 70034, 70035, and 70036.’’. (3) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 701 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 70116 and inserting the following: ‘‘70116. Port, harbor, and coastal facility security.’’. (c) NONDISCLOSURE OF PORT SECURITY  PLANS.—Subsection (c) of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226), as so designated before the application of subsection (b)(1) of this section— (1) is redesignated as subsection (f) of section 70103 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred so as to appear after subsection (e) of such section; and (2) is amended by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘this chapter’’. (d) REPEAL .—Section 2307 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis at the beginning of chapter 23 of that title, are repealed. (e) REPEAL .—The Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1221–1231, 1232–1232b), as amended by this Act, is repealed. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) SOURCE PROVISION .—The term ‘‘source provision’’ means a provision of law that is replaced by a title 46 provision under this title. (2) TITLE 46 PROVISION .—The term ‘‘title 46 provision’’ means a provision of title 46, United States Code, that is enacted by section 402. (b) CUTOFF DATE.—The title 46 provisions replace certain provisions of law enacted before the date of the enactment of this Act. If a law enacted after that date amends or repeals a source provision, that law is deemed to amend or repeal, as the case may be, the corresponding title 46 provision. If a law enacted after that date is otherwise inconsistent with a title 46 provision or a provision of this title, that law supersedes the title 46 provision or provision of this title to the extent of the inconsistency. (c) ORIGINAL DATE OF ENACTMENT UNCHANGED .—For purposes of determining whether one provision of law supersedes another based on enactment later in time, a title 46 provision is deemed to have been enacted on the date of enactment of the source provision that the title 46 provision replaces. (d) REFERENCES TO TITLE 46 P ROVISIONS .—A reference to a title 46 provision, including a reference in a regulation, order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the corresponding source provision. (e) REFERENCES TO SOURCE PROVISIONS .—A reference to a source provision, including a reference in a regulation, order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the corresponding title 46 provision. (f) REGULATIONS , ORDERS , ANDOTHER ADMINISTRATIVE ACTIONS .—A regulation, order, or other administrative action in effect under a source provision continues in effect under the corresponding title 46 provision. (g) ACTIONS TAKEN AND OFFENSES COMMITTED .—An action taken or an offense committed under a source provision is deemed to have been taken or committed under the corresponding title 46 provision. 
This title, including the amendments made by this title, is intended only to transfer provisions of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act to title 46, United States Code, and may not be construed to alter— (1) the effect of a provision of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act, including any authority or requirement therein; (2) a department or agency interpretation with respect to the Ports and Waterways Safety Act; or (3) a judicial interpretation with respect to the Ports and Waterways Safety Act. 
Section 18 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–241; 105 Stat. 2213) is repealed. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as established by section 401 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER V—REGATTAS AND MARINE PARADES ‘‘§ 70041. Regattas and marine parades ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard may issue regulations to promote the safety of life on navigable waters during regattas or marine parades. ‘‘(b) DETAIL AND USE OF VESSELS .—To enforce regulations issued under this section— ‘‘(1) the Commandant may detail any public vessel in the service of the Coast Guard and make use of any private vessel tendered gratuitously for that purpose; and ‘‘(2) upon the request of the Commandant, the head of any other Federal department or agency may enforce the regulations by means of any public vessel of such department and any private vessel tendered gratuitously for that purpose. ‘‘(c) TRANSFER OF AUTHORITY .—The authority of the Commandant under this section may be transferred by the President for any special occasion to the head of another Federal department or agency whenever in the President’s judgment such transfer is desirable. ‘‘(d) PENALTIES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—For any violation of regulations issued pursuant to this section the following penalties shall be incurred: 
‘‘(A) A licensed officer shall be liable to suspension or revocation of license in the manner prescribed by law for incompetency or misconduct. ‘‘(B) Any person in charge of the navigation of a vessel other than a licensed officer shall be liable to a penalty of $5,000. ‘‘(C) The owner of a vessel (including any corporate officer of a corporation owning the vessel) actually on board shall be liable to a penalty of $5,000, unless the violation of regulations occurred without the owner’s knowledge. ‘‘(D) Any other person shall be liable to a penalty of $2,500. ‘‘(2) MITIGATION OR REMISSION .—The Commandant may mitigate or remit any penalty provided for in this subsection in the manner prescribed by law for the mitigation or remission of penalties for violation of the navigation laws.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as established by section 401 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
PARADES  ‘‘70041. Regattas and marine parades.’’. (c) REPEAL .—The Act of April 28, 1908 (35 Stat. 69, chapter 151; 33 U.S.C. 1233 et seq.), is repealed. 
SEC. 407. REGULATION OF VESSELS IN TERRITORIAL WATERS OF UNITED STATES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF SUBCHAPTER F.—Chap ter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as established by section 401 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER VI—REGULATION OF VESSELS IN TERRITORIAL WATERS OF UNITED STATES ‘‘§ 70054. Definitions ‘‘In this subchapter: ‘‘(1) UNITED STATES .—The term ‘United States’ includes all territory and waters, continental or insular, subject to the jurisdiction of the United States. ‘‘(2) TERRITORIAL WATERS .—The term ‘territorial waters of the United States’ includes all waters of the territorial sea of the United States as described in Presidential Proclamation 5928 of December 27, 1988.’’. (b) REGULATION OF ANCHORAGE AND MOVEMENT OF VESSELS DURING NATIONAL EMERGENCY .—Section 1 of title II of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 220, chapter 30; 50 U.S.C. 191), is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and all that follows before ‘‘by proclamation’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 70051. Regulation of anchorage and movement of vessels during national emergency ‘‘Whenever the President’’; (2) by striking ‘‘of the Treasury’’; (3) by striking ‘‘of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; (4) by striking ‘‘this title’’ and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; and (5) by transferring the section so that the section appears before section 70054 of title 46, United States Code (as added by subsection (a) of this section). (c) SEIZURE AND FORFEITURE OF VESSEL ; FINE 
ANDIMPRISONMENT .—Section 2 of title II of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 220, chapter 30; 50 U.S.C. 192), is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and all that follows before ‘‘agent,’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 70052. Seizure and forfeiture of vessel; fine and imprisonment ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—If any owner,’’; (2) by striking ‘‘this title’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; and (3) by transferring the section so that the section appears after section 70051 of title 46, United States Code (as transferred by subsection (b) of this section). (d) ENFORCEMENT PROVISIONS .—Section 4 of title II of the Act of June 15, 1917 (40 Stat. 220, chapter 30; 50 U.S.C. 194), is amended— (1) by striking all before ‘‘may employ’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 70053. Enforcement provisions ‘‘The President’’; (2) by striking ‘‘the purpose of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; and (3) by transferring the section so that the section appears after section 70052 of title 46, United States Code (as transferred by subsection (c) of this section). (e) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 700 of title 46, United States Code, as established by section 401 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
TERRITORIAL WATERS OF UNITED STATES  ‘‘70051. Regulation of anchorage and movement of vessels during national emergency. ‘‘70052. Seizure and forfeiture of vessel; fine and imprisonment. ‘‘70053. Enforcement provisions. ‘‘70054. Definitions.’’. 
(a) T RANSFER OF PROVISIONS .—So much of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226) as precedes subsection (c) of that section is redesignated as section 70102a of title 46, United States Code, and transferred so as to appear after section 70102 of that title. (b) DEFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , AND ENFORCEMENT .—Section 70102a of title 46, United States Code, as amended by paragraph (1) of this subsection, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS , ADMINISTRATION , AND ENFORCEMENT .—This section shall be treated as part of chapter 700 for purposes of sections 70031, 70032, 70034, 70035, and 70036.’’. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 701 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 70102 the following: ‘‘70102a. Port, harbor, and coastal facility security.’’. (d) NONDISCLOSURE OF PORT SECURITY  PLANS.—Subsection (c) of section 7 of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1226), as so designated before the application of subsection (b)(1) of this section— (1) is redesignated as subsection (f) of section 70103 of title 46, United States Code, and transferred so as to appear after subsection (e) of such section; and (2) is amended by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘this chapter’’. TITLE V—MARITIME TRANSPORTATION SAFETY 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3305 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d)(1) The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall ensure that Officers in Charge, Marine Inspections consistently interpret regulations and standards under this subtitle and chapter 700 to avoid disruption and undue expense to industry. ‘‘(2)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), in the event of a disagreement regarding the condition of a vessel or the interpretation of a regulation or standard referred to in subsection (a) between a local Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection conducting an inspection of the vessel and the Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection that issued the most recent certificate of inspection for the vessel, such Officers shall seek to resolve such disagreement. ‘‘(B) If a disagreement described in subparagraph (A) involves vessel design or plan review, the Coast Guard marine safety center shall be included in all efforts to resolve such disagreement. ‘‘(C) If a disagreement described in subparagraph (A) or (B) cannot be resolved, the local Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection shall submit to the Commandant of the Coast Guard, through the cognizant Coast Guard district commander, a request for a final agency determination of the matter in disagreement. ‘‘(3) The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall— ‘‘(A) provide to each person affected by a decision or action by an Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection or by the Coast Guard marine safety center all information necessary for such person to exercise any right to appeal such decision or action; and ‘‘(B) if such an appeal is filed, process such appeal under parts 1 through 4 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017. ‘‘(4) In this section, the term ‘Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection’ means any person from the civilian or military branch of the Coast Guard who— ‘‘(A) is designated as such by the Commandant; and ‘‘(B) under the superintendence and direction of the cognizant Coast Guard district commander, is in charge of an inspection zone for the performance of duties with respect to the inspections under, and enforcement and administration of, subtitle II, chapter 700, and regulations under such laws.’’. (b) REPORT ON MARINE INSPECTOR TRAINING.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the training, experience, and qualifications required for assignment as a marine inspector under section 312 of title 14, United States Code, including— (1) a description of any continuing education requirement, including a specific list of the required courses; (2) a description of the training, including a specific list of the included courses, offered to a journeyman or an advanced journeyman marine inspector to advance inspection expertise; (3) a description of any training that was offered in the 15year period before the date of the enactment of this Act, but is no longer required or offered, including a specific list of the included courses, including the senior marine inspector course and any plan review courses; (4) a justification for why a course described in paragraph (3) is no longer required or offered; and (5) a list of the course content the Commandant considers necessary to promote consistency among marine inspectors in an environment of increasingly complex vessels and vessel systems. 
SEC. 502. UNINSPECTED PASSENGER VESSELS IN ST. LOUIS COUNTY, MINNESOTA. 
Section 4105 of title 46, United States Code, amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the following: ‘‘(c) In applying this title with respect to an uninspected vessel of less than 25 feet overall in length that carries passengers on Crane Lake or waters contiguous to such lake in St. Louis County, Minnesota, the Secretary shall substitute ‘12 passengers’ for ‘6 passengers’ each place it appears in section 2101(51).’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 43 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 4312. Engine cutoff switches ‘‘(a) INSTALLATION REQUIREMENT .—A manu facturer, distributor, or dealer that installs propulsion machinery and associated starting controls on a covered recreational vessel shall equip such vessel with an engine cutoff switch and engine cutoff switch link that meet American Boat and Yacht Council Standard A–33, as in effect on the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017. ‘‘(b) EDUCATION ON CUTOFFSWITCHES .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard, through the National Boating Safety Advisory Committee established under section 15105, may initiate a boating safety program on the use and benefits of cutoff switches for recreational vessels. ‘‘(c) AVAILABILITY OF STANDARD FOR INSPEC TION.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Commandant shall transmit American Boat and Yacht Council Standard A–33, as in effect on the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017, to— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and ‘‘(C) the Coast Guard Office of Design and Engineering Standards; and ‘‘(D) the National Archives and Records Administration. ‘‘(2) AVAILABILITY .—The standard submitted under paragraph (1) shall be kept on file and available for public inspection at such Coast Guard office and the National Archives and Records Administration. ‘‘(d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) COVERED RECREATIONAL VESSEL .—The term ‘covered recreational vessel’ means a recreational vessel that is— ‘‘(A) less than 26 feet overall in length; and ‘‘(B) capable of developing 115 pounds or more of static thrust. ‘‘(2) DEALER .—The term ‘dealer’ means any person who is engaged in the sale and distribution of recreational vessels or associated equipment to purchasers whom the seller in good faith believes to be purchasing any such vessel or associated equipment for purposes other than resale. ‘‘(3) DISTRIBUTOR .—The term ‘distributor’ means any person engaged in the sale and distribution of recreational vessels and associated equipment for the purposes of resale. ‘‘(4) MANUFACTURER .—The term ‘equipment manufacturer’ means any person engaged in the manufacture, construction, or assembly of recreational vessels or associated equipment, or the importation of recreational vessels into the United States for subsequent sale. ‘‘(5) PROPULSION MACHINERY .—The term ‘propulsion machinery’ means a selfcontained propulsion system, and includes, but is not limited to, inboard engines, outboard motors, and sterndrive engines. ‘‘(6) STATIC THRUST .—The term ‘static thrust’ means the forward or backwards thrust developed by propulsion machinery while stationary.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘4312. Engine cutoff switches.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—Section 4312 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this section, shall take effect one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Section 4502(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘a survival craft’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to paragraph (3), a survival craft’’; (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) Except for a nonapplicable vessel, an auxiliary craft shall satisfy the equipment requirement under paragraph (2)(B) if such craft is— ‘‘(A) necessary for normal fishing operations; ‘‘(B) readily accessible during an emergency; and ‘‘(C) capable, in accordance with the Coast Guard capacity rating, when applicable, of safely holding all individuals on board the vessel to which the craft functions as an auxiliary.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) For the purposes of this section, the term ‘auxiliary craft’ means a vessel that is carried onboard a fishing vessel and is normally used to support fishing operations.’’. SEC. 505. SAFETY STANDARDS. 
Section 4502(f) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) shall examine at dockside a vessel described in subsection (b) at least once every 5 years, but may require an exam at dockside every 2 years for certain vessels described in subsection (b) if requested by the owner or operator; and ‘‘(3) shall issue a certificate of compliance to a vessel meeting the requirements of this chapter and satisfying the requirements in paragraph (2).’’. 
Section 4502 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsections (i) and (j), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Health and Human Services’’; (2) in subsection (i)(2), as amended by paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with and based on criteria established by the Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ after ‘‘Health and Human Services’’; (3) in subsection (i)(3), by striking ‘‘75’’ and inserting ‘‘50’’; (4) in subsection (i)(4), by striking ‘‘$3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2019’’; (5) in subsection (j)(2), as amended by paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with and based on criteria established by the Commandant of the Coast Guard,’’ after ‘‘Health and Human Services’’; (6) in subsection (j)(3), by striking ‘‘75’’ and inserting ‘‘50’’; and (7) in subsection (j)(4), by striking ‘‘$3,000,000 for each fiscal years 2015 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2019’’. 
SEC. 507. FISHING, FISH TENDER, AND FISH PROCESSING VESSEL CERTIFICATION. 
(a) N ONAPPLICATION .—Section 4503(c)(2)(A) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘79’’ and inserting ‘‘180’’. (b) DETERMINING WHENKEELISLAID.—Sec tion 4503(f) of title 46, United States Code, as redesignated by section 508 of this Act, is further amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f)(1) For purposes of this section and section 4503a, the term ‘built’ means, with respect to a vessel, that the vessel’s construction has reached any of the following stages: ‘‘(A) The vessel’s keel is laid. ‘‘(B) Construction identifiable with the vessel has begun and assembly of that vessel has commenced comprising of at least 50 metric tons or one percent of the estimated mass of all structural material, whichever is less. ‘‘(2) In the case of a vessel greater than 79 feet overall in length, for purposes of paragraph (1)(A) a keel is deemed to be laid when a marine surveyor affirms that a structure adequate for serving as a keel for such vessel is in place and identified for use in the construction of such vessel.’’. 
SEC. 508. DEADLINE FOR COMPLIANCE WITH ALTERNATE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4503(d) of title 46, United States Code, is redesignated as section 4503a and transferred to appear after section 4503 of such title. (b) FISHING , FISHTENDER , AND FISHPROCESSING VESSEL CERTIFICATION .—Section 4503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e), (f), and (g) as subsections (d), (e), and (f), respectively; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘subsection (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4503a’’; (3) in subsection (c)(2)(B)(ii)(I), by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; (4) in subsection (c)(2)(B)(ii)(II), by striking ‘‘subsection (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)’’; (5) in subsection (e)(1), as amended by paragraph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; and (6) in subsection (e)(2), as amended by paragraph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; (c) ALTERNATE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PROGRAM .—Section 4503a of title 46, United States Code, as redesignated and transferred by subsection (a) of this section, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), and (5) as subsections (a), (b), (c), (d), and (e), respectively; (2) by inserting before subsection (a), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘§ 4503a. Alternate safety compliance program’’; (3) in subsection (a), as redesignated by paragraph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘After January 1, 2020,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Secretary, if’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (c), beginning on the date that is 3 years after the date that the Secretary prescribes an alternate safety compliance program, a fishing vessel, fish processing vessel, or fish tender vessel to which section 4502(b) of this title applies shall comply with such an alternate safety compliance program, if’’; (4) in subsection (a), as so redesignated, by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), respectively; (5) in subsection (b), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘establishes standards for an alternate safety compliance program, shall comply with such an alternative safety compliance program that is developed in cooperation with the commercial fishing industry and prescribed by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘prescribes an alternate safety compliance program under subsection (a), shall comply with such an alternate safety compliance program’’; (6) by amending subsection (c), as so redesignated, to read as follows: ‘‘(c) For purposes of subsection (a), a separate alternate safety compliance program may be developed for a specific region or specific fishery.’’; (7) in subsection (d), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘that paragraph’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘that subsection’’; (8) in subsection (e), as so redesignated, by— (A) inserting ‘‘is not eligible to participate in an alternative safety compliance program prescribed under subsection (a) and’’ after ‘‘July 1, 2012’’; and (B) redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; (9) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) For the purposes of this section, the term ‘built’ has the meaning given that term in section 4503(f).’’. (d) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 45 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4503 the following ‘‘4503a. Alternate safety compliance program.’’. (e) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3104 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 4503(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4503(d)’’. 
(f) F INAL RULE.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue a final rule implementing the requirements enumerated in section 4503(d) of title 46, as amended by subsection (b)(1) of this section. (g) ALTERNATE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PROGRAM  STATUS REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2020, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the status of the development of the alternate safety compliance program directed by section 4503a of title 46, United States Code, as redesignated by subsection (c). (2) CONTENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include discussion of— (A) steps taken in the rulemaking process to establish the alternate safety compliance program; (B) communication and collaboration between the Coast Guard, the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, and the commercial fishing vessel industry regarding the development of the alternate safety compliance program; (C) consideration given to developing alternate safety compliance programs for specific regions and fisheries, as authorized in section 4503a(c) of such title, as redesignated by subsection (c); (D) any identified legislative changes necessary to implement an effective alternate safety compliance program; and (E) the timeline and planned actions that will be taken to implement regulations necessary to fully establish an alternate safety compliance program before January 1, 2020. 
Section 4505(2) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘4503(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘4503(a)(2)’’; and (2) by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘, except that this paragraph shall not apply with respect to a vessel to which section 4503a applies’’. 
SEC. 510. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS: LICENSES, CERTIFICATES OF REGISTRY, AND MERCHANT MARINER DOCUMENTS. 
Title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 7106(b), by striking ‘‘merchant mariner’s document,’’ and inserting ‘‘license,’’; (2) in section 7107(b), by striking ‘‘merchant mariner’s document,’’ and inserting ‘‘certificate of registry,’’; (3) in section 7507(b)(1), by striking ‘‘licenses or certificates of registry’’ and inserting ‘‘merchant mariner documents’’; and (4) in section 7507(b)(2) by striking ‘‘merchant mariner’s document.’’ and inserting ‘‘license or certificate of registry.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11304 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘an official logbook, which’’ and inserting ‘‘a logbook, which may be in any form, including electronic, and’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) Each illness of, and injury to, a seaman of the vessel, the nature of the illness or injury, and the medical treatment provided for the injury or illness.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 11304(b) is amended by striking ‘‘log book’’ and inserting ‘‘logbook’’. 
Section 12105 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) EFFECTIVE PERIOD .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), a certificate of documentation issued under this part is valid for a 1year period and may be renewed for additional 1 year periods. ‘‘(2) RECREATIONAL VESSELS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—A certificate of documentation for a recreational vessel and the renewal of such a certificate shall be effective for a 5year period. ‘‘(B) PHASEIN PERIOD .—During the period beginning January 1, 2019, and ending December 31, 2021, the owner or operator of a recreational vessel may choose a period of effectiveness of between 1 and 5 years for such a certificate of documentation for such vessel or the renewal thereof. ‘‘(C) FEES.— ‘‘(i) REQUIREMENT .—The Secretary shall assess and collect a fee— ‘‘(I) for the issuance of a certificate of documentation for a recreational vessel that is equivalent to the fee established for the issuance of a certificate of documentation under section 2110; and ‘‘(II) for the renewal of a certificate of documentation for a recreational vessel that is equivalent to the number of years of effectiveness of the certificate of documentation multiplied by the fee established for the renewal of a certificate of documentation under section 2110. ‘‘(ii) TREATMENT .—Fees collected under this subsection— ‘‘(I) shall be credited to the account from which the costs of such issuance or renewal were paid; and ‘‘(II) may remain available until expended. ‘‘(3) NOTICE OF CHANGE IN INFORMATION .— ‘‘(A) REQUIREMENT .—The owner of a vessel shall notify the Coast Guard of each change in the information on which the issuance of the certificate of documentation for the vessel is based that occurs before the expiration of the certificate under this subsection, by not later than 30 days after such change. ‘‘(B) TERMINATION OF CERTIFICATE .—The cer tificate of documentation for a vessel shall terminate upon the expiration of such 30day period if the owner has not notified the Coast Guard of such change before the end of such period. ‘‘(4) STATE AND LOCAL AUTHORITY TO REMOVE  
ABANDONED AND DERELICT VESSELS .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the authority of a State or local authority from taking action to remove an abandoned or derelict vessel.’’. 
Section 12301(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘of’’ after ‘‘barge’’. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘National Timing Resilience and Security Act of 2018’’. (b) INGENERAL .—Chapter 30 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 312. Alternative timing system ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary of Transportation shall provide for the establishment, sustainment, and operation of a landbased, resilient, and reliable alternative timing system— ‘‘(1) to reduce critical dependencies and provide a complement to and backup for the timing component of the Global Positioning System (referred to in this section as ‘GPS’); and ‘‘(2) to ensure the availability of uncorrupted and nondegraded timing signals for military and civilian users in the event that GPS timing signals are corrupted, degraded, unreliable, or otherwise unavailable. ‘‘(b) ESTABLISHMENT OF REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the National Timing Resilience and Security Act of 2018, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish requirements for the procurement of the system required by subsection (a) as a complement to and backup for the timing component of GPS in accordance with the timing requirements study required by section 1618 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2595). ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary of Transportation shall ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, that the system established under subsection (a) will— ‘‘(A) be wireless; ‘‘(B) be terrestrial; ‘‘(C) provide widearea coverage; ‘‘(D) be synchronized with coordinated universal time; ‘‘(E) be resilient and extremely difficult to disrupt or degrade; ‘‘(F) be able to penetrate underground and inside buildings; ‘‘(G) be capable of deployment to remote locations; ‘‘(H) be developed, constructed, and operated incorporating applicable private sector expertise; ‘‘(I) work in concert with and complement any other similar positioning, navigation, and timing systems, including enhanced longrange navigation systems and Nationwide Differential GPS systems; ‘‘(J) be available for use by Federal and non Federal government agencies for public purposes at no net cost to the Federal Government within 10 years of initiation of operation; ‘‘(K) be capable of adaptation and expansion to provide position and navigation capabilities; ‘‘(L) incorporate the recommendations from any GPS backup demonstration program initiated and completed by the Secretary, in coordination with other Federal agencies, before the date specified in subsection (c)(1); and ‘‘(M) incorporate such other elements as the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(c) IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.— ‘‘(1) PLAN REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the National Timing Resilience and Security Act of 2018, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report setting forth the following: ‘‘(A) A plan to develop, construct, and operate the system required by subsection (a). ‘‘(B) A description and assessment of the advantages of a system to provide a followon complementary and backup positioning and navigation capability to the timing component of GPS. ‘‘(2) DEADLINE FOR COMMENCEMENT OF OPER ATION .—The system required by subsection (a) shall be in operation by not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the National Timing Resilience and Security Act of 2018. ‘‘(3) MINIMUM DURATION OF OPERATIONAL CA PABILITY .—The system required by subsection (a) shall be designed to be fully operational for not less than 20 years. ‘‘(d) LORAN FACILITIES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—If the Secretary of Transportation determines that any LORAN infrastructure, including the underlying real property and any spectrum associated with LORAN, in the possession of the Coast Guard is required by the Department of Transportation for the purpose of establishing the system required by subsection (a), the Commandant shall transfer such property, spectrum, and equipment to the Secretary. ‘‘(2) CERCLA 
NOT AFFECTED .—This subsection shall not be construed to limit the application of or otherwise affect section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 
9620(h)) with respect to the Federal Government facilities described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(e) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENT .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Transportation may enter into a cooperative agreement (as that term is described in section 6305 of title 31) with an entity upon such terms and conditions as the Secretary of Transportation determines will fulfill the purpose and requirements of this section and be in the public interest. ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS .—The cooperative agreement under paragraph (1) shall, at a minimum, require the Secretary of Transportation to— ‘‘(A) authorize the entity to sell timing and other services to commercial and noncommercial third parties, subject to any national security requirements determined by the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense; ‘‘(B) require the entity to develop, construct, and operate at private expense the backup timing system in accordance with this section; ‘‘(C) allow the entity to make any investments in technologies necessary over the life of such agreement to meet future requirements for advanced timing resilience and technologies; ‘‘(D) require the entity to share 25 percent of the gross proceeds received by the entity from the sale of timing services to third parties with the Secretary for at least 10 years after the date upon which the Secretary enters into the cooperative agreement; ‘‘(E) require the entity— ‘‘(i) to assume all financial risk for the completion and operational capability of the system, after the Secretary provides any LORAN facilities necessary for the system under subsection (d), if required for the alternative timing system; and ‘‘(ii) to furnish performance and payment bonds in connection with the system in a reasonable amount as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(F) require the entity to make any investments in technologies necessary over the life of the agreement to meet future requirements for advanced timing resiliency. ‘‘(3) COMPETITION REQUIRED .—The Secretary shall use competitive procedures similar to those authorized under section 2667 of title 10 in selecting an entity to enter into a cooperative agreement pursuant to this subsection. ‘‘(4) AUTHORIZATION TO PURCHASE SERVICES .— The Secretary may not purchase timing system services from the entity for use by the Department of Transportation or for provision to other Federal and nonFederal governmental agencies until the system achieves operational status, and then only if the necessary funds for such purchases are provided for in subsequent yearly appropriations acts made available to the Secretary for each and every year in which such purchases are made. ‘‘(5) DETERMINATION REQUIREMENT .—The Sec retary may not enter into a cooperative agreement under this subsection unless the Secretary determines that the cooperative agreement is in the best financial interest of the Federal Government. The Secretary shall notify the Committee on Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives of such determination not later than 30 days after the date of the determination. ‘‘(6) DEFINITION .—In this subsection the term ‘entity’ means a nonFederal entity with the demonstrated technical expertise and requisite administrative and financial resources to meet any terms and conditions established by the Secretary for purposes of this subsection.’’. (c) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘312. Alternative timing system.’’. 
Section 2101(41) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(A) Subject to subparagraph (B),’’ before the text; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B)(i) Such term includes an individual who is on board an oceanographic research vessel only to— ‘‘(I) engage in scientific research; ‘‘(II) instruct in oceanography or limnology; or ‘‘(III) receive instruction in oceanography or limnology. ‘‘(ii) For purposes of clause (i), the age of an individual may not be considered in determining whether the individual is described in such clause.’’. SEC. 516. TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall publish any letter of determination issued by the Coast Guard National Vessel Documentation Center after the date of the enactment of this Act on the National Vessel Documentation Center website not later than 30 days after the date of issuance of such letter of determination. (b) AUDIT.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit, the results of which shall be made publicly available, of— (A) the method or process by which the Coast Guard National Vessel Documentation Center develops policy for and documents compliance with the requirements of section 67.97 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, for the purpose of issuing endorsements under section 12112 and 12113 of title 46, United States Code; (B) the coordination between the Coast Guard and U.S. Customs and Border Protection with respect to the enforcement of such requirements; and (C) the extent to which the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating and the Secretary of Transportation, through the Maritime Administration, have published and disseminated information to promote compliance with applicable vessel construction requirements. (2) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the audit under paragraph (1) is complete, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report regarding the results of and recommendations made pursuant to such audit. (c) OUTLINE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the submission of the Comptroller General of the United States report required under subsection (b), the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives an outline of plans— (1) to enhance the transparency of the documentation process, and communications with the maritime industry regarding such process over the next 5 years; and (2) to implement the recommendations made by the Comptroller General of the United States in the report required under subsection (b)(2). TITLE VI—ADVISORY COMMITTEES 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle II of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘PART K—NATIONAL MARITIME TRANSPORTATION ADVISORY COMMITTEES ‘‘CHAPTER 151—NATIONAL MARITIME TRANSPORTATION ADVISORY COMMITTEES ‘‘Sec. ‘‘15101. National Chemical Transportation Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15102. National Commercial Fishing Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15103. National Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Committee. ‘‘15104. National Merchant Mariner Medical Advisory Committee. ‘‘15105. National Boating Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15106. National Offshore Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15107. National Navigation Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15108. National Towing Safety Advisory Committee. ‘‘15109. Administration. ‘‘§ 15101. National Chemical Transportation Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Chemical Transportation Safety Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) FUNCTION .—The Committee shall advise the Secretary on matters relating to the safe and secure marine transportation of hazardous materials. ‘‘(c) MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of not more than 25 members appointed by the Secretary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) EXPERTISE .—Each member of the Committee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relating to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) REPRESENTATION .—Each member of the Committee shall represent 1 of the following: ‘‘(A) Chemical manufacturing entities. ‘‘(B) Entities related to marine handling or transportation of chemicals. ‘‘(C) Vessel design and construction entities. ‘‘(D) Marine safety or security entities. ‘‘(E) Marine environmental protection entities. ‘‘(4) DISTRIBUTION .—The Secretary shall, based on the needs of the Coast Guard, determine the number of members of the Committee who represent each entity specified in paragraph (3). Neither this paragraph nor any other provision of law shall be construed to require an equal distribution of members representing each entity specified in paragraph (3). ‘‘§ 15102. National Commercial Fishing Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Commercial Fishing Safety Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) FUNCTION .—The Committee shall— ‘‘(1) advise the Secretary on matters relating to the safe operation of vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies, including the matters of— ‘‘(A) navigation safety; ‘‘(B) safety equipment and procedures; ‘‘(C) marine insurance; ‘‘(D) vessel design, construction, maintenance, and operation; and ‘‘(E) personnel qualifications and training; and ‘‘(2) review regulations proposed under chapter 45 of this title (during preparation of the regulations). ‘‘(c) MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 18 members appointed by the Secretary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) EXPERTISE .—Each member of the Committee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relating to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) REPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 10 members shall represent the commercial fishing industry and— ‘‘(i) as a group, shall together reflect a regional and representational balance; and 
‘‘(ii) as individuals, shall each have experience— ‘‘(I) in the operation of vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies; or ‘‘(II) as a crew member or processing line worker on a fish processing vessel. ‘‘(B) 1 member shall represent naval architects and marine engineers. ‘‘(C) 1 member shall represent manufacturers of equipment for vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies. ‘‘(D) 1 member shall represent education and training professionals related to fishing vessel, fish processing vessel, and fish tender vessel safety and personnel qualifications. ‘‘(E) 1 member shall represent underwriters that insure vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies. ‘‘(F) 1 member shall represent owners of vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies. ‘‘(G) 3 members shall represent the general public and, to the extent possible, shall include— ‘‘(i) an independent expert or consultant in maritime safety; ‘‘(ii) a marine surveyor who provides services to vessels to which chapter 45 of this title applies; and ‘‘(iii) a person familiar with issues affecting fishing communities and the families of fishermen. ‘‘§ 15103. National Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) FUNCTION .—The Committee shall advise the Secretary on matters relating to personnel in the United States merchant marine, including the training, qualifications, certification, documentation, and fitness of mariners. ‘‘(c) MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 19 members appointed by the Secretary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) EXPERTISE .—Each member of the Committee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relating to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) REPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 9 members shall represent mariners and, of the 9— ‘‘(i) each shall— ‘‘(I) be a citizen of the United States; and ‘‘(II) hold an active license or certificate issued under chapter 71 of this title or a merchant mariner document issued under chapter 73 of this title; ‘‘(ii) 3 shall be deck officers who represent merchant marine deck officers and, of the 3— ‘‘(I) 2 shall be licensed for oceans any gross tons; ‘‘(II) 1 shall be licensed for inland river route with a limited or unlimited tonnage; ‘‘(III) 2 shall have a master’s license or a master of towing vessels license; ‘‘(IV) 1 shall have significant tanker experience; and ‘‘(V) to the extent practicable— ‘‘(aa) 1 shall represent labor; and ‘‘(bb) 1 shall represent management; ‘‘(iii) 3 shall be engineering officers who represent merchant marine engineering officers and, of the 3— ‘‘(I) 2 shall be licensed as chief engineer any horsepower; ‘‘(II) 1 shall be licensed as either a limited chief engineer or a designated duty engineer; and ‘‘(III) to the extent practicable— ‘‘(aa) 1 shall represent labor; and ‘‘(bb) 1 shall represent management; ‘‘(iv) 2 shall be unlicensed seamen who represent merchant marine unlicensed seaman and, of the 2— ‘‘(I) 1 shall represent ablebodied seamen; and ‘‘(II) 1 shall represent qualified members of the engine department; and ‘‘(v) 1 shall be a pilot who represents merchant marine pilots. ‘‘(B) 6 members shall represent marine educators and, of the 6— ‘‘(i) 3 shall be marine educators who represent maritime academies and, of the 3— ‘‘(I) 2 shall represent State maritime academies (and are jointly recommended by such academies); and ‘‘(II) 1 shall represent either State maritime academies or the United States Merchant Marine Academy; and ‘‘(ii) 3 shall be marine educators who represent other maritime training institutions and, of the 3, 1 shall represent the small vessel industry. ‘‘(C) 2 members shall represent shipping companies employed in ship operation management. ‘‘(D) 2 members shall represent the general public. ‘‘§ 15104. National Merchant Mariner Medical Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Merchant Mariner Medical Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) FUNCTION .—The Committee shall advise the Secretary on matters relating to— ‘‘(1) medical certification determinations for the issuance of licenses, certification of registry, and merchant mariners’ documents with respect to merchant mariners; ‘‘(2) medical standards and guidelines for the physical qualifications of operators of commercial vessels; ‘‘(3) medical examiner education; and ‘‘(4) medical research. ‘‘(c) MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 14 members appointed by the Secretary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) EXPERTISE .—Each member of the Committee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relating to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) REPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 9 shall represent healthcare professionals and have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience regarding the medical examinations of merchant mariners or occupational medicine. ‘‘(B) 5 shall represent professional mariners and have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in occupational requirements for mariners. ‘‘§ 15105. National Boating Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Boating Safety Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) FUNCTION .—The Committee shall advise the Secretary on matters relating to national boating safety. ‘‘(c) MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 21 members appointed by the Secretary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) EXPERTISE .—Each member of the Committee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relating to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) REPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 7 members shall represent State officials responsible for State boating safety programs. ‘‘(B) 7 members shall represent recreational vessel and associated equipment manufacturers. ‘‘(C) 7 members shall represent the general public or national recreational boating organizations and, of the 7, at least 5 shall represent national recreational boating organizations. ‘‘§ 15106. National Offshore Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Offshore Safety Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) FUNCTION .—The Committee shall advise the Secretary on matters relating to activities directly involved with, or in support of, the exploration of offshore mineral and energy resources, to the extent that such matters are within the jurisdiction of the Coast Guard. ‘‘(c) MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 15 members appointed by the Secretary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) EXPERTISE .—Each member of the Committee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relating to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) REPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 2 members shall represent entities engaged in the production of petroleum. ‘‘(B) 2 members shall represent entities engaged in offshore drilling. ‘‘(C) 2 members shall represent entities engaged in the support, by offshore supply vessels or other vessels, of offshore mineral and oil operations, including geophysical services. ‘‘(D) 1 member shall represent entities engaged in the construction of offshore exploration and recovery facilities. ‘‘(E) 1 member shall represent entities engaged in diving services related to offshore construction, inspection, and maintenance. ‘‘(F) 1 member shall represent entities engaged in safety and training services related to offshore exploration and construction. ‘‘(G) 1 member shall represent entities engaged in pipelaying services related to offshore construction. ‘‘(H) 2 members shall represent individuals employed in offshore operations and, of the 2, 1 shall have recent practical experience on a vessel or offshore unit involved in the offshore mineral and energy industry. ‘‘(I) 1 member shall represent national environmental entities. ‘‘(J) 1 member shall represent deepwater ports. ‘‘(K) 1 member shall represent the general public (but not a specific environmental group). ‘‘§ 15107. National Navigation Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Navigation Safety Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) FUNCTION .—The Committee shall advise the Secretary on matters relating to maritime collisions, rammings, and groundings, Inland Rules of the Road, International Rules of the Road, navigation regulations and equipment, routing measures, marine information, and aids to navigation systems. ‘‘(c) MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of not more than 21 members appointed by the Secretary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) EXPERTISE .—Each member of the Committee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relating to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) REPRESENTATION .—Each member of the Committee shall represent 1 of the following: ‘‘(A) Commercial vessel owners or operators. ‘‘(B) Professional mariners. ‘‘(C) Recreational boaters. ‘‘(D) The recreational boating industry. ‘‘(E) State agencies responsible for vessel or port safety. ‘‘(F) The Maritime Law Association. ‘‘(4) DISTRIBUTION .—The Secretary shall, based on the needs of the Coast Guard, determine the number of members of the Committee who represent each entity specified in paragraph (3). Neither this paragraph nor any other 
provision of law shall be construed to require an equal distribution of members representing each entity specified in paragraph (3). ‘‘§ 15108. National Towing Safety Advisory Committee ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Towing Safety Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(b) FUNCTION .—The Committee shall advise the Secretary on matters relating to shallow draft inland navigation, coastal waterway navigation, and towing safety. ‘‘(c) MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of 18 members appointed by the Secretary in accordance with this section and section 15109 of this chapter. ‘‘(2) EXPERTISE .—Each member of the Committee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relating to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(3) REPRESENTATION .—Members of the Committee shall be appointed as follows: ‘‘(A) 7 members shall represent the barge and towing industry, reflecting a regional geographic balance. ‘‘(B) 1 member shall represent the offshore mineral and oil supply vessel industry. ‘‘(C) 1 member shall represent masters and pilots of towing vessels who hold active licenses and have experience on the Western Rivers and the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway. ‘‘(D) 1 member shall represent masters of towing vessels in offshore service who hold active licenses. ‘‘(E) 1 member shall represent masters of active shipdocking or harbor towing vessels. ‘‘(F) 1 member shall represent licensed and unlicensed towing vessel engineers with formal training and experience. ‘‘(G) 2 members shall represent port districts, authorities, or terminal operators. ‘‘(H) 2 members shall represent shippers and, of the 2, 1 shall be engaged in the shipment of oil or hazardous materials by barge. ‘‘(I) 2 members shall represent the general public. ‘‘§ 15109. Administration ‘‘(a) MEETINGS .—Each committee established under this chapter shall, at least once each year, meet at the call of the Secretary or a majority of the members of the committee. ‘‘(b) EMPLOYEE STATUS .—A member of a committee established under this chapter shall not be considered an employee of the Federal Government by reason of service on such committee, except for the purposes of the following: ‘‘(1) Chapter 81 of title 5. ‘‘(2) Chapter 171 of title 28 and any other Federal law relating to tort liability. ‘‘(c) COMPENSATION .—Notwithstanding subsection (b), a member of a committee established under this chapter, when actually engaged in the performance of the duties of such committee, may— ‘‘(1) receive compensation at a rate established by the Secretary, not to exceed the maximum daily rate payable under section 5376 of title 5; or ‘‘(2) if not compensated in accordance with paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) be reimbursed for actual and reasonable expenses incurred in the performance of such duties; or ‘‘(B) be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, as authorized by section 5703 of title 5. ‘‘(d) ACCEPTANCE OF VOLUNTEER SERVICES .— A member of a committee established under this chapter may serve on such committee on a voluntary basis without pay without regard to section 1342 of title 31 or any other law. ‘‘(e) STATUS OF MEMBERS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), with respect to a member of a committee established under this chapter whom the Secretary appoints to represent an entity or group— ‘‘(A) the member is authorized to represent the interests of the applicable entity or group; and ‘‘(B) requirements under Federal law that would interfere with such representation and that apply to a special Government employee (as defined in section 202(a) of title 18), including requirements relating to employee conduct, political activities, ethics, conflicts of interest, and corruption, do not apply to the member. ‘‘(2) EXCEPTION .—Notwithstanding subsection (b), a member of a committee established under this chapter shall be treated as a special Government employee for purposes of the committee service of the member if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary appointed the member to represent the general public; or ‘‘(B) the member, without regard to service on the committee, is a special Government employee. ‘‘(f) SERVICE ON COMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) SOLICITATION OF NOMINATIONS .—Before appointing an individual as a member of a committee established under this chapter, the Secretary shall publish, in the Federal Register, a timely notice soliciting nominations for membership on such committee. ‘‘(2) APPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—After considering nominations received pursuant to a notice published under paragraph (1), the Secretary may, as necessary, appoint a member to the applicable committee established under this chapter. ‘‘(B) PROHIBITION .—The Secretary shall not seek, consider, or otherwise use information concerning the political affiliation of a nominee in making an appointment to any committee established under this chapter. ‘‘(3) SERVICE AT PLEASURE OF THE SEC RETARY .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Each member of a committee established under this chapter shall serve at the pleasure of the Secretary. ‘‘(B) EXCEPTION .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), a member of the committee established under section 15102 may only be removed prior to the end of the term of that member for just cause. ‘‘(4) SECURITY BACKGROUND EXAMINATIONS .— The Secretary may require an individual to have passed an appropriate security background examination before appointment to a committee established under this chapter. ‘‘(5) PROHIBITION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), a Federal employee may not be appointed as a member of a committee established under this chapter. ‘‘(B) SPECIAL RULE FOR NATIONAL MERCHANT  
MARINE PERSONNEL ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—The Secretary may appoint a Federal employee to serve as a member of the National Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Committee to represent the interests of the United States Merchant Marine Academy and, notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), may do so without soliciting, receiving, or considering nominations for such appointment. ‘‘(6) TERMS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The term of each member of a committee established under this chapter shall expire on December 31 of the third full year after the effective date of the appointment. ‘‘(B) CONTINUED SERVICE AFTER TERM .—When the term of a member of a committee established under this chapter ends, the member, for a period not to exceed 1 year, may continue to serve as a member until a successor is appointed. ‘‘(7) VACANCIES .—A vacancy on a committee established under this chapter shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. ‘‘(8) SPECIAL RULE FOR REAPPOINTMENTS .— Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), the Secretary may reappoint a member of a committee established under this chapter for any term, other than the first term of the member, without soliciting, receiving, or considering nominations for such appointment. ‘‘(g) STAFF SERVICES .—The Secretary shall furnish to each committee established under this chapter any staff and services considered by the Secretary to be necessary for the conduct of the committee’s functions. ‘‘(h) CHAIRMAN ; VICECHAIRMAN .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Each committee established under this chapter shall elect a Chairman and Vice Chairman from among the committee’s members. ‘‘(2) VICE CHAIRMAN ACTING AS CHAIRMAN .— The Vice Chairman shall act as Chairman in the absence or incapacity of, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of, the Chairman. ‘‘(i) SUBCOMMITTEES AND WORKING GROUPS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Chairman of a committee established under this chapter may establish and disestablish subcommittees and working groups for any purpose consistent with the function of the committee. ‘‘(2) PARTICIPANTS .—Subject to conditions imposed by the Chairman, members of a committee established under this chapter and additional persons drawn from entities or groups designated by this chapter to be represented on the committee or the general public may be assigned to subcommittees and working groups established under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) CHAIR.—Only committee members may chair subcommittees and working groups established under paragraph (1). ‘‘(j) CONSULTATION , ADVICE , REPORTS , AND RECOMMENDATIONS .— ‘‘(1) CONSULTATION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Before taking any significant action, the Secretary shall consult with, and consider the information, advice, and recommendations of, a committee established under this chapter if the function of the committee is to advise the Secretary on matters related to the significant action. ‘‘(B) INCLUSION .—For purposes of this paragraph, regulations proposed under chapter 45 of this title are significant actions. ‘‘(2) ADVICE , REPORTS , AND RECOMMENDA TIONS .—Each committee established under this chapter shall submit, in writing, to the Secretary its advice, reports, and recommendations, in a form and at a frequency determined appropriate by the committee. ‘‘(3) EXPLANATION OF ACTIONS TAKEN .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Secretary receives recommendations from a committee under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) publish the recommendations on a website accessible at no charge to the public; ‘‘(B) if the recommendations are from the committee established under section 15102, establish a mechanism for the submission of public comments on the recommendations; and ‘‘(C) respond, in writing, to the committee regarding the recommendations, including by providing an explanation of actions taken regarding the recommendations. ‘‘(4) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate the advice, reports, and recommendations received from committees under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) ADDITIONAL SUBMISSION .—With respect to a committee established under section 70112 and to which this section applies, the Secretary shall submit the advice, reports, and recommendations received from the committee under paragraph (2) to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives in addition to the committees specified in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(k) OBSERVERS .—Any Federal agency with matters under such agency’s administrative jurisdiction related to the function of a committee established under this chapter may designate a representative to— ‘‘(1) attend any meeting of such committee; and ‘‘(2) participate as an observer at meetings of such committee that relate to such a matter. 
‘‘(l) T ERMINATION .—Each committee established under this chapter shall terminate on September 30, 2027.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for subtitle II of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 147 the following: ‘‘Part K–National Maritime Transportation Advisory Committees ‘‘151. National Maritime Transportation Advisory Committees..........15101’’. (c) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) COMMERCIAL FISHING SAFETY ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .—Section 4508 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 45 of that title, are repealed. (2) MERCHANT MARINER MEDICAL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .—Section 7115 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 71 of that title, are repealed. (3) MERCHANT MARINE PERSONNEL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .— (A) REPEAL .—Section 8108 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 81 of that title, are repealed. (B) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 7510(c)(1)(C) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘National’’ before ‘‘Merchant Marine’’. (4) NATIONAL BOATING SAFETY ADVISORY COUN CIL.— (A) REPEAL .—Section 13110 of title 46, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 131 of that title, are repealed. (B) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (i) REGULATIONS .—Section 4302(c)(4) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Council established under section 13110 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘Committee established under section 15105 of this title’’. (ii) REPAIR AND REPLACEMENT OF DEFECTS .— Section 4310(f) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Advisory Council’’ and inserting ‘‘Advisory Committee’’. (5) NAVIGATION SAFETY ADVISORY COUNCIL .— Section 5 of the Inland Navigational Rules Act of 1980 (33 U.S.C. 2073) is repealed. (6) TOWING SAFETY ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— (A) REPEAL .—Public Law 96–380 (33 U.S.C. 1231a) is repealed. (B) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (i) REDUCTION OF OIL SPILLS FROM SINGLE  
HULL NON SELFPROPELLED TANK VESSELS .—Sec tion 3719 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘National’’ before ‘‘Towing Safety’’. (ii) SAFETY EQUIPMENT .—Section 4102(f)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘National’’ before ‘‘Towing Safety’’. (d) TREATMENT OF EXISTING COUNCILS AND  COMMITTEES .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law— (1) an advisory council or committee substantially similar to an advisory committee established under chapter 151 of title 46, United States Code, as added by this Act, and that was in force or in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this section, including a council or committee the authority for which was repealed under subsection (c), may remain in force or in effect for a period of 2 years from the date of enactment of this section, including that the charter, membership, and other aspects of the council or committee may remain in force or in effect; and (2) during the 2year period referenced in paragraph (1)— (A) requirements relating to the applicable advisory committee established under chapter 151 of title 46, United States Code, shall be treated as satisfied by the substantially similar advisory council or committee; and (B) the enactment of this section, including the amendments made in this section, shall not be the basis— (i) to deem, find, or declare such council or committee, including the charter, membership, and other aspects thereof, void, not in force, or not in effect; (ii) to suspend the activities of such council or committee; or (iii) to bar the members of such council or committee from meeting. SEC. 602. MARITIME SECURITY ADVISORY COMMITTEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 70112 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 70112. Maritime Security Advisory Committees ‘‘(a) NATIONAL MARITIME SECURITY ADVISORY  COMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established a National Maritime Security Advisory Committee (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Committee’). ‘‘(2) FUNCTION .—The Committee shall advise the Secretary on matters relating to national maritime security, including on enhancing the sharing of information related to cybersecurity risks that may cause a transportation security incident, between relevant Federal agencies and— ‘‘(A) State, local, and tribal governments; ‘‘(B) relevant public safety and emergency response agencies; ‘‘(C) relevant law enforcement and security organizations; ‘‘(D) maritime industry; ‘‘(E) port owners and operators; and ‘‘(F) terminal owners and operators. ‘‘(3) MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Committee shall consist of at least 8 members, but not more than 21 members, appointed by the Secretary in accordance with this subsection and section 15109 of this title. ‘‘(B) EXPERTISE .—Each member of the Committee shall have particular expertise, knowledge, and experience in matters relating to the function of the Committee. ‘‘(C) REPRESENTATION .—Each of the following shall be represented by at least 1 member of the Committee: ‘‘(i) Port authorities. ‘‘(ii) Facilities owners and operators. ‘‘(iii) Terminal owners and operators. ‘‘(iv) Vessel owners and operators. ‘‘(v) Maritime labor organizations. ‘‘(vi) The academic community. ‘‘(vii) State and local governments. ‘‘(viii) The maritime industry. ‘‘(D) DISTRIBUTION .—If the Committee consists of at least 8 members who, together, satisfy the minimum representation requirements of subparagraph (C), the Secretary shall, based on the needs of the Coast Guard, determine the number of additional members of the Committee who represent each entity specified in that subparagraph. Neither this subparagraph nor any other provision of law shall be construed to require an equal distribution of members representing each entity specified in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(4) ADMINISTRATION .—For purposes of section 15109 of this title, the Committee shall be treated as a committee established under chapter 151 of such title. ‘‘(b) AREA MARITIME SECURITY ADVISORY  COMMITTEES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) ESTABLISHMENT .—The Secretary may— ‘‘(i) establish an Area Maritime Security Advisory Committee for any port area of the United States; and ‘‘(ii) request such a committee to review the proposed Area Maritime Transportation Security Plan developed under section 70103(b) and make recommendations to the Secretary that the committee considers appropriate. ‘‘(B) ADDITIONAL FUNCTIONS AND MEETINGS .— A committee established under this subsection for an area— ‘‘(i) may advise, consult with, report to, and make recommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to maritime security in that area; ‘‘(ii) may make available to the Congress recommendations that the committee makes to the Secretary; and ‘‘(iii) shall meet at the call of— ‘‘(I) the Secretary, who shall call such a meeting at least once during each calendar year; or ‘‘(II) a majority of the committee. ‘‘(2) MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Each committee established under this subsection shall consist of at least 7 members appointed by the Secretary, each of whom has at least 5 years practical experience in maritime security operations. ‘‘(B) TERMS .—The term of each member of a committee established under this subsection shall be for a period of not more than 5 years, specified by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) NOTICE .—Before appointing an individual to a position on a committee established under this subsection, the Secretary shall publish a notice in the Federal Register soliciting nominations for membership on the committee. ‘‘(D) BACKGROUND EXAMINATIONS .—The Sec retary may require an individual to have passed an appropriate security background examination before appointment to a committee established under this subsection. ‘‘(E) REPRESENTATION .—Each committee established under this subsection shall be composed of individuals who represent the interests of the port industry, terminal operators, port labor organizations, and other users of the port areas. ‘‘(3) CHAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Each committee established under this subsection shall elect 1 of the committee’s members as the Chairperson and 1 of the committee’s members as the Vice Chairperson. ‘‘(B) VICE CHAIRPERSON ACTING AS CHAIR PERSON .—The Vice Chairperson shall act as Chairperson in the absence or incapacity of the Chairperson, or in the event of a vacancy in the office of the Chairperson. ‘‘(4) OBSERVERS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, and the head of any other interested Federal agency may, designate a representative to participate as an observer with a committee established under this subsection. ‘‘(B) ROLE.—The Secretary’s designated representative to a committee established under this subsection shall act as the executive secretary of the committee and shall perform the duties set forth in section 10(c) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(5) CONSIDERATION OF VIEWS .—The Secretary shall consider the information, advice, and recommendations of each committee established under this subsection in formulating policy regarding matters affecting maritime security. ‘‘(6) COMPENSATION AND EXPENSES .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—A member of a committee established under this subsection, when attending meetings of the committee or when otherwise engaged in the business of the committee, is entitled to receive— ‘‘(i) compensation at a rate fixed by the Secretary, not exceeding the daily equivalent of the current rate of basic pay in effect for GS–15 of the General Schedule under section 5332 of title 5 including travel time; and ‘‘(ii) travel or transportation expenses under section 5703 of title 5. ‘‘(B) STATUS .—A member of a committee established under this subsection shall not be considered to be an officer or employee of the United States for any purpose based on the receipt of any payment under this paragraph. ‘‘(7) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) does not apply to a committee established under this subsection.’’. (b) TREATMENT OF EXISTING COMMITTEE .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law— (1) an advisory committee substantially similar to the National Maritime Security Advisory 
Committee established under section 70112(a) of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this section, and that was in force or in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this section, may remain in force or in effect for a period of 2 years from the date of enactment of this section, including that the charter, membership, and other aspects of the committee may remain in force or in effect; and (2) during the 2year period referenced in paragraph (1)— (A) requirements relating to the National Maritime Security Advisory Committee established under section 70112(a) of title 46, United States Code, as amended by this section, shall be treated as satisfied by the substantially similar advisory committee; and (B) the enactment of this section, including the amendments made in this section, shall not be the basis— (i) to deem, find, or declare such committee, including the charter, membership, and other aspects thereof, void, not in force, or not in effect; (ii) to suspend the activities of such committee; or (iii) to bar the members of such committee from meeting. TITLE VII—FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Maritime Commission Authorization Act of 2017’’. 
Section 308 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$24,700,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘$28,012,310 for fiscal year 2018 and $28,544,543 for fiscal year 2019’’. 
SEC. 703. REPORTING ON IMPACT OF ALLIANCES ON COMPETITION. 
Section 306 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) an analysis of the impacts on competition for the purchase of certain covered services by alliances of ocean common carriers acting pursuant to an agreement under this part between or among ocean common carriers, including a summary of actions, including corrective actions, taken by the Commission to promote such competition.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) DEFINITION OF CERTAIN COVERED SERVICES.—In this section, the term ‘certain covered services’ has the meaning given the term in section 40102.’’. 
Section 40102 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (25) as paragraphs (6) through (26), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (4), the following: ‘‘(5) CERTAIN COVERED SERVICES .—For pur poses of sections 41105 and 41307, the term ‘certain covered services’ means, with respect to a vessel— ‘‘(A) the berthing or bunkering of the vessel; ‘‘(B) the loading or unloading of cargo to or from the vessel to or from a point on a wharf or terminal; ‘‘(C) the positioning, removal, or replacement of buoys related to the movement of the vessel; and ‘‘(D) with respect to injunctive relief under section 41307, towing vessel services provided to such a vessel.’’. 
Section 40104(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) REPORTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Federal Maritime Commission may require a common carrier or marine terminal operator, or an officer, receiver, trustee, lessee, agent, or employee of the common carrier or marine terminal operator to file with the Commission a periodical or special report, an account, record, rate, or charge, or a memorandum of facts and transactions related to the business of the common carrier or marine terminal operator, as applicable. ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS .—Any report, account, record, rate, charge, or memorandum required to be filed under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) be made under oath if the Commission requires; and ‘‘(B) be filed in the form and within the time prescribed by the Commission. ‘‘(3) LIMITATION .—The Commission shall— ‘‘(A) limit the scope of any filing ordered under this section to fulfill the objective of the order; and ‘‘(B) provide a reasonable period of time for respondents to respond based upon their capabilities and the scope of the order.’’. 
(a) N OTICE OF FILING .—Section 40304(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) NOTICE OF FILING .—Not later than 7 days after the date an agreement is filed, the Federal Maritime Commission shall— ‘‘(1) transmit a notice of the filing to the Federal Register for publication; and ‘‘(2) request interested persons to submit relevant information and documents.’’. (b) REQUEST FOR INFORMATION AND DOCUMENTS .—Section 40304(d) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section’’ and inserting ‘‘part’’. (c) SAVING CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section, or the amendments made by this section, may be construed— (1) to prevent the Federal Maritime Commission from requesting from a person, at any time, any additional information or documents the Commission considers necessary to carry out chapter 403 of title 46, United States Code; (2) to prescribe a specific deadline for the submission of relevant information and documents in response to a request under section 40304(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code; or (3) to limit the authority of the Commission to request information under section 40304(d) of title 46, United States Code. 
(a) L ICENSE REQUIREMENT .—Section 40901(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘advertise, hold oneself out, or’’ after ‘‘may not’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .—Section 40901 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) APPLICABILITY .—Subsection (a) and section 40902 do not apply to a person that performs ocean transportation intermediary services on behalf of an ocean transportation intermediary for which it is a disclosed agent.’’. (c) FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY .—Section 40902(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘advertise, hold oneself out, or’’ after ‘‘may not’’. 
(a) Section 41104 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘A common carrier’’; (2) in subsection (a), as designated— (A) by amending paragraph (11) to read as follows: ‘‘(11) knowingly and willfully accept cargo from or transport cargo for the account of a nonvesseloperating common carrier that does not have a tariff as required by section 40501 of this title, or an ocean transportation intermediary that does not have a bond, insurance, or other surety as required by section 40902 of this title;’’; (B) in paragraph (12), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) continue to participate simultaneously in a rate discussion agreement and an agreement to share vessels, in the same trade, if the interplay of the authorities exercised by the specified agreements is likely, by a reduction in competition, to produce an unreasonable reduction in transportation service or an unreasonable increase in transportation cost.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Notwith standing any other provision of law, there is no private right of action to enforce the prohibition under subsection (a)(13). ‘‘(c) AGREEMENT VIOLATION .—Participants in an agreement found by the Commission to violate subsection (a)(13) shall have 90 days from the date of such Commission finding to withdraw from the agreement as necessary to comply with that subsection.’’. (b) APPLICATION .—Section 41104(a)(13) of title 46, United States Code, as amended, shall apply to any agreement filed or with an effective date before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(a) C ONCERTED ACTION .—Section 41105 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (8) as paragraphs (7) through (10), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (4) the following: ‘‘(5) negotiate with a tug or towing vessel service provider on any matter relating to rates or services provided within the United States by those tugs or towing vessels; ‘‘(6) with respect to a vessel operated by an ocean common carrier within the United States, negotiate for the purchase of certain covered services, unless the negotiations and any resulting agreements are not in violation of the antitrust laws and are consistent with the purposes of this part, except that this paragraph does not prohibit the setting and publishing of a joint through rate by a conference, joint venture, or association of ocean common carriers;’’. (b) AUTHORITY .—Chapter 411 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting after section 41105 the following: ‘‘§ 41105A. Authority ‘‘Nothing in section 41105, as amended by the Federal Maritime Commission Authorization Act of 2017, shall be construed to limit the authority of the Department of Justice regarding antitrust matters.’’; and (2) in the analysis at the beginning of chapter 411, by inserting after the item relating to section 41105 the following: ‘‘41105A. Authority.’’. (c) EXEMPTION .—Section 40307(b)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘tug operators,’’ after ‘‘motor carriers,’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 41307(b) of title 46, United States Code is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘or to substantially lessen competition in the purchasing of certain covered services’’ after ‘‘transportation cost’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) COMPETITION FACTORS .—In making a determination under this subsection regarding whether an agreement is likely to substantially lessen competition in the purchasing of certain covered services, the Commission may consider any relevant competition factors in affected markets, including, without limitation, the competitive effect of agreements other than the agreement under review.’’. 
(b) A PPLICATION .—Section 41307(b) of title 46, United States Code, as amended, shall apply to any agreement filed or with an effective date before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 303 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 303. Meetings ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Federal Maritime Commission shall be deemed to be an agency for purposes of section 552b of title 5. ‘‘(b) RECORD .—The Commission, through its secretary, shall keep a record of its meetings and the votes taken on any action, order, contract, or financial transaction of the Commission. ‘‘(c) NONPUBLIC COLLABORATIVE DISCUS SIONS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 552b of title 5, a majority of the Commissioners may hold a meeting that is not open to public observation to discuss official agency business if— ‘‘(A) no formal or informal vote or other official agency action is taken at the meeting; ‘‘(B) each individual present at the meeting is a Commissioner or an employee of the Commission; ‘‘(C) at least 1 Commissioner from each political party is present at the meeting, if applicable; and ‘‘(D) the General Counsel of the Commission is present at the meeting. ‘‘(2) DISCLOSURE OF NONPUBLIC COLLABO RATIVE DISCUSSIONS .—Except as provided under paragraph (3), not later than 2 business days after the conclusion of a meeting under paragraph (1), the Commission shall make available to the public, in a place easily accessible to the public— ‘‘(A) a list of the individuals present at the meeting; and ‘‘(B) a summary of the matters discussed at the meeting, except for any matters the Commission properly determines may be withheld from the public under section 552b(c) of title 5. ‘‘(3) EXCEPTION .—If the Commission properly determines matters may be withheld from the public under section 555b(c) of title 5, the Commission shall provide a summary with as much general information as possible on those matters withheld from the public. ‘‘(4) ONGOING PROCEEDINGS .—If a meeting under paragraph (1) directly relates to an ongoing proceeding before the Commission, the Commission shall make the disclosure under paragraph (2) on the date of the final Commission decision. ‘‘(5) PRESERVATION OF OPEN MEETINGS RE QUIREMENTS FOR AGENCY ACTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to limit the applicability of section 552b of title 5 with respect to a meeting of the Commissioners other than that described in this subsection. ‘‘(6) STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed— ‘‘(A) to limit the applicability of section 552b of title 5 with respect to any information which is proposed to be withheld from the public under paragraph (2)(B) of this subsection; or ‘‘(B) to authorize the Commission to withhold from any individual any record that is accessible to that individual under section 552a of title 5.’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 3 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by amending the item relating to section 303 to read as follows: ‘‘303. Meetings.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal Maritime Commission shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives biannual reports that describe the Commission’s progress toward addressing the issues raised in each unfinished regulatory proceeding, regardless of whether the proceeding is subject to a statutory or regulatory deadline. (b) FORMAT OF REPORTS .—Each report under subsection (a) shall, among other things, clearly identify for each unfinished regulatory proceeding— (1) the popular title; (2) the current stage of the proceeding; (3) an abstract of the proceeding; (4) what prompted the action in question; (5) any applicable statutory, regulatory, or judicial deadline; (6) the associated docket number; (7) the date the rulemaking was initiated; (8) a date for the next action; and (9) if a date for next action identified in the previous report is not met, the reason for the delay. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study that examines the immediate aftermath of a major ocean carrier bankruptcy and its impact through the supply chain. The study shall consider any financial mechanisms that could be used to mitigate the impact of any future bankruptcy events on the supply chain. (b) REPORT .—No later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report containing the findings, conclusions, and recommendations, if any, from the study required under subsection (a). 
Nothing in this Act may be construed— (1) to limit or amend the definition of ‘‘agreement’’ in section 40102(1) of title 46, United States Code, with respect to the exclusion of maritime labor agreements; or (2) to apply to a maritime labor agreement (as defined in section 40102(15) of that title). TITLE VIII—MISCELLANEOUS 
Subsection (h) of section 888 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 468) is repealed. 
SEC. 802. CORRECTIONS TO PROVISIONS ENACTED BY COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION ACTS. 
Section 604(b) of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281; 128 Stat. 3061) is amended by inserting ‘‘and fishery endorsement’’ after ‘‘endorsement’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall reduce lieutenant junior grade evaluation reports to the same length as an ensign or place lieutenant junior grade evaluations on an annual schedule. (b) SURVEYS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall conduct surveys of— (1) outgoing promotion board members and assignment officers to determine, at a minimum— (A) which sections of the officer evaluation report were most useful; (B) which sections of the officer evaluation report were least useful; (C) how to better reflect high performers; and (D) any recommendations for improving the officer evaluation report; and (2) at least 10 percent of the officers from each grade of officers from O1 to O6 to determine how much time each member of the rating chain spends on that member’s portion of the officer evaluation report. (c) REVISIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 4 years after the date of the completion of the surveys required by subsection (b), the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall revise the officer evaluation report, and provide corresponding directions, taking into account the requirements under paragraph (2). (2) REQUIREMENTS .—In revising the officer evaluation report under paragraph (1), the Commandant shall— (A) consider the findings of the surveys under subsection (b); (B) improve administrative efficiency; (C) reduce and streamline performance dimensions and narrative text; (D) eliminate redundancy with the officer specialty management system and any other record information systems that are used during the officer assignment or promotion process; (E) provide for fairness and equity for Coast Guard officers with regard to promotion boards, selection panels, and the assignment process; and (F) ensure officer evaluation responsibilities can be accomplished within normal working hours— (i) to minimize any impact to officer duties; and (ii) to eliminate any need for an officer to take liberty or leave for administrative purposes. (d) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 545 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the surveys under subsection (b). (2) FORMAT .—The report under paragraph (1) shall be formatted by each rank, type of board, and position, as applicable. 
Section 404 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–281; 124 Stat. 2950) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the text preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘sections 3304, 5333, and 5753’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3304’’; and (2) by striking subsection (b), and redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (b). 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the costs and benefits of creating a Coast Guard Reserve Officers’ Training Corps Program based on the other Armed Forces programs. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) CANINE CURRENCY DETECTION TEAM .—The term ‘‘canine currency detection team’’ means a canine and a canine handler that are trained to detect currency. (2) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. (b) ESTABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a program to allow the use of canine currency detection teams for purposes of Coast Guard maritime law enforcement, including underway vessel boardings. (c) OPERATION .—The Secretary may cooperate with, or enter into an agreement with, the head of another Federal agency to meet the requirements under subsection (b). 
SEC. 807. CENTER OF EXPERTISE FOR GREAT LAKES OIL SPILL SEARCH AND RESPONSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall establish a Center of Expertise for Great Lakes Oil Spill Preparedness and Response (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Center of Expertise’’) in accordance with section 313 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act. (b) LOCATION .—The Center of Expertise shall be located in close proximity to— (1) critical crude oil transportation infrastructure on and connecting the Great Lakes, such as submerged pipelines and hightraffic navigation locks; and (2) an institution of higher education with adequate aquatic research laboratory facilities and capabilities and expertise in Great Lakes aquatic ecology, environmental chemistry, fish and wildlife, and water resources. (c) FUNCTIONS .—The Center of Expertise shall— (1) monitor and assess, on an ongoing basis, the current state of knowledge regarding freshwater oil spill response technologies and the behavior and effects of oil spills in the Great Lakes; (2) identify any significant gaps in Great Lakes oil spill research, including an assessment of major scientific or technological deficiencies in responses to past spills in the Great Lakes and other freshwater bodies, and seek to fill those gaps; (3) conduct research, development, testing, and evaluation for freshwater oil spill response equipment, technologies, and techniques to mitigate and respond to oil spills in the Great Lakes; (4) educate and train Federal, State, and local first responders located in Coast Guard District 9 in— (A) the incident command system structure; (B) Great Lakes oil spill response techniques and strategies; and (C) public affairs; and (5) work with academic and private sector response training centers to develop and standardize maritime oil spill response training and techniques for use on the Great Lakes. (d) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘Great Lakes’’ means Lake Superior, Lake Michigan, Lake Huron, Lake Erie, and Lake Ontario. 
SEC. 808. PUBLIC SAFETY ANSWERING POINTS AND MARITIME SEARCH AND RESCUE COORDINATION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act— (1) the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall review Coast Guard policies and procedures for public safety answering points and searchandrescue coordination with State and local law enforcement entities in order to— (A) further minimize the possibility of maritime 911 calls being improperly routed; and (B) assure the Coast Guard is able to effectively carry out the Coast Guard’s maritime search and rescue mission; and (2) the Commandant shall— (A) formulate a national maritime public safety answering points policy; and (B) submit a report to the Congress on such assessment and policy, which shall include an update to the report submitted in accordance with section 233 of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014. 
Effective January 1, 2021, section 27 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–241; 105 Stat. 2218) is repealed. 
(a) L ANDEXCHANGE ; AYAKULIK ISLAND , ALASKA.—If the owner of Ayakulik Island, Alaska, offers to exchange the Island for the Tract— (1) within 10 days after receiving such offer, the Secretary shall provide notice of the offer to the Commandant; (2) within 90 days after receiving the notice under paragraph (1), the Commandant shall develop and transmit to the Secretary proposed operational restrictions on commercial activity conducted on the Tract, including the right of the Commandant to— (A) order the immediate termination, for a period of up to 72 hours, of any activity occurring on or from the Tract that violates or threatens to violate one or more of such restrictions; or (B) commence a civil action for appropriate relief, including a permanent or temporary injunction enjoining the activity that violates or threatens to violate such restrictions; (3) within 90 days after receiving the proposed operational restrictions from the Commandant, the Secretary shall transmit such restrictions to the owner of Ayakulik Island; and (4) within 30 days after transmitting the proposed operational restrictions to the owner of Ayakulik Island, and if the owner agrees to such restrictions, the Secretary shall convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Tract to the owner, subject to an easement granted to the Commandant to enforce such restrictions, in exchange for all right, title, and interest of such owner in and to Ayakulik Island. (b) BOUNDARY REVISIONS .—The Secretary may make technical and conforming revisions to the boundaries of the Tract before the date of the exchange. (c) PUBLIC LAND ORDER .—Effective on the date of an exchange under subsection (a), Public Land Order 5550 shall have no force or effect with respect to submerged lands that are part of the Tract. (d) FAILURE TO TIMELY RESPOND TO NOTICE.—If the Commandant does not transmit proposed operational restrictions to the Secretary within 30 days after receiving the notice under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall, by not later than 60 days after transmitting such notice, convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Tract to the owner of Ayakulik Island in exchange for all right, title, and interest of such owner in and to Ayakulik Island. (e) CERCLA NOTAFFECTED .—This section and an exchange under this section shall not be construed to limit the application of or otherwise affect section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)). (f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) COMMANDANT .—The term ‘‘Commandant’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard. (2) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (3) TRACT.—The term ‘‘Tract’’ means the land (including submerged land) depicted as ‘‘PROPOSED PROPERTY EXCHANGE AREA’’ on the survey titled ‘‘PROPOSED PROPERTY EXCHANGE PARCEL’’ and dated 3/22/17. 
Section 524(e)(2) of the Pribilof Island Transition Completion Act of 2016 (Public Law 114– 120), as amended by section 3533 of the Pribilof Island Transition Completion Amendments Act of 2016 (subtitle B of title XXXV of Public Law 114–328), is amended by— (1) striking ‘‘each month’’ and inserting ‘‘each April and October’’; and (2) striking ‘‘previous month’’ and inserting ‘‘previous six months’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall seek to enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act under which the Academy shall prepare an assessment of available unmanned, autonomous, or remotely controlled maritime domain awareness technologies for use by the Coast Guard. (b) ASSESSMENT .—The assessment shall— (1) describe the potential limitations of current and emerging unmanned technologies used in the maritime domain for— (A) ocean observation; (B) vessel monitoring and identification; (C) weather observation; (D) to the extent practicable for consideration by the Academy, intelligence gathering, surveillance, and reconnaissance; and (E) communications; (2) examine how technologies described in paragraph (1) can help prioritize Federal investment by examining; (A) affordability, including acquisition, operations, and maintenance; (B) reliability; (C) versatility; (D) efficiency; and (E) estimated service life and persistence of effort; and (3) analyze whether the use of new and emerging maritime domain awareness technologies can be used to— (A) carry out Coast Guard missions at lower costs; (B) expand the scope and range of Coast Guard maritime domain awareness; (C) allow the Coast Guard to more efficiently and effectively allocate Coast Guard vessels, aircraft, and personnel; and (D) identify adjustments that would be necessary in Coast Guard policies, procedures, and protocols to incorporate unmanned technologies to enhance efficiency. (c) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after entering into an arrangement with the Secretary under subsection (a), the National Academy of Sciences shall submit the assessment prepared under this section to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure and Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. (d) USE OF INFORMATION .—In formulating costs pursuant to subsection (b), the National Academy of Sciences may utilize information from other Coast Guard reports, assessments, or analyses regarding existing Coast Guard manpower requirements or other reports, assessments, or analyses for the acquisition of unmanned, autonomous, or remotely controlled technologies by the Federal Government. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall conduct a 1year pilot program to determine the impact of persistent use of different types of surveillance systems on illegal maritime activities, including illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, in the Western Pacific region. (b) REQUIREMENTS .—The pilot program shall— (1) consider the use of light aircraftbased detection systems that can identify potential illegal activity from high altitudes and produce enforcementquality evidence at low altitudes; and (2) be directed at detecting and deterring illegal maritime activities, including illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, and enhancing maritime domain awareness. 
SEC. 814. REIMBURSEMENTS FOR NONFEDERAL CONSTRUCTION COSTS OF CERTAIN AIDS TO NAVIGATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the availability of amounts specifically provided in advance in subsequent appropriations Acts and in accordance with this section, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may reimburse a nonFederal entity for costs incurred by the entity for a covered project. (b) CONDITIONS .—The Commandant may not provide reimbursement under subsection (a) with respect to a covered project unless— 
(1) the need for the project is a result of the completion of construction with respect to a federally authorized navigation channel; (2) the Commandant determines, through an appropriate navigation safety analysis, that the project is necessary to ensure safe marine transportation; (3) the Commandant approves the design of the project to ensure that it meets all applicable Coast Guard aidstonavigation standards and requirements; (4) the nonFederal entity agrees to transfer the project upon completion to the Coast Guard for operation and maintenance by the Coast Guard as a Federal aid to navigation; (5) the nonFederal entity carries out the project in accordance with the same laws and regulations that would apply to the Coast Guard if the Coast Guard carried out the project, including obtaining all permits required for the project under Federal and State law; and (6) the Commandant determines that the project satisfies such additional requirements as may be established by the Commandant. (c) LIMITATIONS .—Reimbursements under subsection (a) may not exceed the following: (1) For a single covered project, $5,000,000. (2) For all covered projects in a single fiscal year, $5,000,000. (d) EXPIRATION .—The authority granted under this section shall expire on the date that is 4 years after the date of enactment of this section. (e) COVERED PROJECT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered project’’ means a project carried out— (1) by a nonFederal entity to construct and establish an aid to navigation that facilitates safe and efficient marine transportation on a Federal navigation project authorized by title I of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114); and (2) in an area that was affected by Hurricane Harvey. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall— (1) review and compare the costs to the Government of— (A) towing vessel inspections performed by the Coast Guard; and (B) such inspections performed by a third party; and (2) based on such review and comparison, determine whether the costs to the Government of such inspections performed by a third party are different than the costs to the Government of such inspections performed by the Coast Guard. (b) REVISION OF FEES.—If the Commandant determines under subsection (a) that the costs to the Government of such inspections performed by a third party are different than the costs to the Government of such inspections performed by the Coast Guard, then the Commandant shall revise the fee assessed by the Coast Guard for such inspections as necessary to conform to the requirements under section 9701 of title 31, United States Code, that such fee be based on the cost to the Government of such inspections and accurately reflect such costs. 
Section 1012 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712) is amended— (1) by repealing subsection (g); (2) in subsection (l)(1), by striking ‘‘Within one year after the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010, and annually thereafter,’’ and inserting ‘‘Each year, on the date on which the President submits to Congress a budget under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code,’’; and (3) by amending subsection (l)(2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) CONTENTS .—The report shall include— ‘‘(A) a list of each incident that— ‘‘(i) occurred in the preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) resulted in disbursements from the Fund, for removal costs and damages, totaling $500,000 or more; ‘‘(B) a list of each incident that— ‘‘(i) occurred in the fiscal year preceding the preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) resulted in disbursements from the Fund, for removal costs and damages, totaling $500,000 or more; and ‘‘(C) an accounting of any amounts reimbursed to the Fund in the preceding fiscal year that were recovered from a responsible party for an incident that resulted in disbursements from the Fund, for removal costs and damages, totaling $500,000 or more.’’. SEC. 817. FLEET REQUIREMENTS ASSESSMENT AND STRATEGY. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, in consultation with interested Federal and nonFederal stakeholders, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report including— (1) an assessment of Coast Guard atsea operational fleet requirements to support its statutory missions established in the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.); and (2) a strategic plan for meeting the requirements identified under paragraph (1). (b) CONTENTS .—The report under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an assessment of— (A) the extent to which the Coast Guard at sea operational fleet requirements referred to in subsection (a)(1) are currently being met; (B) the Coast Guard’s current fleet, its operational lifespan, and how the anticipated changes in the age and distribution of vessels in the fleet will impact the ability to meet atsea operational requirements; (C) fleet operations and recommended improvements to minimize costs and extend operational vessel life spans; and (D) the number of Fast Response Cutters, Offshore Patrol Cutters, and National Security Cutters needed to meet atsea operational requirements as compared to planned acquisitions under the current programs of record; (2) an analysis of— (A) how the Coast Guard atsea operational fleet requirements are currently met, including the use of the Coast Guard’s current cutter fleet, agreements with partners, chartered vessels, and unmanned vehicle technology; and (B) whether existing and planned cutter programs of record (including the Fast Response Cutter, Offshore Patrol Cutter, and National Security Cutter) will enable the Coast Guard to meet atsea operational requirements; and (3) a description of— (A) planned manned and unmanned vessel acquisition; and (B) how such acquisitions will change the extent to which the Coast Guard atsea operational requirements are met. (c) CONSULTATION AND TRANSPARENCY .— (1) CONSULTATION .—In consulting with the Federal and nonFederal stakeholders under subsection (a), the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— (A) provide the stakeholders with opportunities for input— (i) prior to initially drafting the report, including the assessment and strategic plan; and (ii) not later than 3 months prior to finalizing the report, including the assessment and strategic plan, for submission; and (B) document the input and its disposition in the report. (2) TRANSPARENCY .—All input provided under paragraph (1) shall be made available to the public. (d) ENSURING MARITIME COVERAGE .—In order to meet Coast Guard mission requirements for search and rescue, ports, waterways, and coastal security, and maritime environmental response during recapitalization of Coast Guard vessels, the Coast Guard shall ensure continuity of the coverage, to the maximum extent practicable, in the locations that may lose assets. SEC. 818. NATIONAL SECURITY CUTTER. 
(a) S TANDARD METHOD FOR TRACKING .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard may not certify an eighth National Security Cutter as Ready for Operations before the date on which the Commandant provides to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate— (1) a notification of a new standard method for tracking operational employment of Coast Guard major cutters that does not include time during which such a cutter is away from its homeport for maintenance or repair; and (2) a report analyzing cost and performance for different approaches to achieving varied levels of operational employment using the standard method required by paragraph (1) that, at a minimum— (A) compares over a 30year period the average annualized baseline cost and performances for a certified National Security Cutter that operated for 185 days away from homeport or an equivalent alternative measure of operational tempo— (i) against the cost of a 15 percent increase in days away from homeport or an equivalent alternative measure of operational tempo for a National Security Cutter; and (ii) against the cost of the acquisition and operation of an additional National Security Cutter; and (B) examines the optimal level of operational employment of National Security Cutters to balance National Security Cutter cost and mission performance. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 221(b) of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (126 Stat. 1560) is repealed. (2) Section 204(c)(1) of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 35) is repealed. 
SEC. 819. ACQUISITION PLAN FOR INLAND WATERWAY AND RIVER TENDERS AND BAYCLASS ICEBREAKERS. 
(a) A CQUISITION PLAN.—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a plan to replace or extend the life of the Coast Guard fleet of inland waterway and river tenders, and the Bay class icebreakers. (b) CONTENTS .—The plan under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an analysis of the work required to extend the life of vessels described in subsection (a); (2) recommendations for which, if any, such vessels it is cost effective to undertake a shiplife extension or enhanced maintenance program; (3) an analysis of the aids to navigation program to determine if advances in navigation technology may reduce the needs for physical aids to navigation; (4) recommendations for changes to physical aids to navigation and the distribution of such aids that reduce the need for the acquisition of vessels to replace the vessels described in subsection (a); (5) a schedule for the acquisition of vessels to replace the vessels described in subsection (a), including the date on which the first vessel will be delivered; (6) the date such acquisition will be complete; (7) a description of the order and location of replacement vessels; (8) an estimate of the cost per vessel and of the total cost of the acquisition program of record; and 
(9) an analysis of whether existing vessels can be used. 
(a) I CEBREAKING ON THE GREAT LAKES.—For fiscal years 2018 and 2019, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may use funds made available pursuant to section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, for the construction of an icebreaker that is at least as capable as the Coast Guard Cutter Mackinaw to enhance icebreaking capacity on the Great Lakes. (b) ACQUISITION PLAN.—Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall submit a plan to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives for acquiring an icebreaker described in subsections (a) and (b). Such plan shall include— (1) the details and schedule of the acquisition activities to be completed; and (2) a description of how the funding for Coast Guard acquisition, construction, and improvements that was appropriated under the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115– 31) will be allocated to support the acquisition activities referred to in paragraph (1). 
THEPOLAR STAR.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall conduct an enhanced maintenance program on Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star (WAGB–10) to extend the service life of such vessel until at least December 31, 2025. (2) REQUIREMENT FOR REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, in consultation with Naval Sea Systems Command, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a detailed report describing a plan to extend the service life of the Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star (WAGB–10) until at least December 31, 2025, through an enhanced maintenance program. (3) CONTENT .—The report required by paragraph (2) shall include the following: (A) An assessment and discussion of the enhanced maintenance program recommended by the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine’s Committee on Polar Icebreaker Cost Assessment in the letter report ‘‘Acquisition and Operation of Polar Icebreakers: Fulfilling the Nation’s Needs’’. (B) An assessment and discussion of the Government Accountability Office’s concerns and recommendations regarding service life extension work on Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star (WAGB–10) in the report ‘‘Status of the Coast Guard’s Polar Icebreaking Fleet Capability and Recapitalization Plan’’. (C) Based upon a materiel condition assessment of the Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star (WAGB–10)— (i) a description of the service life extension needs of the vessel; (ii) detailed information regarding planned shipyard work for each fiscal year to meet such needs; and (iii) an estimate of the amount needed to be appropriated to complete the enhanced maintenance program. (D) A plan to ensure the vessel will maintain seasonally operational status during the enhanced maintenance program. (4) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard may use funds made available pursuant to section 4902 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by section 202 of this Act, for the enhanced maintenance program described in the report required by subsection (a). (b) COAST GUARD AND MARITIME TRANSPOR TATION ACT OF 2012; A MENDMENT .—Section 222 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–213), as amended, is further amended as follows: (1) by striking subsections (a) through (d); (2) by redesignating subsections (e) through (g) as subsections (a) through (c), respectively; (3) in subsection (a), as redesignated— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Except as provided in subsection (c), the Commandant’’ and inserting ‘‘The Commandant’’; (B) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘Polar Sea or’’; (C) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘either of the vessels’’ and inserting ‘‘the Polar Star or the Polar Sea’’; and (D) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘either of the vessels’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the Polar Star’’. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ARCTIC .—In this section, the term ‘‘Arctic’’ has the meaning given the term in section 112 of the Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111). (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Arctic continues to grow in significance to both the national security interests and the economic prosperity of the United States; and (2) the Coast Guard must ensure it is positioned to respond to any accident, incident, or threat with appropriate assets. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and taking into consideration the Department of Defense 2016 Arctic Strategy, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the progress toward implementing the strategic objectives described in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy dated May 2013. (d) CONTENTS .—The report under subsection (c) shall include— (1) a description of the Coast Guard’s progress toward each strategic objective identified in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy dated May 2013; (2) an assessment of the assets and infrastructure necessary to meet the strategic objectives identified in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy dated May 2013 based on factors such as— (A) response time; (B) coverage area; (C) endurance on scene; (D) presence; and (E) deterrence; (3) an analysis of the sufficiency of the distribution of National Security Cutters, Offshore Patrol Cutters, and Fast Response Cutters both stationed in various Alaskan ports and in other locations to meet the strategic objectives identified in the United States Coast Guard Arctic Strategy, dated May 2013; (4) plans to provide communications throughout the entire Coastal Western Alaska Captain of the Port zone to improve waterway safety and mitigate close calls, collisions, and other dangerous interactions between the shipping industry and subsistence hunters; (5) plans to prevent marine casualties, when possible, by ensuring vessels avoid environmentally sensitive areas and permanent security zones; (6) an explanation of— (A) whether it is feasible to establish a vessel traffic service, using existing resources or otherwise; and (B) whether an Arctic Response Center of Expertise is necessary to address the gaps in experience, skills, equipment, resources, training, and doctrine to prepare, respond to, and recover spilled oil in the Arctic; and (7) an assessment of whether sufficient agreements are in place to ensure the Coast Guard is receiving the information it needs to carry out its responsibilities. SEC. 823. ARCTIC PLANNING CRITERIA. 
(a) A LTERNATIVE PLANNING CRITERIA .— (1) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), the Commandant of the Coast Guard may approve a vessel response plan under section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321) for a vessel operating in any area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone (as established by the Commandant) that includes the Arctic, if the Commandant verifies that— (A) equipment required to be available for response under the plan has been tested and proven capable of operating in the environmental conditions expected in the area in which it is intended to be operated; and (B) the operators of such equipment have conducted training on the equipment within the area covered by such Captain of the Port Zone. (2) POSTAPPROVAL REQUIREMENTS .—In ap proving a vessel response plan under paragraph (1), the Commandant shall— (A) require that the oil spill removal organization identified in the vessel response plan conduct regular exercises and drills using the response resources identified in the plan in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone that includes the Arctic; and (B) allow such oil spill removal organization to take credit for a response to an actual spill or release in the area covered by such Captain of the Port Zone, instead of conducting an exercise or drill required under subparagraph (A), if the oil spill removal organization— (i) documents which exercise or drill requirements were met during the response; and (ii) submits a request for credit to, and receives approval from, the Commandant. (b) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the oil spill prevention and response capabilities for the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone (as established by the Commandant) that includes the Arctic. (2) CONTENTS .—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of equipment and assets available for response under the vessel response plans approved for vessels operating in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone, including details on any providers of such equipment and assets. (B) A description of the location of such equipment and assets, including an estimate of the time to deploy the equipment and assets. (C) A determination of how effectively such equipment and assets are distributed throughout the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone. (D) A statement regarding whether the ability to maintain and deploy such equipment and assets is taken into account when measuring the equipment and assets available throughout the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone. (E) A validation of the port assessment visit process and response resource inventory for response under the vessel response plans approved for vessels operating in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone. (F) A determination of the compliance rate with Federal vessel response plan regulations in the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone during the previous 3 years. 
(G) A description of the resources needed throughout the area covered by the Captain of the Port Zone to conduct port assessments, exercises, response plan reviews, and spill responses. (c) DEFINITION OF ARCTIC .—In this section, the term ‘‘Arctic’’ has the meaning given the term under section 112 of the Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete and submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a comprehensive review of the processes and resources used by the Coast Guard to implement vessel response plan requirements under section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321). (b) REQUIRED ELEMENTS OF REVIEW .—The re view required under subsection (a) shall, at a minimum, include— (1) a study, or an audit if appropriate, of the processes the Coast Guard uses— (A) to approve the vessel response plans referred to in subsection (a); (B) to approve alternate planning criteria used in lieu of National Planning Criteria in approving such plans; (C) to verify compliance with such plans; and (D) to act in the event of a failure to comply with the requirements of such plans; (2) an examination of all Federal and State agency resources used by the Coast Guard in carrying out the processes identified under paragraph (1), including— (A) the current staffing model and organization; (B) data, software, simulators, systems, or other technology, including those pertaining to weather, oil spill trajectory modeling, and risk management; (C) the total amount of time per fiscal year expended by Coast Guard personnel to approve and verify compliance with vessel response plans; and (D) the average amount of time expended by the Coast Guard for approval of, and verification of compliance with, a single vessel response plan; (3) an analysis of how, including by what means or methods, the processes identified under paragraph (1)— (A) ensure compliance with applicable law; (B) are implemented by the Coast Guard, including at the district and sector levels; (C) are informed by public comment and engagement with States, Indian Tribes, and other regional stakeholders; (D) ensure availability and adequate operational capability and capacity of required assets and equipment, including in cases in which contractual obligations may limit the availability of such assets and equipment for response; (E) provide for adequate asset and equipment mobilization time requirements, particularly with respect to— (i) calculation and establishment of such requirements; (ii) verifying compliance with such requirements; and (iii) factoring in weather, including specific regional adverse weather as defined in section 155.1020 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, in calculating, establishing, and verifying compliance with such requirements; (F) ensure response plan updates and vessel compliance when changes occur in response planning criteria, asset and equipment mobilization times, or regional response needs, such as trends in transportation of high gravity oils or changes in vessel traffic volume; and (G) enable effective action by the Coast Guard in the event of a failure to comply with response plan requirements; (4) a determination regarding whether asset and equipment mobilization time requirements under approved vessel response plans can be met by the vessels to which they apply; and (5) recommendations for improving the processes identified under paragraph (1), including recommendations regarding the sufficiency of Coast Guard resources dedicated to those processes. SEC. 825. WATERS DEEMED NOT NAVIGABLE WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES. 
For purposes of the application of subtitle II of title 46, United States Code, to the Volunteer (Hull Number CCA4108), the Illinois and Michigan Canal is deemed to not be navigable waters of the United States. 
Coast Guard personnel performing nonrecreational vessel documentation functions under subchapter II of chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, may perform recreational vessel documentation under section 12114 of such title in any fiscal year in which— (1) funds available for Coast Guard operating expenses may not be used for expenses incurred for recreational vessel documentation; (2) fees collected from owners of yachts and credited to such use are insufficient to pay expenses of recreational vessel documentation; and (3) there is a backlog of applications for recreational vessel documentation. 
SEC. 827. EQUIPMENT REQUIREMENTS; EXEMPTION FROM THROWABLE PERSONAL FLOTATION DEVICES REQUIREMENT. 
Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— (1) prescribe regulations in part 160 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, that treat a marine throw bag, as that term is commonly used in the commercial whitewater rafting industry, as a type of lifesaving equipment; and (2) revise section 175.17 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, to exempt rafts that are 16 feet or more overall in length from the requirement to carry an additional throwable personal flotation device when such a marine throw bag is onboard and accessible. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall develop a performance standard for the alternative use and possession of visual distress alerting and locating signals as mandated by carriage requirements for recreational boats in subpart C of part 175 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) REGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the performance standard for alternative use and possession of visual distress alerting and locating signals is finalized, the Secretary shall revise part 175 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, to allow for carriage of such alternative signal devices. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall prescribe a final rule eliminating the requirement that a mariner actively using the mariner’s credential complete an approved refresher or recertification course to maintain a radar observer endorsement. This rulemaking shall be exempt from chapters 5 and 6 of title 5, United States Code, and Executive Orders 12866 and 13563. 
SEC. 830. COMMERCIAL FISHING VESSEL SAFETY NATIONAL COMMUNICATIONS PLAN. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR PLAN.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall develop and submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a national communications plan for the purposes of— (1) disseminating information to the commercial fishing vessel industry; (2) conducting outreach with the commercial fishing vessel industry; (3) facilitating interaction with the commercial fishing vessel industry; and (4) releasing information collected under section 15102 of title 46, United States Code, as added by this Act, to the commercial fishing vessel industry. (b) CONTENT .—The plan required by subsection (a), and each annual update, shall— (1) identify staff, resources, and systems available to the Secretary to ensure the widest dissemination of information to the commercial fishing vessel industry; (2) include a means to document all communication and outreach conducted with the commercial fishing vessel industry; and (3) include a mechanism to measure effectiveness of such plan. (c) IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than one year after submission of the initial plan, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall implement the plan and shall at a minimum— (1) leverage Coast Guard staff, resources, and systems available; (2) monitor implementation nationwide to ensure adherence to plan contents; (3) allow each Captain of the Port to adopt the most effective strategy and means to communicate with commercial fishing vessel industry in that Captain of the Port Zone; (4) document communication and outreach; and (5) solicit feedback from the commercial fishing vessel industry. (d) REPORT AND UPDATES .—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— (1) submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the effectiveness of the plan to date and any updates to ensure maximum impact of the plan one year after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 4 years thereafter; and (2) include in such report input from individual Captains of the Port and any feedback received from the commercial fishing vessel industry. 
SEC. 831. ATLANTIC COAST PORT ACCESS ROUTE STUDY RECOMMENDATIONS. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of the Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall notify the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate of action taken to carry out the recommendations contained in the final report issued by the Atlantic Coast Port Access Route Study (ACPARS) workgroup for which notice of availability was published March 14, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 13307). 
Section 5 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act making appropriations for the construction, repair, and preservation of certain public works on rivers and harbors, and for other purposes’’, approved August 18, 1894 (33 U.S.C. 499), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) TEMPORARY CHANGES TO DRAWBRIDGE  OPERATING SCHEDULES .—Notwithstanding section 553 of title 5, United States Code, whenever a temporary change to the operating schedule of a drawbridge, lasting 180 days or less— ‘‘(1) is approved— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— 
‘‘(i) issue a deviation approval letter to the bridge owner; and ‘‘(ii) announce the temporary change in— ‘‘(I) the Local Notice to Mariners; ‘‘(II) a broadcast notice to mariners and through radio stations; or ‘‘(III) such other local media as the Secretary considers appropriate; and ‘‘(B) the bridge owner, except a railroad bridge owner, shall notify— ‘‘(i) the public by publishing notice of the temporary change in a newspaper of general circulation published in the place where the bridge is located; ‘‘(ii) the department, agency, or office of transportation with jurisdiction over the roadway that abuts the approaches to the bridge; and ‘‘(iii) the law enforcement organization with jurisdiction over the roadway that abuts the approaches to the bridge; or ‘‘(2) is denied, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— ‘‘(A) not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the request, provide the bridge owner in writing the reasons for the denial, including any supporting data and evidence used to make the determination; and ‘‘(B) provide the bridge owner a reasonable opportunity to address each reason for the denial and resubmit the request. ‘‘(e) DRAWBRIDGE MOVEMENTS .—The Sec retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating— ‘‘(1) shall require a drawbridge operator to record each movement of the drawbridge in a logbook; ‘‘(2) may inspect the logbook to ensure drawbridge movement is in accordance with the posted operating schedule; ‘‘(3) shall review whether deviations from the posted operating schedule are impairing vehicular and pedestrian traffic; and ‘‘(4) may determine if the operating schedule should be adjusted for efficiency of maritime or vehicular and pedestrian traffic. ‘‘(f) REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) LOGBOOKS .—An operator of a drawbridge built across a navigable river or other water of the United States— ‘‘(A) that opens the draw of such bridge for the passage of a vessel, shall record in a logbook— ‘‘(i) the bridge identification and date of each opening; ‘‘(ii) the bridge tender or operator for each opening; ‘‘(iii) each time it is opened for navigation; ‘‘(iv) each time it is closed for navigation; ‘‘(v) the number and direction of vessels passing through during each opening; ‘‘(vi) the types of vessels passing through during each opening; ‘‘(vii) an estimated or known size (height, length, and beam) of the largest vessel passing through during each opening; ‘‘(viii) for each vessel, the vessel name and registration number if easily observable; and ‘‘(ix) all maintenance openings, malfunctions, or other comments; and ‘‘(B) that remains open to navigation but closes to allow for trains to cross, shall record in a logbook— ‘‘(i) the bridge identification and date of each opening and closing; ‘‘(ii) the bridge tender or operator; ‘‘(iii) each time it is opened to navigation; ‘‘(iv) each time it is closed to navigation; and ‘‘(v) all maintenance openings, closings, malfunctions, or other comments. ‘‘(2) MAINTENANCE OF LOGBOOKS .—A draw bridge operator shall maintain logbooks required under paragraph (1) for not less than 5 years. ‘‘(3) SUBMISSION OF LOGBOOKS .—At the request of the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, a drawbridge operator shall submit to the Secretary the logbook required under paragraph (1) as the Secretary considers necessary to carry out this section. ‘‘(4) EXEMPTION .—The requirements under paragraph (1) shall be exempt from sections 3501 to 3521 of title 44, United States Code.’’. 
Section 8902 of title 46, United States Code, shall not apply to the chain ferry DIANE (United States official number CG002692) when such vessel is operating on the Kalamazoo River in Saugatuck, Michigan. 
Section 3503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 3503. Fireretardant materials ‘‘(a)(1) A passenger vessel of the United States having berth or stateroom accommodations for at least 50 passengers shall be granted a certificate of inspection only if— ‘‘(A) the vessel is constructed of fireretardant materials; and ‘‘(B) the vessel— ‘‘(i) is operating engines, boilers, main electrical distribution panels, fuel tanks, oil tanks, and generators that meet current Coast Guard regulations; and ‘‘(ii) is operating boilers and main electrical generators that are contained within noncombustible enclosures equipped with fire suppression systems. ‘‘(2) Before December 1, 2028, this subsection does not apply to any vessel in operation before January 1, 1968, and operating only within the Boundary Line. ‘‘(b)(1) The owner or managing operator of an exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2) shall— ‘‘(A) notify in writing prospective passengers, prior to purchase, and each crew member that the vessel does not comply with applicable fire safety standards due primarily to the wooden construction of passenger berthing areas; ‘‘(B) display in clearly legible font prominently throughout the vessel, including in each state room the following: ‘THIS VESSEL FAILS TO COMPLY WITH SAFETY RULES AND REGULATIONS OF THE U.S. COAST GUARD.’; ‘‘(C) acquire prior to the vessel entering service, and maintain, liability insurance in an amount to be prescribed by the Federal Maritime Commission; ‘‘(D) make annual structural alteration to not less than 10 percent of the areas of the vessel that are not constructed of fire retardant materials; ‘‘(E) prioritize alterations in galleys, engineering areas of the vessel, including all spaces and compartments containing, or adjacent to spaces and compartments containing, engines, boilers, main electrical distribution panels, fuel tanks, oil tanks, and generators; ‘‘(F) ensure, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, that the combustible fireload has been reduced pursuant to subparagraph (D) during each annual inspection for certification; ‘‘(G) ensure the vessel has multiple forms of egress off the vessel’s bow and stern; ‘‘(H) provide advance notice to the Coast Guard regarding the structural alterations made pursuant to subparagraph (D) and comply with any noncombustible material requirements prescribed by the Coast Guard; ‘‘(I) annually notify all ports of call and State emergency management offices of jurisdiction that the vessel does not comply with the requirement under subsection (a)(1); ‘‘(J) provide crewmembers manning such vessel shipboard training that— ‘‘(i) is specialized for exempted vessels; ‘‘(ii) exceeds requirements related to standards for firefighting training under chapter I of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on October 1, 2017; and ‘‘(iii) is approved by the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(K) to the extent practicable, take all steps to retain previously trained crew knowledgeable of such vessel or to hire crew trained in operations aboard exempted vessels. ‘‘(2) The owner or managing operator of an exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2) may not disclaim liability to a passenger or crew member of such vessel for death, injury, or any other loss caused by fire due to the negligence of the owner or managing operator. ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) conduct an annual audit and inspection of each exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2); ‘‘(B) in implementing subparagraph (b)(1)(F), consider, to the extent practicable, the goal of preservation of the historic integrity of such vessel in areas carrying or accessible to passengers or generally visible to the public; and ‘‘(C) prescribe regulations to carry out this section, including to prescribe the manner in which prospective passengers are to be notified under paragraph (1)(A). ‘‘(4) The penalties provided in section 3504(c) of this title shall apply to a violation of this subsection. ‘‘(c) In addition to otherwise applicable penalties, the Secretary may immediately withdraw a certificate of inspection for an exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2) that does not comply with any requirement under subsection (b).’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Upon the date of enactment of this Act and notwithstanding sections 12112(a)(2)(A) and 12113(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code, the Secretary shall issue a certificate of documentation with coastwise and fishery endorsements to the certificated vessel. (b) REPLACEMENT VESSEL .—The certificated vessel shall qualify as a replacement vessel for the vessel ‘‘AMERICA NO.1’’ (United States official number 610654) and not be precluded from operating as an Amendment 80 replacement vessel under the provisions of part 679 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations. (c) COAST GUARD REVIEW AND DETERMINA TION.— (1) REVIEW .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall conduct a review of the use of certain foreign fabricated steel components in the hull or superstructure of the certificated vessel. (2) DETERMINATION .—Based on the review conducted under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall determine whether the shipyard that constructed the certificated vessel or the purchaser of the certificated vessel knew before such components were procured or installed that the use of such components would violate requirements under sections 12112(a)(2)(A) and 12113(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code. (3) REVOCATION .—If the Secretary determines under paragraph (2) that the shipyard that constructed the certificated vessel or the purchaser of the certificated vessel knew before such components were procured or installed that the use of such components would violate requirements under sections 12112(a)(2)(A) and 12113(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code, the Secretary shall immediately revoke the certificate of documentation issued under subsection (a). (4) USE OF DOCUMENTS .—In conducting the review required under paragraph (1), the Secretary may request and review any information, correspondence, or documents related to the construction of the certificated vessel, including from the shipyard that constructed the certificated vessel and the purchaser of the certificated vessel. (d) TERMINATION .—If the contract for purchase of the certificated vessel that is in effect on the date of enactment of this Act is terminated, the purchasing party to that contract shall be prohibited from entering into a subsequent contract or agreement for purchase of such vessel. (e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) CERTIFICATED VESSEL .—The term ‘‘certificated vessel’’ means the vessel America’s Finest (United States official number 1276760). 
(2) S ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard. 
(a) L IMITATIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Upon the Coast Guard issuing a certificate of documentation with coastwise and fishery endorsements for the vessel ‘‘AMERICA’S FINEST’’ (United States official number 1276760) and during any period such certificate is in effect, and subject to subsection (b), the total amount of groundfish harvested with respect to subparagraph (A) or the total amount of deliveries processed from other vessels with respect to subparagraph (B) by the vessels described in paragraph (2) shall not collectively exceed— (A) the percentage of the harvest available in any Gulf of Alaska groundfish fisheries (other than fisheries subject to a limited access privilege program created by the North Pacific Fishery Management Council) that is equivalent to the total harvest by the vessels described in paragraph (2) in those fisheries in the calendar years that a vessel described in paragraph (2) had harvest from 2012 through 2017 relative to the total allowable catch available to such vessels in the calendar years 2012 through 2017; or (B) the percentage of processing of deliveries from other vessels in any Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, and Gulf of Alaska groundfish fisheries (including fisheries subject to a limited access privilege program created by the North Pacific Fishery Management Council, or community development quotas as described in section 305(i) of the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1855(i))) that is equivalent to the total processing of such deliveries by the vessels described in paragraph (2) in those fisheries in the calendar years 2012 through 2017 relative to the total allowable catch available in the calendar years 2012 through 2017. (2) APPLICABLE VESSELS .—The limitations described in paragraph (1) shall apply, in the aggregate, to— (A) the vessel AMERICA’S FINEST (United States official number 1276760); (B) the vessel US INTREPID (United States official number 604439); (C) the vessel AMERICAN NO. 1 (United States official number 610654); (D) any replacement of a vessel described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C); and (E) any vessel assigned license number LLG3217 under the license limitation program under part 679 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) EXPIRATION .—The limitations described in subsection (a) shall apply to a groundfish species in Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, and Gulf of Alaska only until the earlier of— (1) the end of the 6year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act; or (2) the date on which the Secretary of Commerce issues a final rule, based on recommendations developed by the North Pacific Fishery Management Council consistent with the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), that limits processing deliveries of that groundfish species from other vessels in any Bering Sea, Aleutian Islands, and Gulf of Alaska groundfish fisheries that are not subject to conservation and management measures under section 206 of the American Fisheries Act (16 U.S.C. 1851 note). (c) EXISTING AUTHORITY .—Except for the measures required by this section, nothing in this title shall be construed to limit the authority of the North Pacific Fishery Management Council or the Secretary of Commerce under the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). SEC. 837. TRANSFER OF COAST GUARD PROPERTY IN JUPITER ISLAND, FLORIDA, FOR INCLUSION IN HOBE SOUND NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE. 
(a) T RANSFER .—Administrative jurisdiction over the property described in subsection (b) is transferred to the Secretary of the Interior. (b) PROPERTY DESCRIBED .—The property described in this subsection is real property administered by the Coast Guard in the Town of Jupiter Island, Florida, comprising Parcel #35–38– 42–004–000–02590–6 (Bon Air Beach lots 259 and 260 located at 83 North Beach Road) and Parcel #35–38–42–004–000–02610–2 (Bon Air Beach lots 261 to 267), including any improvements thereon that are not authorized or required by another provision of law to be conveyed to another person. (c) ADMINISTRATION .—The property described in subsection (b) is included in Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge, and shall be administered by the Secretary of the Interior acting through the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall request the National Offshore Safety Advisory Committee to examine whether there are unnecessary regulatory barriers to the use of small passenger vessels, crewboats, and offshore supply vessels in disaster response and provide recommendations, as appropriate, to reduce such barriers. 
(a) C ONSULTATION .—In addition and subsequent to any rulemaking conducted under section 117.8 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, related to permanent changes to drawbridge openings that result from Amtrak service between New Orleans, Louisiana and Orlando, Florida, the Commandant shall consult with owners or operators of rail lines used for Amtrak passenger service between New Orleans, Louisiana and Orlando, Florida and affected waterway users on changes to drawbridge operating schedules necessary to facilitate the On Time Performance of passenger trains. These changes to schedules shall not impact Coast Guard response times to operational missions. (b) TIMING .—Consultation in subsection (a) shall occur after commencement of Amtrak passenger service on the rail lines between New Orleans, Louisiana and Orlando, Florida at the following intervals: (1) Not less than 3 months following the commencement of Amtrak passenger service. (2) Not less than 6 months following the commencement of Amtrak passenger service. (c) REPORT .—If after conducting the consultations required by subsection (b)(2), the Commandant finds that permanent changes to drawbridge operations are necessary to mitigate delays in the movement of trains described in subsection (a) and that those changes do not unreasonably obstruct the navigability of the affected waterways, then the Commandant shall submit those findings to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. TITLE IX—VESSEL INCIDENTAL DISCHARGE ACT 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Vessel Incidental Discharge Act of 2018’’. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this title are— (1) to provide for the establishment of uniform, environmentally sound standards and requirements for the management of discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel; (2) to charge the Environmental Protection Agency with primary responsibility for establishing standards relating to the discharge of pollutants from vessels; (3) to charge the Coast Guard with primary responsibility for prescribing, administering, and enforcing regulations, consistent with the discharge standards established by the Environmental Protection Agency, for the design, construction, installation, and operation of the equipment and management practices required onboard vessels; and (4) to preserve the flexibility of States, political subdivisions, and certain regions with respect to the administration and enforcement of standards relating to the discharge of pollutants from vessels engaged in maritime commerce and transportation. (b) FINDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the Environmental Protection Agency is the principal Federal authority charged under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) with regulating through the issuance of permits for the discharge of pollutants into the navigable waters of the United States; (2) the Coast Guard is the principal Federal authority charged with administering, enforcing, and prescribing regulations relating to the discharge of pollutants from vessels; and (3) during the period of 1973 to 2010— (A) the Environmental Protection Agency promulgated regulations exempting certain discharges incidental to the normal operation of vessels from otherwise applicable permitting requirements of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.); and (B) Congress enacted laws on numerous occasions governing the regulation of discharges incidental to the normal operation of vessels, including— (i) the Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships (33 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.); (ii) the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.); (iii) the National Invasive Species Act of 1996 (16 U.S.C. 4701 note; Public Law 104–332); (iv) section 415 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–383; 112 Stat. 3434) and section 623 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2004 (33 U.S.C. 1901 note; Public Law 108–293), which established interim and permanent requirements, respectively, for the regulation of vessel discharges of certain bulk cargo residue; (v) title XIV of division B of Appendix D of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2001 (Public Law 106–554; 114 Stat. 2763A–315), which prohibited or limited certain vessel discharges in certain areas of Alaska; (vi) section 204 of the Maritime Transportation Security Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 1902a), which established requirements for the regulation of vessel discharges of agricultural cargo residue material in the form of hold washings; and (vii) title X of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010 (33 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.), which provided for the implementation of the International Convention on the Control of Harmful AntiFouling Systems on Ships, 2001. 
SEC. 903. STANDARDS FOR DISCHARGES INCIDENTAL TO NORMAL OPERATION OF VESSELS. 
(a) U NIFORM NATIONAL STANDARDS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(p) UNIFORM NATIONAL STANDARDS FOR DISCHARGES INCIDENTAL TO NORMAL OPERATION OF  VESSELS .— ‘‘(1) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) AQUATIC NUISANCE SPECIES .—The term ‘aquatic nuisance species’ means a nonindigenous species that threatens— ‘‘(i) the diversity or abundance of a native species; ‘‘(ii) the ecological stability of— ‘‘(I) waters of the United States; or ‘‘(II) waters of the contiguous zone; or ‘‘(iii) a commercial, agricultural, aquacultural, or recreational activity that is dependent on— 
‘‘(I) waters of the United States; or ‘‘(II) waters of the contiguous zone. ‘‘(B) BALLAST WATER .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘ballast water’ means any water, suspended matter, and other materials taken onboard a vessel— ‘‘(I) to control or maintain trim, draught, stability, or stresses of the vessel, regardless of the means by which any such water or suspended matter is carried; or ‘‘(II) during the cleaning, maintenance, or other operation of a ballast tank or ballast water management system of the vessel. ‘‘(ii) EXCLUSION .—The term ‘ballast water’ does not include any substance that is added to the water described in clause (i) that is directly related to the operation of a properly functioning ballast water management system. ‘‘(C) BALLAST WATER DISCHARGE STANDARD .— The term ‘ballast water discharge standard’ means— ‘‘(i) the numerical ballast water discharge standard established by section 151.1511 or 151.2030 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations); or ‘‘(ii) if a standard referred to in clause (i) is superseded by a numerical standard of performance under this subsection, that superseding standard. ‘‘(D) BALLAST WATER EXCHANGE .—The term ‘ballast water exchange’ means the replacement of water in a ballast water tank using 1 of the following methods: ‘‘(i) Flowthrough exchange, in which ballast water is flushed out by pumping in midocean water at the bottom of the tank if practicable, and continuously overflowing the tank from the top, until 3 full volumes of water have been changed to minimize the number of original organisms remaining in the tank. ‘‘(ii) Empty and refill exchange, in which ballast water taken on in ports, estuarine waters, or territorial waters is pumped out until the pump loses suction, after which the ballast tank is refilled with midocean water. ‘‘(E) BALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .— The term ‘ballast water management system’ means any marine pollution control device (including all ballast water treatment equipment, ballast tanks, pipes, pumps, and all associated control and monitoring equipment) that processes ballast water— ‘‘(i) to kill, render nonviable, or remove organisms; or ‘‘(ii) to avoid the uptake or discharge of organisms. ‘‘(F) BEST AVAILABLE TECHNOLOGY ECONOMI CALLY ACHIEVABLE .—The term ‘best available technology economically achievable’ means— ‘‘(i) best available technology economically achievable (within the meaning of section 301(b)(2)(A)); ‘‘(ii) best available technology (within the meaning of section 304(b)(2)(B)); and ‘‘(iii) best available technology, as determined in accordance with section 125.3(d)(3) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). ‘‘(G) BEST CONVENTIONAL POLLUTANT CONTROL  
TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘best conventional pollutant control technology’ means— ‘‘(i) best conventional pollutant control technology (within the meaning of section 301(b)(2)(E)); ‘‘(ii) best conventional pollutant control technology (within the meaning of section 304(b)(4)); and ‘‘(iii) best conventional pollutant control technology, as determined in accordance with section 125.3(d)(2) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). ‘‘(H) BEST MANAGEMENT PRACTICE .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘best management practice’ means a schedule of activities, prohibitions of practices, maintenance procedures, and other management practices to prevent or reduce the pollution of— ‘‘(I) the waters of the United States; or ‘‘(II) the waters of the contiguous zone. ‘‘(ii) INCLUSIONS .—The term ‘best management practice’ includes any treatment requirement, operating procedure, or practice to control— ‘‘(I) vessel runoff; ‘‘(II) spillage or leaks; ‘‘(III) sludge or waste disposal; or ‘‘(IV) drainage from raw material storage. ‘‘(I) BEST PRACTICABLE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY  
CURRENTLY AVAILABLE .—The term ‘best practicable control technology currently available’ means— ‘‘(i) best practicable control technology currently available (within the meaning of section 301(b)(1)(A)); ‘‘(ii) best practicable control technology currently available (within the meaning of section 304(b)(1)); and ‘‘(iii) best practicable control technology currently available, as determined in accordance with section 125.3(d)(1) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). ‘‘(J) CAPTAIN OF THE PORT ZONE .—The term ‘Captain of the Port Zone’ means a Captain of the Port Zone established by the Secretary pursuant to sections 92, 93, and 633 of title 14, United States Code. ‘‘(K) EMPTY BALLAST TANK .—The term ‘empty ballast tank’ means a tank that— ‘‘(i) has previously held ballast water that has been drained to the limit of the functional or operational capabilities of the tank (such as loss of suction); ‘‘(ii) is recorded as empty on a vessel log; and ‘‘(iii) contains unpumpable residual ballast water and sediment. ‘‘(L) GREAT LAKES COMMISSION .—The term ‘Great Lakes Commission’ means the Great Lakes Commission established by article IV A of the Great Lakes Compact to which Congress granted consent in the Act of July 24, 1968 (Public Law 90–419; 82 Stat. 414). ‘‘(M) GREAT LAKES STATE .—The term ‘Great Lakes State’ means any of the States of— ‘‘(i) Illinois; ‘‘(ii) Indiana; ‘‘(iii) Michigan; ‘‘(iv) Minnesota; ‘‘(v) New York; ‘‘(vi) Ohio; ‘‘(vii) Pennsylvania; and ‘‘(viii) Wisconsin. ‘‘(N) GREAT LAKES SYSTEM .—The term ‘Great Lakes System’ has the meaning given the term in section 118(a)(3). ‘‘(O) INTERNAL WATERS .—The term ‘internal waters’ has the meaning given the term in section 2.24 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regulation). ‘‘(P) MARINE POLLUTION CONTROL DEVICE .— The term ‘marine pollution control device’ means any equipment or management practice (or combination of equipment and a management practice), for installation or use onboard a vessel, that is— ‘‘(i) designed to receive, retain, treat, control, or discharge a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel; and ‘‘(ii) determined by the Administrator and the Secretary to be the most effective equipment or management practice (or combination of equipment and a management practice) to reduce the environmental impacts of the discharge, consistent with the factors for consideration described in paragraphs (4) and (5). ‘‘(Q) NONINDIGENOUS SPECIES .—The term ‘nonindigenous species’ means an organism of a species that enters an ecosystem beyond the historic range of the species. ‘‘(R) ORGANISM .—The term ‘organism’ includes— ‘‘(i) an animal, including fish and fish eggs and larvae; ‘‘(ii) a plant; ‘‘(iii) a pathogen; ‘‘(iv) a microbe; ‘‘(v) a virus; ‘‘(vi) a prokaryote (including any archean or bacterium); ‘‘(vii) a fungus; and ‘‘(viii) a protist. ‘‘(S) PACIFIC REGION .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘Pacific Region’ means any Federal or State water— ‘‘(I) adjacent to the State of Alaska, California, Hawaii, Oregon, or Washington; and ‘‘(II) extending from shore. ‘‘(ii) INCLUSION .—The term ‘Pacific Region’ includes the entire exclusive economic zone (as defined in section 1001 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701)) adjacent to each State described in clause (i)(I). ‘‘(T) PORT OR PLACE OF DESTINATION .—The term ‘port or place of destination’ means a port or place to which a vessel is bound to anchor or moor. ‘‘(U) RENDER NONVIABLE .—The term ‘render nonviable’, with respect to an organism in ballast water, means the action of a ballast water management system that renders the organism permanently incapable of reproduction following treatment. ‘‘(V) SALTWATER FLUSH .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘saltwater flush’ means— ‘‘(I)(aa) the addition of as much midocean water into each empty ballast tank of a vessel as is safe for the vessel and crew; and ‘‘(bb) the mixing of the flushwater with residual ballast water and sediment through the motion of the vessel; and ‘‘(II) the discharge of that mixed water, such that the resultant residual water remaining in the tank— ‘‘(aa) has the highest salinity possible; and ‘‘(bb) is at least 30 parts per thousand. ‘‘(ii) MULTIPLE SEQUENCES .—For purposes of clause (i), a saltwater flush may require more than 1 fillmixempty sequence, particularly if only small quantities of water can be safely taken onboard a vessel at 1 time. ‘‘(W) SECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. ‘‘(X) SMALL VESSEL GENERAL PERMIT .—The term ‘Small Vessel General Permit’ means the permit that is the subject of the notice of final permit issuance entitled ‘Final National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) Small Vessel General Permit for Discharges Incidental to the Normal Operation of Vessels Less Than 79 Feet’ (79 Fed. Reg. 53702 (September 10, 2014)). ‘‘(Y) SMALL VESSEL OR FISHING VESSEL .—The term ‘small vessel or fishing vessel’ means a vessel that is— ‘‘(i) less than 79 feet in length; or ‘‘(ii) a fishing vessel, fish processing vessel, or fish tender vessel (as those terms are defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code), regardless of the length of the vessel. ‘‘(Z) VESSEL GENERAL PERMIT .—The term ‘Vessel General Permit’ means the permit that is the subject of the notice of final permit issuance entitled ‘Final National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) General Permit for Discharges Incidental to the Normal Operation of a Vessel’ (78 Fed. Reg. 21938 (April 12, 2013)). ‘‘(2) APPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), this subsection applies to— ‘‘(i) any discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel; and ‘‘(ii) any discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel (such as most graywater) that is commingled with sewage, subject to the conditions that— ‘‘(I) nothing in this subsection prevents a State from regulating sewage discharges; and ‘‘(II) any such commingled discharge shall comply with all applicable requirements of— ‘‘(aa) this subsection; and ‘‘(bb) any law applicable to discharges of sewage. ‘‘(B) EXCLUSION .—This subsection does not apply to any discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel— 
‘‘(i) from— ‘‘(I) a vessel of the Armed Forces subject to subsection (n); ‘‘(II) a recreational vessel subject to subsection (o); ‘‘(III) a small vessel or fishing vessel, except that this subsection shall apply to any discharge of ballast water from a small vessel or fishing vessel; or ‘‘(IV) a floating craft that is permanently moored to a pier, including a ‘floating’ casino, hotel, restaurant, or bar; ‘‘(ii) of ballast water from a vessel— ‘‘(I) that continuously takes on and discharges ballast water in a flowthrough system, if the Administrator determines that system cannot materially contribute to the spread or introduction of an aquatic nuisance species into waters of the United States; ‘‘(II) in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that is scheduled for disposal, if the vessel does not have an operable ballast water management system; ‘‘(III) that discharges ballast water consisting solely of water taken onboard from a public or commercial source that, at the time the water is taken onboard, meets the applicable requirements or permit requirements of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.); ‘‘(IV) that carries all permanent ballast water in sealed tanks that are not subject to discharge; or ‘‘(V) that only discharges ballast water into a reception facility; or ‘‘(iii) that results from, or contains material derived from, an activity other than the normal operation of the vessel, such as material resulting from an industrial or manufacturing process onboard the vessel. ‘‘(3) CONTINUATION IN EFFECT OF EXISTING RE QUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) VESSEL GENERAL PERMIT .—Notwith standing the expiration date of the Vessel General Permit or any other provision of law, all provisions of the Vessel General Permit shall remain in force and effect, and shall not be modified, until the applicable date described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) NONINDIGENOUS AQUATIC NUISANCE PRE VENTION AND CONTROL ACT REGULATIONS .—Not withstanding section 903(a)(2)(A) of the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act of 2018, all regulations promulgated by the Secretary pursuant to section 1101 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4711) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this subsection), including the regulations contained in subparts C and D of part 151 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, and subpart 162.060 of part 162 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the day before that date of enactment), shall remain in force and effect until the applicable date described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(C) REPEAL ON EXISTENCE OF FINAL , EFFEC TIVE, AND ENFORCEABLE REQUIREMENTS .—Effec tive beginning on the date on which the requirements promulgated by the Secretary under subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of paragraph (5) with respect to every discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel that is subject to regulation under this subsection are final, effective, and enforceable, the requirements of the Vessel General Permit and the regulations described in subparagraph (B) shall have no force or effect. ‘‘(4) NATIONAL STANDARDS OF PERFORMANCE  
WATER QUALITY ORDERS .— ‘‘(A) ESTABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Administrator, in concurrence with the Secretary (subject to clause (ii)), and in consultation with interested Governors (subject to clause (iii)), shall promulgate Federal standards of performance for marine pollution control devices for each type of discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel that is subject to regulation under this subsection. ‘‘(ii) CONCURRENCE WITH SECRETARY .— ‘‘(I) REQUEST .—The Administrator shall submit to the Secretary a request for written concurrence with respect to a proposed standard of performance under clause (i). ‘‘(II) EFFECT OF FAILURE TO CONCUR .—A fail ure by the Secretary to concur with the Administrator under clause (i) by the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Administrator submits a request for concurrence under subclause (I) shall not prevent the Administrator from promulgating the relevant standard of performance in accordance with the deadline under clause (i), subject to the condition that the Administrator shall include in the administrative record of the promulgation— ‘‘(aa) documentation of the request submitted under subclause (I); and ‘‘(bb) the response of the Administrator to any written objections received from the Secretary relating to the proposed standard of performance during the 60day period beginning on the date of submission of the request. ‘‘(iii) CONSULTATION WITH GOVERNORS .— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—The Administrator, in promulgating a standard of performance under clause (i), shall develop the standard of performance— ‘‘(aa) in consultation with interested Governors; and ‘‘(bb) in accordance with the deadlines under that clause. ‘‘(II) PROCESS .—The Administrator shall develop a process for soliciting input from interested Governors, including information sharing relevant to such process, to allow interested Governors to inform the development of standards of performance under clause (i). ‘‘(III) OBJECTION BY GOVERNORS .— ‘‘(aa) SUBMISSION .—An interested Governor that objects to a proposed standard of performance under clause (i) may submit to the Administrator in writing a detailed objection to the proposed standard of performance, describing the scientific, technical, or operational factors that form the basis of the objection. ‘‘(bb) RESPONSE .—Before finalizing a standard of performance under clause (i) that is subject to an objection under item (aa) from 1 or more interested Governors, the Administrator shall provide a written response to each interested Governor that submitted an objection under that item that details the scientific, technical, or operational factors that form the basis for that standard of performance. ‘‘(cc) JUDICIAL REVIEW .—A response of the Administrator under item (bb) shall not be subject to judicial review. ‘‘(iv) PROCEDURE .—The Administrator shall promulgate the standards of performance under this subparagraph in accordance with— ‘‘(I) this paragraph; and ‘‘(II) section 553 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) STRINGENCY .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Subject to clause (iii), the standards of performance promulgated under this paragraph shall require— ‘‘(I) with respect to conventional pollutants, toxic pollutants, and nonconventional pollutants (including aquatic nuisance species), the application of the best practicable control technology currently available; ‘‘(II) with respect to conventional pollutants, the application of the best conventional pollutant control technology; and ‘‘(III) with respect to toxic pollutants and nonconventional pollutants (including aquatic nuisance species), the application of the best available technology economically achievable for categories and classes of vessels, which shall result in reasonable progress toward the national goal of eliminating discharges of all pollutants. ‘‘(ii) BEST MANAGEMENT PRACTICES .—The Ad ministrator shall require the use of best management practices to control or abate any discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel if— ‘‘(I) numeric standards of performance are infeasible under clause (i); or ‘‘(II) the best management practices are reasonably necessary— ‘‘(aa) to achieve the standards of performance; or ‘‘(bb) to carry out the purpose and intent of this subsection. ‘‘(iii) MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—Subject to subparagraph (D)(ii)(II), the combination of any equipment or best management practice comprising a marine pollution control device shall not be less stringent than the following provisions of the Vessel General Permit: ‘‘(I) All requirements contained in parts 2.1 and 2.2 (relating to effluent limits and related requirements), including with respect to waters subject to Federal protection, in whole or in part, for conservation purposes. ‘‘(II) All requirements contained in part 5 (relating to vessel classspecific requirements) that concern effluent limits and authorized discharges (within the meaning of that part), including with respect to waters subject to Federal protection, in whole or in part, for conservation purposes. ‘‘(C) CLASSES , TYPES , AND SIZES OF VESSELS .— The standards promulgated under this paragraph may distinguish— ‘‘(i) among classes, types, and sizes of vessels; and ‘‘(ii) between new vessels and existing vessels. ‘‘(D) REVIEW AND REVISION .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Not less frequently than once every 5 years, the Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary, shall— ‘‘(I) review the standards of performance in effect under this paragraph; and ‘‘(II) if appropriate, revise those standards of performance— ‘‘(aa) in accordance with subparagraphs (A) through (C); and ‘‘(bb) as necessary to establish requirements for any discharge that is subject to regulation under this subsection. ‘‘(ii) MAINTAINING PROTECTIVENESS .— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subclause (II), the Administrator shall not revise a standard of performance under this subsection to be less stringent than an applicable existing requirement. ‘‘(II) EXCEPTIONS .—The Administrator may revise a standard of performance to be less stringent than an applicable existing requirement— ‘‘(aa) if information becomes available that— ‘‘(AA) was not reasonably available when the Administrator promulgated the initial standard of performance or comparable requirement of the Vessel General Permit, as applicable (including the subsequent scarcity or unavailability of materials used to control the relevant discharge); and ‘‘(BB) would have justified the application of a lessstringent standard of performance at the time of promulgation; or ‘‘(bb) if the Administrator determines that a material technical mistake or misinterpretation of law occurred when promulgating the existing standard of performance or comparable requirement of the Vessel General Permit, as applicable. ‘‘(E) BEST MANAGEMENT PRACTICES FOR  
FURTHER PROTECTION OF WATER QUALITY .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this subsection, the Administrator, in concurrence with the Secretary (subject to clause (ii)), and in consultation with States, may require, by order, the use of an emergency best management practice for any region or category of vessels in any case in which the Administrator determines that such a best management practice— ‘‘(I) is necessary to reduce the reasonably foreseeable risk of introduction or establishment of an aquatic nuisance species; or 
‘‘(II) will mitigate the adverse effects of a discharge that contributes to a violation of a water quality requirement under section 303, other than a requirement based on the presence of an aquatic nuisance species. ‘‘(ii) CONCURRENCE WITH SECRETARY .— ‘‘(I) REQUEST .—The Administrator shall submit to the Secretary a request for written concurrence with respect to an order under clause (i). ‘‘(II) EFFECT OF FAILURE TO CONCUR .—A fail ure by the Secretary to concur with the Administrator under clause (i) by the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Administrator submits a request for concurrence under subclause (I) shall not prevent the Administrator from issuing the relevant order, subject to the condition that the Administrator shall include in the administrative record of the issuance— ‘‘(aa) documentation of the request submitted under subclause (I); and ‘‘(bb) the response of the Administrator to any written objections received from the Secretary relating to the proposed order during the 60day period beginning on the date of submission of the request. ‘‘(iii) DURATION .—An order issued by the Administrator under clause (i) shall expire not later than the date that is 4 years after the date of issuance. ‘‘(iv) EXTENSIONS .—The Administrator may reissue an order under clause (i) for such subsequent periods of not longer than 4 years as the Administrator determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(5) IMPLEMENTATION , COMPLIANCE , AND EN FORCEMENT REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) ESTABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—As soon as practicable, but not later than 2 years, after the date on which the Administrator promulgates any new or revised standard of performance under paragraph (4) with respect to a discharge, the Secretary, in consultation with States, shall promulgate the regulations required under this paragraph with respect to that discharge. ‘‘(ii) MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—Subject to subparagraph (C)(ii)(II), the regulations promulgated under this paragraph shall not be less stringent with respect to ensuring, monitoring, and enforcing compliance than— ‘‘(I) the requirements contained in part 3 of the Vessel General Permit (relating to corrective actions); ‘‘(II) the requirements contained in part 4 of the Vessel General Permit (relating to inspections, monitoring, reporting, and recordkeeping), including with respect to waters subject to Federal protection, in whole or in part, for conservation purposes; ‘‘(III) the requirements contained in part 5 of the Vessel General Permit (relating to vessel classspecific requirements) regarding monitoring, inspection, and educational and training requirements (within the meaning of that part), including with respect to waters subject to Federal protection, in whole or in part, for conservation purposes; and ‘‘(IV) any comparable, existing requirements promulgated under the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.) (including section 1101 of that Act (16 U.S.C. 4711) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this subsection)) applicable to that discharge. ‘‘(iii) COORDINATION WITH STATES .—The Sec retary, in coordination with the Governors of the States, shall develop, publish, and periodically update inspection, monitoring, data management, and enforcement procedures for the enforcement by States of Federal standards and requirements under this subsection. ‘‘(iv) EFFECTIVE DATE .—In determining the effective date of a regulation promulgated under this paragraph, the Secretary shall take into consideration the period of time necessary— ‘‘(I) to communicate to affected persons the applicability of the regulation; and ‘‘(II) for affected persons reasonably to comply with the regulation. ‘‘(v) PROCEDURE .—The Secretary shall promulgate the regulations under this subparagraph in accordance with— ‘‘(I) this paragraph; and ‘‘(II) section 553 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) IMPLEMENTATION REGULATIONS FOR MA RINE POLLUTION CONTROL DEVICES .—The Sec retary shall promulgate such regulations governing the design, construction, testing, approval, installation, and use of marine pollution control devices as are necessary to ensure compliance with the standards of performance promulgated under paragraph (4). ‘‘(C) COMPLIANCE ASSURANCE .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall promulgate requirements (including requirements for vessel owners and operators with respect to inspections, monitoring, reporting, sampling, and recordkeeping) to ensure, monitor, and enforce compliance with— ‘‘(I) the standards of performance promulgated by the Administrator under paragraph (4); and ‘‘(II) the implementation regulations promulgated by the Secretary under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(ii) MAINTAINING PROTECTIVENESS .— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subclause (II), the Secretary shall not revise a requirement under this subparagraph or subparagraph (B) to be less stringent with respect to ensuring, monitoring, or enforcing compliance than an applicable existing requirement. ‘‘(II) EXCEPTIONS .—The Secretary may revise a requirement under this subparagraph or subparagraph (B) to be less stringent than an applicable existing requirement— ‘‘(aa) in accordance with this subparagraph or subparagraph (B), as applicable; ‘‘(bb) if information becomes available that— ‘‘(AA) the Administrator determines was not reasonably available when the Administrator promulgated the existing requirement of the Vessel General Permit, or that the Secretary determines was not reasonably available when the Secretary promulgated the existing requirement under the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.) or the applicable existing requirement under this subparagraph, as applicable (including subsequent scarcity or unavailability of materials used to control the relevant discharge); and ‘‘(BB) would have justified the application of a lessstringent requirement at the time of promulgation; or ‘‘(cc) if the Administrator determines that a material technical mistake or misinterpretation of law occurred when promulgating an existing requirement of the Vessel General Permit, or if the Secretary determines that a material mistake or misinterpretation of law occurred when promulgating an existing requirement under the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.) or this subsection. ‘‘(D) DATA AVAILABILITY .—Beginning not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall provide to the Governor of a State, on request by the Governor, access to Automated Identification System arrival data for inbound vessels to specific ports or places of destination in the State. ‘‘(6) ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS REGARDING BAL LAST WATER .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—In addition to the other applicable requirements of this subsection, the requirements of this paragraph shall apply with respect to any discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel that is a discharge of ballast water. ‘‘(B) EMPTY BALLAST TANKS .— ‘‘(i) REQUIREMENTS .—Except as provided in clause (ii), the owner or operator of a vessel with empty ballast tanks bound for a port or place of destination subject to the jurisdiction of the United States shall, prior to arriving at that port or place of destination, conduct a ballast water exchange or saltwater flush— ‘‘(I) not less than 200 nautical miles from any shore for a voyage originating outside the United States or Canadian exclusive economic zone; or ‘‘(II) not less than 50 nautical miles from any shore for a voyage originating within the United States or Canadian exclusive economic zone. ‘‘(ii) EXCEPTIONS .—Clause (i) shall not apply— ‘‘(I) if the unpumpable residual waters and sediments of an empty ballast tank were subject to treatment, in compliance with applicable requirements, through a typeapproved ballast water management system approved by the Secretary; ‘‘(II) except as otherwise required under this subsection, if the unpumpable residual waters and sediments of an empty ballast tank were sourced within— ‘‘(aa) the same port or place of destination; or ‘‘(bb) contiguous portions of a single Captain of the Port Zone; ‘‘(III) if complying with an applicable requirement of clause (i)— ‘‘(aa) would compromise the safety of the vessel; or ‘‘(bb) is otherwise prohibited by any Federal, Canadian, or international law (including regulations) pertaining to vessel safety; ‘‘(IV) if design limitations of the vessel prevent a ballast water exchange or saltwater flush from being conducted in accordance with clause (i); or ‘‘(V) if the vessel is operating exclusively within the internal waters of the United States or Canada. ‘‘(C) PERIOD OF USE OF INSTALLED BALLAST  
WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), a vessel shall be deemed to be in compliance with a standard of performance for a marine pollution control device that is a ballast water management system if the ballast water management system— ‘‘(I) is maintained in proper working condition, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(II) is maintained and used in accordance with manufacturer specifications; ‘‘(III) continues to meet the ballast water discharge standard applicable to the vessel at the time of installation, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(IV) has in effect a valid typeapproval certificate issued by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) LIMITATION .—Clause (i) shall cease to apply with respect to any vessel on, as applicable— ‘‘(I) the expiration of the service life, as determined by the Secretary, of— ‘‘(aa) the ballast water management system; or ‘‘(bb) the vessel; ‘‘(II) the completion of a major conversion (as defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code) of the vessel; or ‘‘(III) a determination by the Secretary that there are other typeapproved systems for the vessel or category of vessels, with respect to the use of which the environmental, health, and economic benefits would exceed the costs. ‘‘(D) REVIEW OF BALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT  
SYSTEM TYPE APPROVAL TESTING METHODS .— ‘‘(i) DEFINITION OF LIVE ; LIVING .—Notwith standing any other provision of law (including regulations), for purposes of section 151.1511 of title 33, and part 162 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), the terms ‘live’ and ‘living’ shall not— ‘‘(I) include an organism that has been rendered nonviable; or ‘‘(II) preclude the consideration of any method of measuring the concentration of organisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduction. ‘‘(ii) DRAFT POLICY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator, shall publish a draft policy letter, based 
on the best available science, describing type approval testing methods and protocols for ballast water management systems, if any, that— ‘‘(I) render nonviable organisms in ballast water; and ‘‘(II) may be used in addition to the methods established under subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations)— ‘‘(aa) to measure the concentration of organisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduction; ‘‘(bb) to certify the performance of each ballast water management system under this subsection; and ‘‘(cc) to certify laboratories to evaluate applicable treatment technologies. ‘‘(iii) PUBLIC COMMENT .—The Secretary shall provide a period of not more than 60 days for public comment regarding the draft policy letter published under clause (ii). ‘‘(iv) FINAL POLICY .— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator, shall publish a final policy letter describing typeapproval testing methods, if any, for ballast water management systems that render nonviable organisms in ballast water. ‘‘(II) METHOD OF EVALUATION .—The ballast water management systems under subclause (I) shall be evaluated by measuring the concentration of organisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduction based on the best available science that may be used in addition to the methods established under subpart 162.060 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). ‘‘(III) REVISIONS .—The Secretary shall revise the final policy letter under subclause (I) in any case in which the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator, determines that additional testing methods are capable of measuring the concentration of organisms in ballast water that have not been rendered nonviable. ‘‘(v) FACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In devel oping a policy letter under this subparagraph, the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator— ‘‘(I) shall take into consideration a testing method that uses organism growout and most probable number statistical analysis to determine the concentration of organisms in ballast water that are capable of reproduction; and ‘‘(II) shall not take into consideration a testing method that relies on a staining method that measures the concentration of— ‘‘(aa) organisms greater than or equal to 10 micrometers; and ‘‘(bb) organisms less than or equal to 50 micrometers. ‘‘(E) INTERGOVERNMENTAL RESPONSE FRAME WORK .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator and acting in coordination with, or through, the Aquatic Nuisance Species Task Force established by section 1201(a) of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4721(a)), shall establish a framework for Federal and intergovernmental response to aquatic nuisance species risks from discharges from vessels subject to ballast water and incidental discharge compliance requirements under this subsection, including the introduction, spread, and establishment of aquatic nuisance species populations. ‘‘(ii) BALLAST DISCHARGE RISK RESPONSE .—The Administrator, in coordination with the Secretary and taking into consideration information from the National Ballast Information Clearinghouse developed under section 1102(f) of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4712(f)), shall establish a risk assessment and response framework using ballast water discharge data and aquatic nuisance species monitoring data for the purposes of— ‘‘(I) identifying and tracking populations of aquatic invasive species; ‘‘(II) evaluating the risk of any aquatic nuisance species population tracked under subclause (I) establishing and spreading in waters of the United States or waters of the contiguous zone; and ‘‘(III) establishing emergency best management practices that may be deployed rapidly, in a local or regional manner, to respond to emerging aquatic nuisance species threats. ‘‘(7) PETITIONS BY GOVERNORS FOR REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Governor of a State (or a designee) may submit to the Administrator or the Secretary a petition— ‘‘(i) to issue an order under paragraph (4)(E); or ‘‘(ii) to review any standard of performance, regulation, or policy promulgated under paragraph (4), (5), or (6), respectively, if there exists new information that could reasonably result in a change to— ‘‘(I) the standard of performance, regulation, or policy; or ‘‘(II) a determination on which the standard of performance, regulation, or policy was based. ‘‘(B) INCLUSION .—A petition under subparagraph (A) shall include a description of any applicable scientific or technical information that forms the basis of the petition. ‘‘(C) DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(i) TIMING .—The Administrator or the Secretary, as applicable, shall grant or deny— ‘‘(I) a petition under subparagraph (A)(i) by not later than the date that is 180 days after the date on which the petition is submitted; and ‘‘(II) a petition under subparagraph (A)(ii) by not later than the date that is 1 year after the date on which the petition is submitted. ‘‘(ii) EFFECT OF GRANT .—If the Administrator or the Secretary determines under clause (i) to grant a petition— ‘‘(I) in the case of a petition under subparagraph (A)(i), the Administrator shall immediately issue the relevant order under paragraph (4)(E); or ‘‘(II) in the case of a petition under subparagraph (A)(ii), the Administrator or Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register, by not later than 30 days after the date of that determination, a notice of proposed rulemaking to revise the relevant standard, requirement, regulation, or policy under paragraph (4), (5), or (6), as applicable. ‘‘(iii) NOTICE OF DENIAL .—If the Administrator or the Secretary determines under clause (i) to deny a petition, the Administrator or Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register, by not later than 30 days after the date of that determination, a detailed explanation of the scientific, technical, or operational factors that form the basis of the determination. ‘‘(iv) REVIEW .—A determination by the Administrator or the Secretary under clause (i) to deny a petition shall be— ‘‘(I) considered to be a final agency action; and ‘‘(II) subject to judicial review in accordance with section 509, subject to clause (v). ‘‘(v) EXCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(I) VENUE.—Notwithstanding section 509(b), a petition for review of a determination by the Administrator or the Secretary under clause (i) to deny a petition submitted by the Governor of a State under subparagraph (A) may be filed in any United States district court of competent jurisdiction. ‘‘(II) DEADLINE FOR FILING .—Notwithstanding section 509(b), a petition for review of a determination by the Administrator or the Secretary under clause (i) shall be filed by not later than 180 days after the date on which the justification for the determination is published in the Federal Register under clause (iii). ‘‘(8) PROHIBITION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—It shall be unlawful for any person to violate— ‘‘(i) a provision of the Vessel General Permit in force and effect under paragraph (3)(A); ‘‘(ii) a regulation promulgated pursuant to section 1101 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4711) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this subsection) in force and effect under paragraph (3)(B); or ‘‘(iii) an applicable requirement or regulation under this subsection. ‘‘(B) COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATIONS .—Effec tive beginning on the effective date of a regulation promulgated under paragraph (4), (5), (6), or (10), as applicable, it shall be unlawful for the owner or operator of a vessel subject to the regulation— ‘‘(i) to discharge any discharge incidental to the normal operation of the vessel into waters of the United States or waters of the contiguous zone, except in compliance with the regulation; or ‘‘(ii) to operate in waters of the United States or waters of the contiguous zone, if the vessel is not equipped with a required marine pollution control device that complies with the requirements established under this subsection, unless— ‘‘(I) the owner or operator of the vessel denotes in an entry in the official logbook of the vessel that the equipment was not operational; and ‘‘(II) either— ‘‘(aa) the applicable discharge was avoided; or ‘‘(bb) an alternate compliance option approved by the Secretary as meeting the applicable standard was employed. ‘‘(C) AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE .—No person shall be found to be in violation of this paragraph if— ‘‘(i) the violation was in the interest of ensuring the safety of life at sea, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) the applicable emergency circumstance was not the result of negligence or malfeasance on the part of— ‘‘(I) the owner or operator of the vessel; ‘‘(II) the master of the vessel; or ‘‘(III) the person in charge of the vessel. ‘‘(D) TREATMENT .—Each day of continuing violation of an applicable requirement of this subsection shall constitute a separate offense. ‘‘(E) IN REM LIABILITY .—A vessel operated in violation of this subsection is liable in rem for any civil penalty assessed for the violation. ‘‘(F) REVOCATION OF CLEARANCE .—The Sec retary shall withhold or revoke the clearance of a vessel required under section 60105 of title 46, United States Code, if the owner or operator of the vessel is in violation of this subsection. ‘‘(9) EFFECT ON OTHER LAWS .— ‘‘(A) STATE AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in clauses (ii) through (v) and paragraph (10), effective beginning on the date on which the requirements promulgated by the Secretary under subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of paragraph (5) with respect to every discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel that is subject to regulation under this subsection are final, effective, and enforceable, no State, political subdivision of a State, or interstate agency may adopt or enforce any law, regulation, or other requirement of the State, political subdivision, or interstate agency with respect to any such discharge. ‘‘(ii) IDENTICAL OR LESSER STATE LAWS .— Clause (i) shall not apply to any law, regulation, or other requirement of a State, political subdivision of a State, or interstate agency in effect on or after the date of enactment of this subsection— ‘‘(I) that is identical to a Federal requirement under this subsection applicable to the relevant discharge; or ‘‘(II) compliance with which would be achieved concurrently in achieving compliance with a Federal requirement under this subsection applicable to the relevant discharge. ‘‘(iii) STATE ENFORCEMENT OF FEDERAL RE QUIREMENTS .—A State may enforce any standard of performance or other Federal requirement 
of this subsection in accordance with subsection (k) or other applicable Federal authority. ‘‘(iv) EXCEPTION FOR CERTAIN FEES .— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subclauses (II) and (III), a State that assesses any fee pursuant to any State or Federal law relating to the regulation of a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel before the date of enactment of this subsection may assess or retain a fee to cover the costs of administration, inspection, monitoring, and enforcement activities by the State to achieve compliance with the applicable requirements of this subsection. ‘‘(II) MAXIMUM AMOUNT .— ‘‘(aa) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in item (bb), a State may assess a fee for activities under this clause equal to not more than $1,000 against the owner or operator of a vessel that— ‘‘(AA) has operated outside of that State; and ‘‘(BB) arrives at a port or place of destination in the State (excluding movement entirely within a single port or place of destination). ‘‘(bb) VESSELS ENGAGED IN COASTWISE  
TRADE .—A State may assess against the owner or operator of a vessel registered in accordance with applicable Federal law and lawfully engaged in the coastwise trade not more than $5,000 in fees under this clause per vessel during a calendar year. ‘‘(III) ADJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .— ‘‘(aa) IN GENERAL .—A State may adjust the amount of a fee authorized under this clause not more frequently than once every 5 years to reflect the percentage by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Department of Labor for the month of October immediately preceding the date of adjustment exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Department of Labor for the month of October that immediately precedes the date that is 5 years before the date of adjustment. ‘‘(bb) EFFECT OF SUBCLAUSE .—Nothing in this subclause prevents a State from adjusting a fee in effect before the date of enactment of this subsection to the applicable maximum amount under subclause (II). ‘‘(cc) APPLICABILITY .—This subclause applies only to increases in fees to amounts greater than the applicable maximum amount under subclause (II). ‘‘(v) ALASKA GRAYWATER .—Clause (i) shall not apply with respect to any discharge of graywater (as defined in section 1414 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2001 (Public Law 106–554; 114 Stat. 2763A–323)) from a passenger vessel (as defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code) in the State of Alaska (including all waters in the Alexander Archipelago) carrying 50 or more passengers. ‘‘(vi) PRESERVATION OF AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this subsection preempts any State law, public initiative, referendum, regulation, requirement, or other State action, except as expressly provided in this subsection. ‘‘(B) ESTABLISHED REGIMES .—Except as expressly provided in this subsection, nothing in this subsection affects the applicability to a vessel of any other provision of Federal law, including— ‘‘(i) this section; ‘‘(ii) section 311; ‘‘(iii) the Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships (33 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.); and ‘‘(iv) title X of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010 (33 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.). ‘‘(C) PERMITTING .—Effective beginning on the date of enactment of this subsection— ‘‘(i) the Small Vessel General Permit is repealed; and ‘‘(ii) the Administrator, or a State in the case of a permit program approved under section 402, shall not require, or in any way modify, a permit under that section for— ‘‘(I) any discharge that is subject to regulation under this subsection; ‘‘(II) any discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel from a small vessel or fishing vessel, regardless of whether that discharge is subject to regulation under this subsection; or ‘‘(III) any discharge described in paragraph (2)(B)(ii). ‘‘(D) NO EFFECT ON CIVIL OR CRIMINAL AC TIONS .—Nothing in this subsection, or any standard, regulation, or requirement established under this subsection, modifies or otherwise affects, preempts, or displaces— ‘‘(i) any cause of action; or ‘‘(ii) any provision of Federal or State law establishing a remedy for civil relief or criminal penalty. ‘‘(E) NO EFFECT ON CERTAIN SECRETARIAL AU THORITY .—Nothing in this subsection affects the authority of the Secretary of Commerce or the Secretary of the Interior to administer any land or waters under the administrative control of the Secretary of Commerce or the Secretary of the Interior, respectively. ‘‘(F) NO LIMITATION ON STATE INSPECTION AU THORITY .—Nothing in this subsection limits the authority of a State to inspect a vessel pursuant to paragraph (5)(A)(iii) in order to monitor compliance with an applicable requirement of this section. ‘‘(10) ADDITIONAL REGIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) MINIMUM GREAT LAKES SYSTEM REQUIRE MENTS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), the owner or operator of a vessel entering the St. Lawrence Seaway through the mouth of the St. Lawrence River shall conduct a complete ballast water exchange or saltwater flush— ‘‘(I) not less than 200 nautical miles from any shore for a voyage originating outside the United States or Canadian exclusive economic zone; or ‘‘(II) not less than 50 nautical miles from any shore for a voyage originating within the United States or Canadian exclusive economic zone. ‘‘(ii) EXCEPTIONS .—Clause (i) shall not apply to a vessel if— ‘‘(I) complying with an applicable requirement of clause (i)— ‘‘(aa) would compromise the safety of the vessel; or ‘‘(bb) is otherwise prohibited by any Federal, Canadian, or international law (including regulations) pertaining to vessel safety; ‘‘(II) design limitations of the vessel prevent a ballast water exchange from being conducted in accordance with an applicable requirement of clause (i); ‘‘(III) the vessel— ‘‘(aa) is certified by the Secretary as having no residual ballast water or sediments onboard; or ‘‘(bb) retains all ballast water while in waters subject to the requirement; or ‘‘(IV) empty ballast tanks on the vessel are sealed and certified by the Secretary in a manner that ensures that— ‘‘(aa) no discharge or uptake occurs; and ‘‘(bb) any subsequent discharge of ballast water is subject to the requirement. ‘‘(B) ENHANCED GREAT LAKES SYSTEM RE QUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(i) PETITIONS BY GOVERNORS FOR PROPOSED  
ENHANCED STANDARDS AND REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—The Governor of a Great Lakes State (or a State employee designee) may submit a petition in accordance with subclause (II) to propose that other Governors of Great Lakes States endorse an enhanced standard of performance or other requirement with respect to any discharge that— ‘‘(aa) is subject to regulation under this subsection; and ‘‘(bb) occurs within the Great Lakes System. ‘‘(II) SUBMISSION .—A Governor shall submit a petition under subclause (I), in writing, to— ‘‘(aa) the Executive Director of the Great Lakes Commission, in such manner as may be prescribed by the Great Lakes Commission; ‘‘(bb) the Governor of each other Great Lakes State; and ‘‘(cc) the Director of the Great Lakes National Program Office established by section 118(b). ‘‘(III) PRELIMINARY ASSESSMENT BY GREAT  
LAKES COMMISSION .— ‘‘(aa) IN GENERAL .—After the date of receipt of a petition under subclause (II)(aa), the Great Lakes Commission (acting through the Great Lakes Panel on Aquatic Nuisance Species, to the maximum extent practicable) may develop a preliminary assessment regarding each enhanced standard of performance or other requirement described in the petition. ‘‘(bb) PROVISIONS .—The preliminary assessment developed by the Great Lakes Commission under item (aa)— ‘‘(AA) may be developed in consultation with relevant experts and stakeholders; ‘‘(BB) may be narrative in nature; ‘‘(CC) may include the preliminary views, if any, of the Great Lakes Commission on the propriety of the proposed enhanced standard of performance or other requirement; ‘‘(DD) shall be submitted, in writing, to the Governor of each Great Lakes State and the Director of the Great Lakes National Program Office and published on the internet website of the Great Lakes National Program Office; and ‘‘(EE) except as provided in clause (iii), shall not be taken into consideration, or provide a basis for review, by the Administrator or the Secretary for purposes of that clause. ‘‘(ii) PROPOSED ENHANCED STANDARDS AND RE QUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(I) PUBLICATION IN FEDERAL REGISTER .— ‘‘(aa) REQUEST BY GOVERNOR .—Not earlier than the date that is 90 days after the date on which the Executive Director of the Great Lakes Commission receives from a Governor of a Great Lakes State a petition under clause (i)(II)(aa), the Governor may request the Director of the Great Lakes National Program Office to publish, for a period requested by the Governor of not less than 30 days, and the Director shall so publish, in the Federal Register for public comment— ‘‘(AA) a copy of the petition; and ‘‘(BB) if applicable as of the date of publication, any preliminary assessment of the Great Lakes Commission developed under clause (i)(III) relating to the petition. ‘‘(bb) REVIEW OF PUBLIC COMMENTS .—On re ceipt of a written request of a Governor of a Great Lakes State, the Director of the Great Lakes National Program Office shall make available all public comments received in response to the notice under item (aa). ‘‘(cc) NO RESPONSE REQUIRED .—Notwith standing any other provision of law, a Governor of a Great Lakes State or the Director of the Great Lakes National Program Office shall not be required to provide a response to any comment received in response to the publication of a petition or preliminary assessment under item (aa). ‘‘(dd) PURPOSE .—Any public comments received in response to the publication of a petition or preliminary assessment under item (aa) shall be used solely for the purpose of providing information and feedback to the Governor of each Great Lakes State regarding the decision to endorse the proposed standard or requirement. ‘‘(ee) EFFECT OF PETITION .—A proposed standard or requirement developed under subclause (II) may differ from the proposed standard or requirement described in a petition published under item (aa). ‘‘(II) COORDINATION TO DEVELOP PROPOSED  
STANDARD OR REQUIREMENT .—After the expiration of the public comment period for the petition under subclause (I), any interested Governor of a Great Lakes State may work in coordination with the Great Lakes Commission to develop a proposed standard of performance or other requirement applicable to a discharge referred to in the petition. ‘‘(III) REQUIREMENTS .—A proposed standard of performance or other requirement under subclause (II)— 
‘‘(aa) shall be developed— ‘‘(AA) in consultation with representatives from the Federal and provincial governments of Canada; ‘‘(BB) after notice and opportunity for public comment on the petition published under subclause (I); and ‘‘(CC) taking into consideration the preliminary assessment, if any, of the Great Lakes Commission under clause (i)(III); ‘‘(bb) shall be specifically endorsed in writing by— ‘‘(AA) the Governor of each Great Lakes State, if the proposed standard or requirement would impose any additional equipment requirement on a vessel; or ‘‘(BB) not fewer than 5 Governors of Great Lakes States, if the proposed standard or requirement would not impose any additional equipment requirement on a vessel; and ‘‘(cc) in the case of a proposed requirement to prohibit 1 or more types of discharge regulated under this subsection, whether treated or not treated, into waters within the Great Lakes System, shall not apply outside the waters of the Great Lakes States of the Governors endorsing the proposed requirement under item (bb). ‘‘(iii) PROMULGATION BY ADMINISTRATOR AND  
SECRETARY .— ‘‘(I) SUBMISSION .— ‘‘(aa) IN GENERAL .—The Governors endorsing a proposed standard or requirement under clause (ii)(III)(bb) may jointly submit to the Administrator and the Secretary for approval each proposed standard of performance or other requirement developed and endorsed pursuant to clause (ii). ‘‘(bb) INCLUSION .—Each submission under item (aa) shall include an explanation regarding why the applicable standard of performance or other requirement is— ‘‘(AA) at least as stringent as a comparable standard of performance or other requirement under this subsection; ‘‘(BB) in accordance with maritime safety; and ‘‘(CC) in accordance with applicable maritime and navigation laws and regulations. ‘‘(cc) WITHDRAWAL .— ‘‘(AA) IN GENERAL .—The Governor of any Great Lakes State that endorses a proposed standard or requirement under clause (ii)(III)(bb) may withdraw the endorsement by not later than the date that is 90 days after the date on which the Administrator and the Secretary receive the proposed standard or requirement. ‘‘(BB) EFFECT ON FEDERAL REVIEW .—If, after the withdrawal of an endorsement under subitem (AA), the proposed standard or requirement does not have the applicable number of endorsements under clause (ii)(III)(bb), the Administrator and the Secretary shall terminate the review under this clause. ‘‘(dd) DISSENTING OPINIONS .—The Governor of a Great Lakes State that does not endorse a proposed standard or requirement under clause (ii)(III)(bb) may submit to the Administrator and the Secretary any dissenting opinions of the Governor. ‘‘(II) JOINT NOTICE .—On receipt of a proposed standard of performance or other requirement under subclause (I), the Administrator and the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register a joint notice that, at minimum— ‘‘(aa) states that the proposed standard or requirement is publicly available; and ‘‘(bb) provides an opportunity for public comment regarding the proposed standard or requirement during the 90day period beginning on the date of receipt by the Administrator and the Secretary of the proposed standard or requirement. ‘‘(III) REVIEW .— ‘‘(aa) IN GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of publication of a joint notice under subclause (II)— ‘‘(AA) the Administrator shall commence a review of each proposed standard of performance or other requirement covered by the notice to determine whether that standard or requirement is at least as stringent as comparable standards and requirements under this subsection; and ‘‘(BB) the Secretary shall commence a review of each proposed standard of performance or other requirement covered by the notice to determine whether that standard or requirement is in accordance with maritime safety and applicable maritime and navigation laws and regulations. ‘‘(bb) CONSULTATION .—In carrying out item (aa), the Administrator and the Secretary— ‘‘(AA) shall consult with the Governor of each Great Lakes State and representatives from the Federal and provincial governments of Canada; ‘‘(BB) shall take into consideration any relevant data or public comments received under subclause (II)(bb); and ‘‘(CC) shall not take into consideration any preliminary assessment by the Great Lakes Commission under clause (i)(III), or any dissenting opinion under subclause (I)(dd), except to the extent that such an assessment or opinion is relevant to the criteria for the applicable determination under item (aa). ‘‘(IV) APPROVAL OR DISAPPROVAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of receipt of each proposed standard of performance or other requirement under subclause (I), the Administrator and the Secretary shall— ‘‘(aa) determine, as applicable, whether each proposed standard or other requirement satisfies the criteria under subclause (III)(aa); ‘‘(bb) approve each proposed standard or other requirement, unless the Administrator or the Secretary, as applicable, determines under item (aa) that the proposed standard or other requirement does not satisfy the criteria under subclause (III)(aa); and ‘‘(cc) submit to the Governor of each Great Lakes State, and publish in the Federal Register, a notice of the determination under item (aa). ‘‘(V) ACTION ON DISAPPROVAL .— ‘‘(aa) RATIONALE AND RECOMMENDATIONS .—If the Administrator and the Secretary disapprove a proposed standard of performance or other requirement under subclause (IV)(bb), the notices under subclause (IV)(cc) shall include— ‘‘(AA) a description of the reasons why the standard or requirement is, as applicable, less stringent than a comparable standard or requirement under this subsection, inconsistent with maritime safety, or inconsistent with applicable maritime and navigation laws and regulations; and ‘‘(BB) any recommendations regarding changes the Governors of the Great Lakes States could make to conform the disapproved portion of the standard or requirement to the requirements of this subparagraph. ‘‘(bb) REVIEW .—Disapproval of a proposed standard or requirement by the Administrator and the Secretary under this subparagraph shall be considered to be a final agency action subject to judicial review under section 509. ‘‘(VI) ACTION ON APPROVAL .—On approval by the Administrator and the Secretary of a proposed standard of performance or other requirement under subclause (IV)(bb)— ‘‘(aa) the Administrator shall establish, by regulation, the proposed standard or requirement within the Great Lakes System in lieu of any comparable standard or other requirement promulgated under paragraph (4); and ‘‘(bb) the Secretary shall establish, by regulation, any requirements necessary to implement, ensure compliance with, and enforce the standard or requirement under item (aa), or to apply the proposed requirement, within the Great Lakes System in lieu of any comparable requirement promulgated under paragraph (5). ‘‘(VII) NO JUDICIAL REVIEW FOR CERTAIN AC TIONS .—An action or inaction of a Governor of a Great Lakes State or the Great Lakes Commission under this subparagraph shall not be subject to judicial review. ‘‘(VIII) GREAT LAKES COMPACT .—Nothing in this subsection limits, alters, or amends the Great Lakes Compact to which Congress granted consent in the Act of July 24, 1968 (Public Law 90–419; 82 Stat. 414). ‘‘(IX) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Great Lakes Commission $5,000,000, to be available until expended. ‘‘(C) MINIMUM PACIFIC REGION REQUIRE MENTS .— ‘‘(i) DEFINITION OF COMMERCIAL VESSEL .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘commercial vessel’ means a vessel operating between— ‘‘(I) 2 ports or places of destination within the Pacific Region; or ‘‘(II) a port or place of destination within the Pacific Region and a port or place of destination on the Pacific Coast of Canada or Mexico north of parallel 20 degrees north latitude, inclusive of the Gulf of California. ‘‘(ii) BALLAST WATER EXCHANGE .— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subclause (II) and clause (iv), the owner or operator of a commercial vessel shall conduct a complete ballast water exchange in waters more than 50 nautical miles from shore. ‘‘(II) EXEMPTIONS .—Subclause (I) shall not apply to a commercial vessel— ‘‘(aa) using, in compliance with applicable requirements, a typeapproved ballast water management system approved by the Secretary; or ‘‘(bb) voyaging— ‘‘(AA) between or to a port or place of destination in the State of Washington, if the ballast water to be discharged from the commercial vessel originated solely from waters located between the parallel 46 degrees north latitude, including the internal waters of the Columbia River, and the internal waters of Canada south of parallel 50 degrees north latitude, including the waters of the Strait of Georgia and the Strait of Juan de Fuca; ‘‘(BB) between ports or places of destination in the State of Oregon, if the ballast water to be discharged from the commercial vessel originated solely from waters located between the parallel 40 degrees north latitude and the parallel 50 degrees north latitude; ‘‘(CC) between ports or places of destination in the State of California within the San Francisco Bay area east of the Golden Gate Bridge, including the Port of Stockton and the Port of Sacramento, if the ballast water to be discharged from the commercial vessel originated solely from ports or places within that area; ‘‘(DD) between the Port of Los Angeles, the Port of Long Beach, and the El Segundo offshore marine oil terminal, if the ballast water to be discharged from the commercial vessel originated solely from the Port of Los Angeles, the Port of Long Beach, or the El Segundo offshore marine oil terminal; ‘‘(EE) between a port or place of destination in the State of Alaska within a single Captain of the Port Zone; ‘‘(FF) between ports or places of destination in different counties of the State of Hawaii, if the vessel may conduct a complete ballast water exchange in waters that are more than 10 nautical miles from shore and at least 200 meters deep; or ‘‘(GG) between ports or places of destination within the same county of the State of Hawaii, if the vessel does not transit outside State marine waters during the voyage. ‘‘(iii) LOWSALINITY BALLAST WATER .— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subclause (II) and clause (iv), the owner or operator of a commercial vessel that transports ballast water sourced from waters with a measured salinity of less than 18 parts per thousand and voyages to a Pacific Region port or place of destination with a measured salinity of less than 18 parts per thousand shall conduct a complete ballast water exchange— ‘‘(aa) not less than 50 nautical miles from shore, if the ballast water was sourced from a Pacific Region port or place of destination; or ‘‘(bb) more than 200 nautical miles from shore, if the ballast water was not sourced from a Pacific Region port or place of destination. 
‘‘(II) E XCEPTION .—Subclause (I) shall not apply to a commercial vessel voyaging to a port or place of destination in the Pacific Region that is using, in compliance with applicable requirements, a typeapproved ballast water management system approved by the Secretary to achieve standards of performance of— ‘‘(aa) less than 1 organism per 10 cubic meters, if that organism— ‘‘(AA) is living, or has not been rendered nonviable; and ‘‘(BB) is 50 or more micrometers in minimum dimension; ‘‘(bb) less than 1 organism per 10 milliliters, if that organism— ‘‘(AA) is living, or has not been rendered nonviable; and ‘‘(BB) is more than 10, but less than 50, micrometers in minimum dimension; ‘‘(cc) concentrations of indicator microbes that are less than— ‘‘(AA) 1 colonyforming unit of toxicogenic Vibrio cholera (serotypes O1 and O139) per 100 milliliters or less than 1 colonyforming unit of that microbe per gram of wet weight of zoological samples; ‘‘(BB) 126 colonyforming units of escherichia coli per 100 milliliters; and ‘‘(CC) 33 colonyforming units of intestinal enterococci per 100 milliliters; and ‘‘(dd) concentrations of such additional indicator microbes and viruses as may be specified in the standards of performance established by the Administrator under paragraph (4). ‘‘(iv) GENERAL EXCEPTIONS .—The requirements of clauses (ii) and (iii) shall not apply to a commercial vessel if— ‘‘(I) complying with the requirement would compromise the safety of the commercial vessel; ‘‘(II) design limitations of the commercial vessel prevent a ballast water exchange from being conducted in accordance with clause (ii) or (iii), as applicable; ‘‘(III) the commercial vessel— ‘‘(aa) is certified by the Secretary as having no residual ballast water or sediments onboard; or ‘‘(bb) retains all ballast water while in waters subject to those requirements; or ‘‘(IV) empty ballast tanks on the commercial vessel are sealed and certified by the Secretary in a manner that ensures that— ‘‘(aa) no discharge or uptake occurs; and ‘‘(bb) any subsequent discharge of ballast water is subject to those requirements. ‘‘(D) ESTABLISHMENT OF STATE NO DISCHARGE  
ZONES .— ‘‘(i) STATE PROHIBITION .—Subject to clause (ii), after the effective date of regulations promulgated by the Secretary under paragraph (5), if any State determines that the protection and enhancement of the quality of some or all of the waters within the State require greater environmental protection, the State may prohibit 1 or more types of discharge regulated under this subsection, whether treated or not treated, into such waters. ‘‘(ii) APPLICABILITY .—A prohibition by a State under clause (i) shall not apply until the date on which the Administrator makes the applicable determinations described in clause (iii). ‘‘(iii) PROHIBITION BY ADMINISTRATOR .— ‘‘(I) DETERMINATION .—On application of a State, the Administrator, in concurrence with the Secretary (subject to subclause (II)), shall, by regulation, prohibit the discharge from a vessel of 1 or more discharges subject to regulation under this subsection, whether treated or not treated, into the waters covered by the application if the Administrator determines that— ‘‘(aa) prohibition of the discharge would protect and enhance the quality of the specified waters within the State; ‘‘(bb) adequate facilities for the safe and sanitary removal and treatment of the discharge are reasonably available for the water and all vessels to which the prohibition would apply; ‘‘(cc) the discharge can be safely collected and stored until a vessel reaches a discharge facility or other location; and ‘‘(dd) in the case of an application for the prohibition of discharges of ballast water in a port (or in any other location where cargo, passengers, or fuel are loaded and unloaded)— ‘‘(AA) the adequate facilities described in item (bb) are reasonably available for commercial vessels, after considering, at a minimum, water depth, dock size, pumpout facility capacity and flow rate, availability of yearround operations, proximity to navigation routes, and the ratio of pumpout facilities to the population and discharge capacity of commercial vessels operating in those waters; and ‘‘(BB) the prohibition will not unreasonably interfere with the safe loading and unloading of cargo, passengers, or fuel. ‘‘(II) CONCURRENCE WITH SECRETARY .— ‘‘(aa) REQUEST .—The Administrator shall submit to the Secretary a request for written concurrence with respect to a prohibition under subclause (I). ‘‘(bb) EFFECT OF FAILURE TO CONCUR .—A fail ure by the Secretary to concur with the Administrator under subclause (I) by the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Administrator submits a request for concurrence under item (aa) shall not prevent the Administrator from prohibiting the relevant discharge in accordance with subclause (III), subject to the condition that the Administrator shall include in the administrative record of the promulgation— ‘‘(AA) documentation of the request submitted under item (aa); and ‘‘(BB) the response of the Administrator to any written objections received from the Secretary relating to the proposed standard of performance during the 60day period beginning on the date of submission of the request. ‘‘(III) TIMING .—The Administrator shall approve or disapprove an application submitted under subclause (I) by not later than 90 days after the date on which the application is submitted to the Administrator. ‘‘(E) MAINTENANCE IN EFFECT OF MORE STRIN GENT STANDARDS .—In any case in which a requirement established under this paragraph is more stringent or environmentally protective than a comparable requirement established under paragraph (4), (5), or (6), the morestringent or moreprotective requirement shall control.’’. (2) REPEALS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Effective beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the following provisions of law are repealed: (i) Section 1101 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4711). (ii) Public Law 110–299 (33 U.S.C. 1342 note). (B) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1102 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4712) is amended— (i) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting ‘‘(as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act of 2018)’’ after ‘‘section 1101(b)’’; and (ii) in subsection (f)(1)(B), by inserting ‘‘(as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act of 2018)’’ after ‘‘section 1101(c)’’. (b) REGULATIONS FOR USE OF MARINE POLLU TION CONTROL DEVICES .—Section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322) is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘For the purpose of’’ in subsection (a) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 312. MARINE SANITATION DEVICES; DISCHARGES INCIDENTAL TO THE NORMAL OPERATION OF VESSELS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘devices or of vessels’’ and inserting ‘‘devices, marine pollution control device equipment, or vessels’’; and (B) in paragraph (13), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, except as provided in subsection (p),’’ after ‘‘means’’; (3) in subsection (g)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or marine pollution control device equipment’’ after ‘‘marine sanitation device’’ each place it appears; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or equipment’’ after ‘‘such device’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or equipment’’ after ‘‘test device’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or equipment’’ after ‘‘the device’’ each place it appears; and (ii) in the fourth sentence, by inserting ‘‘or equipment’’ after ‘‘device’’ each place it appears; and (4) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and marine pollution control device equipment’’ after ‘‘marine sanitation device’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or any certified marine pollution control device equipment or element of design of such equipment’’ after ‘‘such device’’; (C) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (4) as subparagraphs (A) through (D), respectively, and indenting the subparagraphs appropriately; (D) by striking ‘‘(h) After’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(h) SALE AND RESALE OF PROPERLY  EQUIPPED VESSELS ; OPERABILITY OF CERTIFIED  MARINE SANITATION DEVICES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), after’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) EFFECT OF SUBSECTION .—Nothing in this subsection requires certification of a marine pollution control device for use on any vessel of the Armed Forces.’’. (c) ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 312(k) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322(k)) is amended— (A) by striking the second sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) STATES .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—This section may be enforced by a State or political subdivision of a State (including the attorney general of a State), including by filing a civil action in an appropriate Federal district court to enforce any violation of subsection (p). ‘‘(B) JURISDICTION .—The appropriate Federal district court shall have jurisdiction with respect to a civil action filed pursuant to subparagraph (A), without regard to the amount in controversy or the citizenship of the parties— ‘‘(i) to enforce the requirements of this section; and ‘‘(ii) to apply appropriate civil penalties under this section or section 309(d), as appropriate.’’; (B) by striking ‘‘(k) The provisions of this’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(k) ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) ADMINISTRATOR .—This section shall be enforced by the Administrator, to the extent provided in section 309. ‘‘(2) SECRETARY .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—This’’; and (C) in paragraph (2) (as so designated)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘operating and he may utilize by agreement’’ and inserting ‘‘operating, who may use, by agreement’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) INSPECTIONS .—For purposes of ensuring compliance with this section, the Secretary— ‘‘(i) may carry out an inspection (including the taking of ballast water samples) of any vessel at any time; and ‘‘(ii) shall— ‘‘(I) establish procedures for— ‘‘(aa) reporting violations of this section; and ‘‘(bb) accumulating evidence regarding those violations; and 
‘‘(II) use appropriate and practicable measures of detection and environmental monitoring of vessels. ‘‘(C) DETENTION .—The Secretary may detain a vessel if the Secretary— ‘‘(i) has reasonable cause to believe that the vessel— ‘‘(I) has failed to comply with an applicable requirement of this section; or ‘‘(II) is being operated in violation of such a requirement; and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary provides to the owner or operator of the vessel a notice of the intent to detain.’’. (2) PRESERVATION OF FEDERAL ENFORCEMENT  
AUTHORITY .—Section 309 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1319) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(3), by striking ‘‘318’’ and inserting ‘‘312(p), 318’’; (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘318’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘312(p), 318’’; (C) in subsection (d), in the first sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘318’’ and inserting ‘‘312(p), 318,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘State,,’’ and inserting ‘‘State,’’; and (D) in subsection (g)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘318’’ and inserting ‘‘312(p), 318’’. (3) PRESERVATION OF PUBLIC ENFORCEMENT  
AUTHORITY .—Section 505(f) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1365(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘(5) certification’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) a standard of performance or requirement under section 312(p); (6) a certification under section 401; (7) a permit or condition of a permit issued under section 402 that is in effect under this Act (including a requirement applicable by reason of section 313); or (8) a regulation under section 405(d).’’. (4) REVIEW .—Section 509(b) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1369(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) DISCHARGES INCIDENTAL TO NORMAL OP ERATION OF VESSELS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), any interested person may file a petition for review of a final agency action under section 312(p) of the Administrator or the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating in accordance with the requirements of this subsection. ‘‘(B) VENUE EXCEPTION .—Subject to section 312(p)(7)(C)(v), a petition for review of a final agency action under section 312(p) of the Administrator or the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating may be filed only in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.’’. (d) LOGBOOK REQUIREMENTS .—Section 11301(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) when a vessel fails to carry out ballast water management requirements as applicable and pursuant to regulations promulgated by the Secretary, including when the vessel fails to carry out ballast water management requirements due to an allowed safety exemption, a statement regarding the failure to comply and the circumstances under which the failure occurred, made immediately after the failure, when practicable to do so.’’. (e) QUAGGA MUSSEL .—Section 42(a)(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amended, in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘of the quagga mussel of the species Dreissena rostriformis or Dreissena bugensis;’’ after ‘‘Dreissena polymorpha;’’. (f) COASTAL AQUATIC INVASIVE SPECIES MITIGATION GRANT PROGRAM AND MITIGATION  FUND.— (1) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) COASTAL ZONE .—The term ‘‘coastal zone’’ has the meaning given the term in section 304 of the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1453). (B) ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means— (i) a State; (ii) a unit of local government; (iii) an Indian Tribe; (iv) a nongovernmental organization; and (v) an institution of higher education. (C) EXCLUSIVE ECONOMIC ZONE .—The term ‘‘Exclusive Economic Zone’’ means the Exclusive Economic Zone of the United States, as established by Presidential Proclamation 5030, dated March 10, 1983 (16 U.S.C. 1453 note). (D) FOUNDATION .—The term ‘‘Foundation’’ means the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation established by section 2(a) of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation Establishment Act (16 U.S.C. 3701(a)). (E) FUND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Fund established by paragraph (3)(A). (F) PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Program’’ means the Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Grant Program established under paragraph (2)(A). (G) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. (2) GRANT PROGRAM .— (A) ESTABLISHMENT .—The Secretary and the Foundation shall establish a program, to be known as the ‘‘Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Grant Program’’, under which the Secretary and the Foundation shall award grants to eligible entities in accordance with this paragraph. (B) PURPOSES .—The purposes of the Program are— (i) to improve the understanding, prevention, and mitigation of, and response to, aquatic invasive species in— (I) the coastal zone; and (II) the Exclusive Economic Zone; (ii) to support the prevention and mitigation of impacts from aquatic invasive species in the coastal zone; and (iii) to support the restoration of Pacific Island habitats, marine, estuarine, and Great Lakes environments in the coastal zone and the Exclusive Economic Zone that are impacted by aquatic invasive species. (C) USE OF GRANTS .— (i) IN GENERAL .—A grant awarded under the Program shall be used for an activity to carry out the purposes of the Program, including an activity— (I) to develop and implement procedures and programs, including permissible State ballast water inspection programs, to prevent, detect, control, mitigate, and rapidly or progressively eradicate aquatic invasive species in the coastal zone or the Exclusive Economic Zone, particularly in areas with high numbers of established aquatic invasive species; (II) to restore habitat impacted by an aquatic invasive species; (III) to develop new shipboard and landbased ballast water treatment system technologies and performance standards to prevent the introduction of aquatic invasive species; (IV) to develop mitigation measures to protect natural and cultural living resources, including shellfish, from the impacts of aquatic invasive species; or (V) to develop mitigation measures to protect infrastructure, such as hydroelectric infrastructure, from aquatic invasive species. (ii) PROHIBITION ON FUNDING LITIGATION .—A grant awarded under the Program may not be used to fund litigation in any matter. (D) ADMINISTRATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Foundation, in consultation with the Secretary, shall establish the following: (i) Application and review procedures for awarding grants under the Program. (ii) Approval procedures for awarding grants under the Program, including a requirement for consultation with— (I) the Secretary of the Interior; and (II) the Administrator. (iii) Performance accountability and monitoring measures for activities funded by a grant awarded under the Program. (iv) Procedures and methods to ensure accurate accounting and appropriate administration of grants awarded under the Program, including standards of recordkeeping. (E) MATCHING REQUIREMENT .—Each eligible entity that receives a grant under the Program shall provide, in cash or through inkind contributions from nonFederal sources, matching funds to carry out the activities funded by the grant in an amount equal to not less than 25 percent of the cost of the activities. (F) FUNDING .—The Secretary and the Foundation are authorized to use the amounts available in the Fund to award grants under the Program. (3) MITIGATION FUND .— (A) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a trust fund, to be known as the ‘‘Coastal Aquatic Invasive Species Mitigation Fund’’, consisting of such amounts as are appropriated or credited to the Fund in accordance with this paragraph or section 9602 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (B) TRANSFERS TO FUND .— (i) APPROPRIATION .—There is authorized to be appropriated from the Treasury to the Fund, for each fiscal year, an amount equal to the amount of penalties assessed for violations of subsection (p) of section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322) during the preceding fiscal year. (ii) ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION .—In addition to the amounts transferred to the Fund under clause (i), there is authorized to be appropriated to the Fund $5,000,000 for each fiscal year. (C) USE OF FUND .—Subject to appropriations, the amounts in the Fund shall be available to the Secretary and the Foundation to award grants under the Program. (g) GREAT LAKES AND LAKE CHAMPLAIN  INVASIVE SPECIES PROGRAM .— (1) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) ADMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. (B) AQUATIC NUISANCE SPECIES .—The term ‘‘aquatic nuisance species’’ has the meaning given that term in subsection (p)(1) of section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322). (C) DIRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Great Lakes National Program Office established by section 118(b) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1268(b)). (D) GREAT LAKES AND LAKE CHAMPLAIN SYS TEMS.—The term ‘‘Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems’’ includes— (i) Lake Champlain; and (ii) all bodies of water (including wetlands) within— (I) the Great Lakes System (as defined in section 118(a)(3) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1268(a)(3))); or (II) the Lake Champlain drainage basin (as defined in section 120(g) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1270(g))). (E) PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Program’’ means the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Invasive Species Program established under paragraph (2)(A). (2) ESTABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish within the Great Lakes National Program Office a program, to be known as the ‘‘Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Invasive Species Program’’— (i) in collaboration with— (I) the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; (II) the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; (III) the Director of the United States Geological Survey; and (IV) the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating; and (ii) in consultation with— (I) the head of Great Lakes Aquatic Nonindigenous Species Information System of the 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; and (II) the head of Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. (B) PURPOSES .—The purposes of the Program shall be— (i) to monitor for the introduction and spread of aquatic nuisance species into or within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; (ii) to detect newly introduced aquatic nuisance species prior to the establishment of the aquatic nuisance species in the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; (iii) to inform, and assist with, management and response actions to prevent or stop the establishment or spread of an aquatic nuisance species; (iv) to establish a watch list of candidate aquatic nuisance species that may be introduced or spread, and that may survive and establish, within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; (v) to monitor vectors likely to be contributing to the introduction or spread of aquatic nuisance species, including ballast water operations; (vi) to work collaboratively with the Federal, State, local, and Tribal agencies to develop criteria for prioritizing and distributing monitoring efforts; (vii) to develop, achieve type approval for, and pilot shipboard or landbased ballast water management systems installed on, or available for use by, commercial vessels operating solely within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems to prevent the spread of aquatic nuisance species populations within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; and (viii) to facilitate meaningful Federal and State implementation of the regulatory framework in this subsection, including monitoring, shipboard education, inspection, and compliance conducted by States. (3) METHODOLOGY .—The Program shall seek— (A) to build on— (i) existing aquatic nuisance species monitoring efforts; and (ii) efforts to develop criteria for prioritizing and distributing monitoring efforts, geographically and among taxa, in the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; (B) to advance early detection and monitoring, and capacity to control the establishment and spread, of aquatic nuisance species within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; (C) to identify opportunities to interdict the introduction and spread of aquatic nuisance species through sound science and technological advancements; (D) to assess the risk of aquatic nuisance species introduction and spread via the range of vectors active within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; (E) to advance the development of typeapproved ballast water management system (as defined in subsection (p)(1) of section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322) equipment for commercial, nonseagoing vessels that operate solely within the Great Lakes System (as defined in section 118(a)(3) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1268(a)(3))); (F) to immediately make available to the public information regarding— (i) the detection of new aquatic nuisance species within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; or (ii) the spread of aquatic nuisance species within the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems; (G) to annually submit to appropriate individuals and entities in each affected region a report describing the findings and activities of the Program; (H) to identify roles and responsibilities of Federal agencies in aquatic nuisance species monitoring and response; and (I) to provide resource assistance to States implementing Statelevel programs to enter into partnerships with Federal agencies in enforcing the requirements under subsection (p) of section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322). (4) COLLABORATION .—In carrying out and developing the Program, the Director shall collaborate with— (A) applicable Federal, State, local, and Tribal agencies; and (B) such other research entities or stakeholders as the Director determines to be appropriate. (5) DATA AVAILABILITY .—The Director shall— (A) make the data collected under the Program available on a publicly accessible internet website, including in an annual summary report; and (B) in coordination with the entities identified under paragraph (4), develop communication and notification protocols for the purpose of communicating the range of aquatic nuisance species and any identification of a new aquatic nuisance species introduced to the Great Lakes and Lake Champlain Systems. (6) REPORT TO CONGRESS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2019, the Director shall submit to Congress a report summarizing the outcomes of activities carried out under the Program. (B) CONTENTS .—The report under subparagraph (A) shall include— (i) a description of activities carried out under the Program, including an explanation of how those activities help to achieve the purposes described in paragraph (2)(B); (ii) an analysis of Federal, State, and local efforts to enhance multidisciplinary approaches to achieve the purposes described in paragraph (2)(B); (iii) recommendations relating to activities that would contribute to achievement of the purposes described in paragraph (2)(B); and (iv) recommendations to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the Program. (7) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out the Program $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. (h) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND MENTS .— (1) Section 1102(f) of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4712(f)) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) BALLAST WATER REPORTING REQUIRE MENTS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The owner or operator of a vessel subject to this title shall submit to the National Ballast Information Clearinghouse, by not later than 6 hours after the arrival of the vessel at a United States port or place of destination, the ballast water management report form approved by the Office of Management and Budget numbered OMB 1625–0069 (or a successor form), unless the vessel is operating exclusively on a voyage between ports or places within contiguous portions of a single Captain of the Port Zone. ‘‘(B) MULTIPLE DISCHARGES .—The owner or operator of a vessel subject to this title may submit a single report under subparagraph (A) for multiple ballast water discharges within a single port or place of destination during the same voyage. ‘‘(C) ADVANCE REPORT TO STATES .—A State may require the owner or operator of a vessel subject to this title to submit directly to the State, or to an appropriate regional forum, a ballast water management report form— ‘‘(i) not later than 24 hours prior to arrival at a United States port or place of destination in the State, if the voyage of the vessel is anticipated to exceed 24 hours; or ‘‘(ii) before departing the port or place of departure, if the voyage of the vessel to the United States port or place of destination is not anticipated to exceed 24 hours. ‘‘(3) VESSEL REPORTING DATA .— ‘‘(A) DISSEMINATION TO STATES .—On receipt of a ballast water management report under paragraph (2), the National Ballast Information Clearinghouse shall— ‘‘(i) in the case of a form submitted electronically, immediately disseminate the report to interested States; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a form submitted by means other than electronically, disseminate the report to interested States as soon as practicable. ‘‘(B) AVAILABILITY TO PUBLIC .—Not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of a ballast water management report under paragraph (2), the National Ballast Information Clearinghouse shall make the data in the report fully and readily available to the public in a searchable and fully retrievable electronic format. ‘‘(4) REPORT .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than July 1, 2019, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall prepare and submit a report in accordance with this paragraph. ‘‘(B) CONTENTS .—Each report under this paragraph shall synthesize and analyze the data described in paragraph (1) for the preceding 2year period to evaluate nationwide status and trends relating to— ‘‘(i) ballast water delivery and management; and ‘‘(ii) invasions of aquatic nuisance species resulting from ballast water. ‘‘(C) DEVELOPMENT .—The Secretary shall prepare each report under this paragraph in consultation and cooperation with— ‘‘(i) the Task Force; and ‘‘(ii) the Smithsonian Institution (acting through the Smithsonian Environmental Research Center). ‘‘(D) SUBMISSION .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) submit each report under this paragraph to— ‘‘(I) the Task Force; ‘‘(II) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and ‘‘(III) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(ii) make each report available to the public. ‘‘(5) WORKING GROUP .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall establish a working group, including members from the National Ballast Information Clearinghouse and States with ballast water management programs, to establish a process for compiling and readily sharing Federal and State commercial vessel reporting and enforcement data regarding compliance with this Act.’’. (2) Section 1205 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4725) is amended— (A) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘Compliance’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) EFFECT OF COMPLIANCE .—Compliance’’; (B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Nothing’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) EFFECT OF TITLE.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), nothing’’; (C) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘All actions’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) CONSISTENCY WITH ENVIRONMENTAL  LAWS.—All actions’’; and (D) in subsection (b) (as so designated), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) EXCEPTION .—Any discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel, including any discharge of ballast water (as those terms are defined in subsections (a) and (p)(1) of section 312 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322)), shall be regulated in accordance with that section.’’. 
SEC. 1001. REAUTHORIZATION OF HYDROGRAPHIC SERVICES IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 1998. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATIONS .—Section 306 of the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998 (33 U.S.C. 892d) is amended— (1) in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘There are’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—There are’’; (2) in subsection (a) (as designated by paragraph (1))— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘surveys—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘surveys, $70,814,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘vessels—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘vessels, $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Administration—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘Administration, $29,932,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; (D) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘title—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘title, $26,800,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; and (E) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘title—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘title, $30,564,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) ARCTIC PROGRAMS .—Of the amount authorized by this section for each fiscal year— ‘‘(1) $10,000,000 is authorized for use in the Arctic— ‘‘(A) to acquire hydrographic data; ‘‘(B) to provide hydrographic services; ‘‘(C) to conduct coastal change analyses necessary to ensure safe navigation; ‘‘(D) to improve the management of coastal change; and ‘‘(E) to reduce risks of harm to subsistence and coastal communities associated with increased international maritime traffic; and ‘‘(2) $2,000,000 is authorized for use to acquire hydrographic data and provide hydrographic services in the Arctic necessary to delineate the United States extended Continental Shelf.’’. (b) LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  
FOR SURVEYS .—Section 306 of such Act (33 U.S.C. 892d) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES FOR SURVEYS .—Of amounts authorized by this section for each fiscal year for contract hydrographic surveys, not more than 5 percent is authorized for administrative costs associated with contract management.’’. 
SEC. 1002. SYSTEM FOR TRACKING AND REPORTING ALLINCLUSIVE COST OF HYDROGRAPHIC SURVEYS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall— (1) develop and implement a system to track and report the full cost to the Department of Commerce of hydrographic data collection, including costs relating to vessel acquisition, vessel repair, and administration of contracts to procure data; (2) evaluate measures for comparing cost per unit effort in addition to measures of cost per nautical square mile; and (3) submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report on which additional measures for comparing cost per unit effort the Secretary intends to use and the rationale for such use. (b) DEVELOPMENT OF STRATEGY FOR INCREASED CONTRACTING WITH NONGOVERN MENTAL ENTITIES FOR HYDROGRAPHIC DATA COLLECTION .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary completes the activities required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall develop a strategy for how the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration will increase contracting with nongovernmental entities for hydrographic data collection in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of the Ocean and Coastal Mapping Integration Act (Public Law 111–11; 33 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.). 
(a) A CCEPTANCE OF FUNDS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of Commerce may accept nonFederal funds for the purpose of the construction of a new port facility, including obtaining such cost estimates, designs, and permits as may be necessary to facilitate the homeporting of the R/V FAIRWEATHER in accordance with title II of the Departments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2002 (Public Law 107–77; 115 Stat. 775) at a location that during such homeporting shall be under the administrative jurisdiction of the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere. (b) STRATEGIC PLAN REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop and submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a strategic plan for implementing subsection (a). (c) ACCEPTANCE OF FUNDS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary may accept nonFederal funds for the purpose of the construction of a new port facility, including obtaining such cost estimates, designs, and permits as may be necessary to facilitate the homeporting of a new, existing, or reactivated research vessel in the city of St. Petersburg, Florida, at a location that during such homeporting shall be under the administrative jurisdiction of the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere. (d) STRATEGIC PLAN REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop and submit to Congress a strategic plan for construction or acquisition of the facilities needed to allow for an oceanographic research vessel to be homeported in St. Petersburg, Florida. The strategic plan shall include an estimate of funding needed to construct such facilities. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on S. 140. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am very proud to come to the floor tonight, not only with another Coast Guard reauthorization bill, but it will be the last bill I will pass and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will pass, as my chairmanship expires and I leave Congress here at the end of the year. So it is a proud moment for me. I am especially proud that S. 140 was named the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018. This is a product of bicameral and bipartisan efforts. The Coast Guard is an armed service with a very difficult mission: to enforce all Federal laws on, under, and over the high seas in the jurisdiction of the United States. This bill supports the Coast Guard and its servicemembers by authorizing funding for fiscal year 2018 and 2019. The legislation includes three bills reported from the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee: the Coast Guard Improvement Reform Act of 2017; the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017; and the Federal Maritime Commission Authorization Act of 2017. The bill promotes commercial and recreational vessel safety, protects the environment, modernizes Coast Guard administration laws, and provides protection for American business in regard to foreign shipping alliances. b1815 Once again, it authorizes a heavy icebreaker to be purchased by the Coast Guard. We just hope the appropriators find the funding to do that for a much needed icebreaker. The bill is named for our colleague, FRANK LOBIONDO , who previously served as chairman and ranking member of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee during five different Congresses. His leadership on the subcommittee translated into many legislative victories for the Coast Guard and their hardworking Coast Guard members. So it is absolutely fitting to name this after FRANK  LOBIONDO . Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Reauthorization Act by voting ‘‘yes’’ on S. 140, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in full support of S. 140, legislation that we have been somewhat patiently waiting for the Senate to move on for over a year. This legislation incorporates three different bills passed and reported by the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee last year: H.R. 2518, the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017; H.R. 1726, the Coast Guard Improvement and Reform Act; and H.R. 2593, the Federal Maritime Commission Authorization Act. This is going to provide both positive improvements in maritime policy, help with the competitiveness of the U.S. maritime industry, and it is going to be of substantial assistance to the Coast Guard. There are issues where we had some disagreement. It is not a perfect bill, but I am pleased to support it, and I urge all Members to support it. I am particularly pleased with the 2 year authorized funding levels for the Coast Guard. It has been hurt over a number of years. Their budget has been too thin, and cuts imposed by the 
Budget Control Act have been harmful. So this is a reasonable—not optimal— funding level, but it will meet both the acquisition and operational needs, and the Appropriations Committee will have the capability of meeting the targets we have set. It would have a rigorous new process before the Coast Guard can permanently close any air facility it operates. In my home State of Oregon there was a rather sudden announcement of a closure of an air facility in the mid coast, Newport, in Representative SCHRADER ’s district. The waters of the Pacific are extraordinarily cold year round. Survival times are not long, and we were putting mariners—both recreational, commercial, and others—at risk. So we have now imposed a new process. There will have to be an extensive public review justification, and then Congress will also have time to review, evaluate, and, if necessary, reject future proposed closures. I also support a provision in the bill that will allow certificates of documentation to be renewed on a multiyear basis. The Coast Guard has had a backlog forever on certificates of documentation, and they are annual. The rationale has been, well, we need to know your home port every year. We are going to have a process where you can get a 5year certificate, and then if you change your home port, you have to report it within a certain number of days to the Coast Guard. That solves that issue. There was a longdiscussed provision that was very controversial on the Senate side on the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act. We came up with a compromise. Again, I don’t know that it is optimal, but we can live with it. It sets strict technological standards for vessel discharges under the Clean Water Act to protect local waters, minimizing the introduction and spread of aquatic invasive species to where it was becoming an incredibly expensive and difficult problem. We don’t need to spread anymore. It establishes a uniform national standard for ballast water treatment that will be developed both by the EPA and the Coast Guard to aid commercial carriers in movement of goods by providing regulatory certainty throughout the United States. It retains a significant role for individual States and citizens to protect their local waters, which has been a critical sticking point in prior efforts to pass this measure. So under this proposal, States are guaranteed the ability to coenforce and oversee implementation of the vessel discharge program, petition the EPA and Coast Guard to strengthen ballast discharge standard, should technologies that are more stringent become commercially available, and call for the establishment of no discharge zones in important and sensitive State waters, similar to those currently available for marine sewage. That, again, was not necessarily optimal, but I think it is workable and protects the interests of the State and our precious resources. I want to acknowledge the chairman and thank him. This will be the last bill he manages on the floor. He has imposed regular order on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee with the water resources development bills, the first longterm FAA bill in three decades, and now an excellent Coast Guard authorization in addition to other products. I would like to also thank my ranking member—soon, perhaps, depending on where he decides to go—chairman of this subcommittee for his contributions. This is the third time that JOHN GARAMENDI has worked with the Republicans to deliver a good Coast Guard bill during his tenure. So, all in all, this is a strangely productive day for the House of Representatives, and I am proud to be here. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST), who is the chairman of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me time to speak in support of this act named after our friend, FRANK LOBIONDO . I thank the gentleman also for his time as chairman of the full committee. As a Representative of Florida, the State with the second largest coastline in the country, I do have a profound respect for the men and women of the U.S. Coast Guard, and as a veteran as well. It has been an honor to work on such a bipartisan committee, which likewise has been filled with members who support the Coast Guard across a diverse set of evolving mission sets. Every hour of every day the Coast Guard protects America’s waterways. They promote a healthy environment, they ensure the safety of mariners, they enforce our laws, they keep us safe from piracy, and they keep us safe from smugglers. Day in and day out I have had the opportunity to see some of their work firsthand. Recently I met with a search and rescue team in Pollocksville, North Carolina, as they worked tirelessly on behalf of communities impacted by Hurricane Florence. I see my local Coasties in places like Fort Pierce. I see them saving mariners young and old, those lost at sea. There is no doubt that their selfless heroism and their decisive work saved many lives in the Carolinas, just as it did in Florida’s Panhandle after Michael and across the Nation, wherever disaster befalls us. I am proud to support this bill, which also authorizes $10.6 billion to strengthen and support the U.S. Coast Guard in its invaluable defense of our waterways and of our homeland. I am especially glad to see the inclusion of my bill, the Jupiter Island Land Transfer Act. This provision will finally resolve a decadesold conservation issue in my district and transfer four critical acres of unused Coast Guard property to the Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge to ensure the endangered turtles will continue to thrive. By protecting this land, we are doing our part to help ensure that the natural beauty of the Treasure Coast is maintained and continues to be the driver of our economy for many decades to come. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting the brave and hardworking men and women of the U.S. Coast Guard and their indispensable work by supporting the FRANK  LOBIONDO Coast Guard Authorization Act. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ), who is the ranking member. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I will make this very brief. I know we are up against the clock here. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. SHUSTER so very much for chairing the committee during my tenure on it and Mr. DEFAZIO, also, for his leadership. I want to also express my appreciation to the new chair, as well as the previous chair of the subcommittee, Mr. HUNTER , with whom I was able to work over the last 3 years. Essentially, this is a good bill. It covers the things that the Coast Guard needs. It increases their funding to a level that is necessary. The title of the bill is proper. We all thank Mr. LOBIONDO for his many years of service. There are a couple of things about the bill that I do want to speak to, and that is we have in the bill a backup system for the GPS that we so much rely upon now. It is finally going to get into the legislation. We also move forward with Blue Technologies and the autonomous, both air and underwater, vehicles that are going to be necessary for the Coast Guard to fully carry out its responsibilities. Beyond that there are some things in the bill that are a compromise. I want to point one out that is very important, and that is section 834 to which I continue to object. This is a bill that actually allows for an aged wooden ship to ply the waters of the Mississippi. The Coast Guard correctly states that this vessel, constructed primarily of wood, and operating the overnight passenger trade, presents an unacceptable fire risk to its passengers and crew, and, accordingly, the Coast Guard is opposed to this particular section. It is unfortunate that is in the bill. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  two letters, one from the Department of Homeland Security and another one from the National Volunteer Fire Council. 
ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR  LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS , U.S. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND  SECURITY , Washington, DC, June 28, 2017. Hon. BILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE SHUSTER : This let ter sets forth Department of Homeland Security (DHS) views with regard to S. 89, a bill ‘‘[t]o amend title 46, United States Code, to exempt old vessels that only operate within inland waterways from the fireretardant materials requirement if the owners of such vessels make annual structural alterations to at least 10 percent of the areas of the vessels that are not constructed of fireretardant materials and for other purposes.’’ Notwithstanding the form in which S. 89 is drafted, only one vessel, the Steamer DELTA QUEEN, would be eligible for the exemption. Because of the advanced age, construction, and configuration of the Steamer DELTA QUEEN, the vessel represents an unacceptable degree of fire safety risk to its passengers and crew. Given the risk that a marine casualty aboard the Steamer DELTA QUEEN poses to life, property, and infrastructure, the DHS must oppose S. 89. Background: The Steamer DELTA QUEEN is a 20th century vessel, the superstructure of which is constructed of wood. The vessel’s boilers are original and open directly to the wood superstructure. Uniquely, the vessel’s configuration has been altered such that the sole means of egress is the stage (gangway) on the bow. In 1966, Congress stipulated that, ‘‘no passenger vessel of the United States . . . shall be granted a certificate of inspection . . . unless the vessel is constructed of fireretardant materials (emphasis added).’’ During the ensuing decades, Congress temporarily delayed the effect of the mandate as it would apply to the Steamer DELTA QUEEN five separate times. Finally, in 2008, the temporary delay expired, and the mandate was made applicable to the Steamer DELTA QUEEN. S. 89 would, once again, render the mandate inapplicable with regard to the Steamer DELTA QUEEN, provided that the vessel’s owner or operator makes structural alterations to those portions of the vessel that are not constructed of fireretardant materials. Discussion: The prospect of fire aboard the Steamer DELTA QUEEN while underway cannot be readily dismissed. In 2008, the United States Coast Guard’s Traveling Inspector who was attending the vessel for examination noted ‘‘evidence of a lack of both short and long term maintenance that adversely impacts the safety of the vessel . . . [a]ll [of which has] to do with unintended or excess but unnecessary fireload [sic] (emphasis added).’’ The fire load was concentrated in the lower decks (i.e., the fire room, other mechanical areas, and the bilge, as well as in other non public spaces that, at the time, were bare wood compartments with no firerated insulation or finish). This fact is significant inasmuch as the most likely source of ignition would be the approximately 100yearold boilers. The boilers’ footprint (height) is not wholly contained within the steel hull; as such, the boilers open directly to the aged and dry wood superstructure. Given that the vessel itself is not divided by thermal and structural boundaries, a fire within any one compartment could readily spread horizontally and vertically. In a worstcase scenario, a fire would begin in the boilers, overwhelm the vessel’s fire suppression system, and spread throughout the whole of lower deck and into the berths and staterooms that sit atop the lower decks. If so, the planned evacuation would be hampered, if not precluded, because the only egress in the present (and not original) configuration is via the stage (gangway) on the bow, directly through the likely location of the fire. And if the vessel’s propulsion system too were to fail during this scenario, the vessel could pose a threat to other vessels and improvements on or above the navigable waters. Separately, DHS notes that 46 U.S.C. §3503(b)(1)(D) requires the vessel’s owner/operator to ‘‘notify the Coast Guard of structural alterations to the vessel, and with regard to those alterations comply with any noncombustible material requirements that the Coast Guard prescribes for nonpublic spaces.’’ However, as late as 2008, the Traveling Inspector noted that: Renovations, modifications[,] and or upgrades . . . were found to be limited to those associated with the installed sprinkler system only. Based on a review of Coast Guard records . . . there is no evidence of further modifications or structural fire protections upgrades since 1998 with most activity tapering off after 9/11/2001. Some existing nonpublic spaces, like the carpenter’s shop[,] have been improved by cleaning and organizing, which helps reduce the fire load. Other non public spaces, such as the laundry room[,] still only show bare wood construction with varying degrees of stainless steel similar to the galley, but as indicated, the installations are not consistent throughout with fire rating unknown. The Coast Guard advises that, if it were to inspect the Steamer DELTA QUEEN today, those nonpublic spaces would likely still be found wanting. Additionally, S. 89 includes a provision whereby passenger vessels having berth or stateroom accommodations for at least 50 passengers shall only be granted a certificate of inspection if, among other things, the vessel has multiple forms of egress off the vessel’s bow and stern. While multiple forms of egress would be beneficial for the Steamer DELTA QUEEN during the period while she is exercising the proposed legislative exemption of S. 89, the implementation of a new standard would likely result in an unsubstantiated financial burden for the remainder of the passenger vessel industry not equipped with multiple forms of egress. Specifically, those vessels presently meeting the fire retardant requirements are not required, under current regulations, to meet a standard for multiple forms of egress off the bow and stern. If S. 89 is enacted those vessel owners and operators of presently compliant vessels, with only one form of egress, will incur costs associated with securing multiple forms of egress. Such costs will be borne with no identified benefit; all while the vessel that would benefit from multiple forms of egress, the Steamer DELTA QUEEN would continue to benefit from an exemption to the new standard. Lastly, the DHS notes that S. 89 does not require the owner/operator to install thermal and structural boundaries, particularly about the boilers, and does not carry a monetary or nonmonetary penalty for failure to comply with the proposed subparagraph (D) requirement. Given this infirmity, and in light of the lack of past compliance or improvements, DHS is not persuaded that allowing incremental alterations of some percentage of the vessel represents a viable solution. In light of the aforementioned, DHS is resigned to oppose continuously any legislation that would provide any form of statutory relief for the Steamer DELTA QUEEN. The Office of Management and Budget advises that, from the standpoint of the Administration’s program, there is no objection to the presentation of this letter to Congress. I appreciate your interest in the Administration’s concerns and input, and I look forward to working with you on future homeland security issues. An identical letter has been sent to Representative DeFazio, Senator Thune, and Senator Nelson. If I may be of further assistance, please contact me. Respectfully, BENJAMIN CASSIDY , Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs. 
NATIONAL VOLUNTEER FIRECOUNCIL  November 19, 2018. Hon. BILLSHUSTER , Chairman, House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. Hon. BRIAN MAST, Chairman, Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee, Washington, DC. Honorable Peter Defazio, Ranking Member, House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. Honorable John Garamendi, Ranking Member, Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER , RANKING MEMBERDEFAZIO, CHAIRMAN MAST, ANDRANKING  MEMBER GARAMENDI : On behalf of the National Volunteer Fire Council (NVFC), which represents the interests of the nation’s volunteer fire, EMS, and rescue services, I am writing in opposition to a provision that was included in S. 140, legislation reauthorizing the U.S. Coast Guard, to exempt from fire safety standards certain historical vessels wishing to operate as cruise ships providing overnight accommodations to passengers. As the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) stated last year in opposing this provision: ‘‘The use of wood construction, even when supplemented by other fire safety measures, has failed time and again to provide an acceptable level of safety for United States citizens carried on board ships.’’ Fire safety standards have a proven track record of saving lives. Our members see this every day responding to fires in structures with and without modern fire safety protections. Fires occurring in updated structures are far less likely to kill or injure occupants and responders. One of the greatest challenges that fire safety advocates face is the belief that many people have that fire will never happen to them. The widespread adoption and enforcement of fire safety standards has led to a significant decrease in the number of fires, fire related deaths, and firerelated injuries in vessels and structures in the United States, in spite of the fact that the general public underestimates the risk posed by fire. I am concerned not only that the fire safety exemption in S. 140 will endanger the lives of the passengers and crew members aboard historical vessels, but also for the dangerous precedent that it sets. If you have any questions regarding this communication please contact Dave Finger, Chief of Legislative and Regulatory Affairs. Sincerely, KEVIN D. Q UINN, Chair. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. With that, I think I have consumed all the time allowed. I will simply close in this way: All in all this is our third effort to successfully pass legislation. I see the majority counsel over there. I thank JOHNso very much for working with us. And on the minority side DAVID is an extraordinary individual. It has been a pleasure working with him on this, the third 
successful passage of the Coast Guard reauthorization. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my Chairman on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, Congressman BILLSHUSTER , and my Ranking Democrat Member on the Transportation Committee, Congressman PETER DEFAZIO, to endorse and support S. 140, the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018. The Coast Guard is a special Federal agency, one that is selfless in service and highly proficient in its work. Ironically, the Coast Guard also is an agency that is overworked, underresourced, and rarely given the thanks that the men and women of the Coast Guard so rightly deserve. Today, with the passage of this legislation, we can say that we are at last stepping up and authorizing funding levels commensurate with the many demands we ask our Coast Guard to undertake. The 2.6 percent increases for both fiscal years 2018 and 2019 will go far to address the deferred needs of the Coast Guard. This stands in sharp contrast to the folly of the Trump administration’s skinny budget for Fiscal Year 2017 that actually sought to cut Coast Guard funding by $1.3 billion—a gross mistake if there ever was one. In general, I applaud Chairman SHUSTER  and his staff, and Ranking Member DEFAZIO and his staff, for their cooperative and collegial, yet determined, negotiations with the other body to arrive at a final bill that advances or clarifies several maritime policy initiatives, improves Coast Guard administration and management, and enhances Coast Guard mission readiness and capabilities. I am particularly pleased that this legislation advances the Coast Guard’s future use of new technologies to improve maritime safety and security and maritime domain awareness. Chief among these is my provision to direct the Department of Transportation to establish a reliable backup timing system to function should the positioning, navigation and timing signals transmitted by GPS satellites be disrupted or degraded. The loss of GPS signals has been characterized as a ‘‘single point of failure’’ for national security and for critical infrastructure systems. Simply stated, we no longer can afford to ignore this threat, and I urge members to join me and support this legislation today. The bill also institutes a new acquisition policy for the Coast Guard to acquire unmanned aerial systems, or UAS. The inability of the Coast Guard to acquire UAS systems for its National Security Cutters is a chronic problem. Restricting the Coast Guard to acquire only systems already acquired and proven effective by other military or nonmilitary agencies, should enable the Service to acquire a UAS system that meets its mission needs without, as they say, ‘‘recreating the wheel.’’ In addition, the bill directs the Coast Guard to sponsor a National Academy of Science study on the status of unmanned, underwater vessels and their potential as mission platforms for the Coast Guard, especially for surveillance activities. This study should help inform the work of the Coast Guard’s Blue Technology Center of Expertise that Congress authorized earlier this year with the enactment of Public Law 115– 265. I also want to express my support for Title VII of the bill that reauthorize the activities of the Federal Maritime Commission and enact some important amendments to the Shipping Act made necessary by the disruption and consolidation in the global container shipping market. Overall, I am pleased that this legislation would authorize increased funding levels for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 for the Federal Maritime Commission. Increased funding should enable the Commission to improve its capabilities to monitor shipping trades that remain turbulent. The bankruptcy of Hanjin Lines in 2016 and the subsequent consolidation of the few remaining ocean carriers into three large alliances produced shock waves in global shipping markets. These new alliances also sent shock waves to U.S. marine terminal operators, tug operators, bunkering operators, and other marine service providers. Title VII of this bill amends the Shipping Act to make some targeted and strategic amendments to improve the legal standing of U.S. port service providers. Additionally, this title strengthens the authority of the Federal Maritime Commission to oversee and intervene, if necessary, in future interactions between these alliances and U.S. port service providers to ensure fair competition. I support these amendments to the Shipping Act as a good first step. I expect that these ideas will require additional refinement as the process moves forward, especially on how best to protect confidential and proprietary information gathered by the Federal Maritime Commission to understand market dynamics. I am open to those discussions and look forward to improving the bill. I also want to express my support for Title IX of the bill that establishes new authorities for the regulation of ballast water and incidental discharges from commercial vessels. While perhaps not perfect, the measure does provide for uniform regulation of vessel discharges within the scope of the Clean Water Act. In addition, the legislation addresses several important issues raised by coastal states, none the least granting states the ability to establish ‘‘no discharge zones’’ if necessary to protect sensitive state waters. In closing, this bill is noncontroversial legislation that addresses the interests of the Coast Guard and U.S. maritime industry. It also addresses the needs of the members on both sides of the aisle, and both sides of the Capitol. I support the legislation and urge its adoption. Although I spoke earlier to express my full support for the underlying bill, I rise now to express my strong opposition to a provision that the Senate inserted into the legislation over my objection. The specific provision is section 834, Fire Retardant Materials. Nothing could be further from the truth. What this provision actually does is reinstate an exemption from a longstanding fire safety requirement for passenger vessels carrying 50 or more people on overnight voyages to be constructed using fire retardant materials. And although the provision does not clearly state the vessel or vessels that would benefit from this exemption, the reality is that there is only one vessel, the Delta Queen, an aged paddlewheel steamship whose superstructure is almost entirely built out of wood, for which the exemption will apply. In 2008, the 110th Congress decided—wisely in my view—not to renew this illadvised exemption for the Delta Queen in favor of upholding maritime safety. It was the correct decision then, and it remains the correct decision today. I have little choice but to raise my objections to this provision based on the manner by which the other body tacked it onto the Coast Guard bill despite the fact that companion legislation introduced in the House, H.R. 619, went nowhere. This legislation would waive a critical maritime fire safety standard and consequently expose the American public to overnight travel on a vessel that the Coast Guard maintains is ‘‘an unacceptable fire hazard to passengers and crew.’’ The Coast Guard’s position remains clear and unequivocal. As stated in its 2008 Special Inspection report, the Coast Guard found that ‘‘The combustible construction of the vessel presents an unacceptable fire risk that cannot be mitigated by the addition of fire suppression measures.’’ The Coast Guard also concluded that, ‘‘The vessel, constructed primarily of wood and operating in the overnight passenger trade, presents an unacceptable fire risk to its passengers and crew.’’ Accordingly, the Coast Guard has been, and remains, opposed to legislation to renew the exemption from fire safety standards for the Delta Queen. Mr. Speaker, I have included in the R ECORD  the administration’s views letter stating its opposition to S. 89, which is the underlying provision in section 834. This provision also has drawn opposition from the National Volunteer Fire Council. The Council concludes that the ‘‘fire safety exemption in S. 140 will endanger the lives of passengers and crew members aboard historical vessels, but also for the dangerous precedent it sets.’’ Mr. Speaker, I have included in the RECORD  the Council’s letter stating its opposition to section 834. I commend the Coast Guard for upholding its fire safety standards. I fail to see why it makes any sense for the other body to advance legislation that would sharply contradict the Coast Guard’s recommendations and compromise maritime safety. The American public trusts Congress to ensure that our nation’s transportation system remains the safest in the world. Section 834 violates that trust. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LOBIONDO ), who is the current chairman of the Subcommittee on Aviation, the former chairman of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee, and the namesake of this bill. Mr. LOBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman SHUSTER for yielding. It is an honor to have represented the Coast Guard’s only recruit training center in the Nation which is in my district. It is an honor to have represented the Coast Guard Air Station in Atlantic City, which is the largest helicopter air station that the Coast Guard has. Most of all, I want to recognize the men and women of the Coast Guard whom this bill will benefit. There are very few issues that have been so bipartisan across the board in my time here 
in Congress. When I first came, I didn’t really understand the commitment that the men and women of the Coast Guard continue to make for our Nation, always being asked to do more and given less to do it. In many respects I wish we could have done more over the years, but to be able to move forward with a bill like this that is so bipartisan I think speaks to our commitment as a legislative body to the men and women to whom we owe so much that protect our country. I want to particularly thank Geoff Gosselin who is now with the full Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, but was on my staff for a number of years and really did an amazing and outstanding job with Coast Guard issues for me in helping me to understand them and move them forward. So I want to thank all of my colleagues who have made this day possible. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the State of Washington (Mr. LARSEN ). Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the FRANK  LOBIONDO Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018. Protecting the maritime jobs of the hardworking Washingtonians in the second district of my State, including at Dakota Creek Industries in Anacortes, is a priority of mine. The passage of this legislation supports U.S. maritime defense policy and sustains a strong domestic shipbuilding industry. It is a win as well for the hundreds of men and women at Dakota Creek Industries, which is a key contributor to our regional economy. I appreciate the coordination with Senator CANTWELL , Senator S ULLIVAN , and Representative DONYOUNG as we have worked for a year and a half to find a path to save the hundreds of jobs at DCI. I also want to thank my friend, FRANK LOBIONDO . It is fitting that this bill is named for him, as he is a champion of all things transportation. He has worked tirelessly for the people of New Jersey, the people of his district, and for the people of this country to ensure that we have an infrastructure system in this country that works for all of them. It has been an honor to serve with him for nearly two decades, and I will miss the work of Representative FRANK  LOBIONDO . Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ), who is the former chairman of the Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation and an advocate for the Coast Guard. Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank Chairman SHUSTER for giving me the opportunity to serve for nearly 6 years as the chairman of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee, and I would like to thank him for yielding me time. b1830 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 140, the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018. Congressman LOBIONDO is and has been a tireless advocate for the men and women of the Coast Guard, and there is no other name more fitting for this bill. Let me run through a few of the things that I find extremely great about this bill. Title 9 contains the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act, legislation that I have introduced for three consecutive Congresses. It was compromised a little bit in the Senate but is still getting done. Mr. GARAMENDI and I held many, many subcommittee hearings together. He has been known to ask at the appropriate hearings about the backup to GPS. This question is always met with blank stares. This bill makes important progress on a backup GPS system. Finally, specifically section 514 establishes this backup timing component of the GPS system. That is no doubt thanks to Mr. GARAMENDI ’s tireless work. I am also pleased that the legislation establishes a landbased unmanned aircraft system program for the Coast Guard. They have never had their unmanned aerial vehicle program until now. They have had to rely on other services or agencies for this important capability. These additional UAS assets will strengthen the Coast Guard’s ability to interdict contraband and improve search and rescue missions. During the last 6 years, we have held 46 hearings and five roundtables. We have worked to protect the Jones Act and ensure that our country has a strong maritime industrial base, including a skilled pool of American shipyard workers and mariners who would be critical in a time of conflict. Earlier this year, Congress enacted legislation coming out of the tragic El Faro accident to improve the safety of those American mariners. We have also worked to reduce burdensome regulations that harm U.S. maritime jobs and the competitiveness of the U.S. flag fleet. We held joint hearings with the Committee on Homeland Security to shed light on security vulnerabilities at our ports and sought to enhance the screening of cargo entering our country and, with the Armed Services Committee, to look at the shared missions of the Navy and the Coast Guard in carrying out defense missions. We pushed the Coast Guard to act like the military service that they are. The subcommittee also took massive steps to modernize our Nation’s icebreaker fleet and to encourage the Navy and Coast Guard to have a comprehensive plan for the Arctic. Mr. Speaker, I want to end by thanking a few people. Some of the most fulfilling work serving as the subcommittee chairman was forming strong relationships with the men and women who guard our coasts. The Coast Guard House Liaison Office and the Coast Guard fellows assigned to the subcommittee over the last 6 years have represented their service well. I would like to thank them for their hard work and camaraderie. I also want to thank Congressman GARAMENDI for his friendship and being such a strong partner on these issues. Finally, I want to thank the subcommittee’s staff director, John Rayfield, and the exceptional committee staff who have been invaluable as a resource and worked tirelessly to carry out the subcommittee’s mission. With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the legislation. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018. This bill provides critical policy guidance to the Coast Guard as it protects our Nation’s shores and maritime interests. The bill increases authorized funding levels, requires a review of our Arctic strategy and the Coast Guard’s ability to achieve it, and provides authority to procure three new National Security Cutters. The bill also includes a provision to ensure that public safety answering points that respond to 911 calls from vehicles in distress are trained to relay that information to the Coast Guard or tow companies. Sector Long Island Sound has been working with municipality dispatch centers in Connecticut and New York to implement a training program to route these calls. I want to thank Mystic towboat Captain Jeff Dziedzic for bringing this issue to my attention and Congresswoman ESTYfor working with my office last year to include this language in the bill. Mr. Speaker, eastern Connecticut is the proud home of the U.S. Coast Guard Academy and Coast Guard Station New London. Therefore, I am particularly excited that this bill includes a provision that will help boost construction of the future National Coast Guard Museum to be built along the Thames River in New London. In particular, it authorizes engineering and design work to be performed by the Coast Guard in this project. The Coast Guard is the only military service without its own museum. Under the leadership of Jim Coleman, Richard Grahn, Admiral Papp, Captain Wes Pulver, and many others, this project is well on its way to becoming a world class destination to showcase the rich heritage of the Coast Guard, which dates back to 1790 when Alexander Hamilton created America’s ‘‘first fleet,’’ which, by the way, was organized before the U.S. Navy. I would like to thank the chairman, Mr. SHUSTER , and Mr. L OBIONDO , as they depart. Again, they are great role models of bipartisan leadership and about getting results. I want to also 
thank the ranking member, Mr. D EFAZIO, and also the subcommittee ranking member, JOHN GARAMENDI , for their hard work. I also thank Dave Jansen and John Rayfield for helping guide this bill to a successful conclusion. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this bill. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ). Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong support of this legislation. I want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for their leadership. I would like to highlight a specific portion of the bill. This provision preserves an important piece of American history and it supports American jobs. It would reinstate the Delta Queen’s grandfathered status from a law that prohibits wooden boats from carrying overnight passengers. Congress granted the Delta Queen a reprieve from that grandfathered law, which adversely impacts it, for four decades. In doing so, Congress recognized that the Delta Queen was constructed before the law that adversely impacted it was in place and that the law was intended to regulate vessels at sea, oceangoing vessels. It was never intended for riverfaring boats like the Delta Queen. That is why Congress granted this reprieve for 40 years. We failed to do that back in 2008. We are looking at $100 million in development, in economic dollars in the river areas of this country, including the city of Cincinnati, my area. It used to be the home port. It will be one of the stops. It means a lot of jobs for a lot of people. It will be safely done. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank Dave Jansen for his hard work and again congratulate the chairman on his last bill passing on the floor. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support S. 140, the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018. It is a good bipartisan bill. I urge all my colleagues to vote for it. Finally, I would like to thank the staff on both sides of the aisle. On our side, especially, I thank the Coast Guard Subcommittee staff and John Rayfield, who heads up that staff, for his tremendous work. He just informed me that, under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction, we will have authorized every single program under that committee’s jurisdiction. Great work by John and his team on the subcommittee. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  the names of the staff on the committee. 
From Chairman Shuster’s Staff: John Rayfield Bonnie Bruce Lt. Commander Luke Peterson Kevin Reig Maggie Chan Kathy Loden Brittany Smith Hannah Matesic Fred Miller Geoff Gosselin Chris Vieson From Ranking Member DeFazio’s Staff: Dave Jansen Kathy Dedrick Alex Burkett From the Office of Legislative Counsel: Hank Savage Tom Dillon Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank all my members for the great support they have given me on both sides of the aisle to move a lot of bipartisan legislation. I want to thank them for that. I thank my subcommittee chairmen for their leadership in working with me. Finally, I thank my counterpart, the leader of the Democrats on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, sometimes being a worthy foe, most of the time being a dependable and able ally. I thank him for all his work. I also thank him for the very, very thoughtful small going away gift that he gave me. I appreciate that greatly. Again, I finally thank him for all his effort and work. I have no say in who is going to be the next chairman of the committee, but I can tell you that nobody is more able and knowledgeable about the transportation and infrastructure world than PETER DEFAZIO. I wish him the best and look forward to seeing him down the road. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of S. 140, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S. 140, the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018. Congressman LOBIONDO has served his constituents in New Jersey’s 2nd congressional district well, including the Coast Guard Training Center Cape May in Cape May, New Jersey. From his position on the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, a panel on which we served together for a decade, he successfully fought on behalf of our state and the brave men and women in uniform who guard our nation. Congressman LOBIONDO has focused on strengthening our nation’s maritime industry, which is a critical source of jobs and economic output in New Jersey. During his time in Congress, Congressman LOBIONDO  fought to improve the lives of our service men and women and their families. Given his service to bettering the Coast Guard, it is fitting that this year’s authorization legislation is named after Congressman FRANK LOBIONDO . I look forward to this bill’s passage and strongly urge all my colleagues to support S. 140. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 140, the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act. No institution is more critical to our national defense and homeland security than the United States Coast Guard, and every day, the men and women of the Coast Guard carry out vital, lifesaving missions, including drug interdiction and search and rescue. On November 9, I had the opportunity to tour the Coast Guard’s District 11 facilities in Alameda, California. I was deeply impressed by the dedication and professionalism of the Coast Guard officials I met. However, I was also troubled by the state of some of Coast Guard’s equipment. Resources for the Coast Guard are clearly needed, now more than ever, so it is deeply unfortunate that the Trump administration has sought to cut the Coast Guard’s budget by as much as 14 percent and has transferred millions of dollars in Coast Guard funding to Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Congress should not allow the Trump administration to raid the Coast Guard budget to implement its antiimmigrant policies. But today, I urge all my colleagues to support S. 140, and I applaud the Chairman and Ranking Member for their hard work bringing this important measure to the floor. Likewise, it is vitally important that, as negotiations regarding the Fiscal Year 2019 Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act continue, Congress include sufficient funding for the Coast Guard so that it has the resources it needs to carry out its vital missions. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the bill, S. 140. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment to the House amendment was concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
BLOCKING PROPERTY OF CERTAIN PERSONS CONTRIBUTING TO THE SITUATION IN NICARAGUA—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–173) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on the Judiciary and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) (IEEPA), the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), section 212(f) of the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952 (8 U.S.C. 1182(f)), and section 301 of title 3, United States Code, I hereby report that I have issued an Executive Order declaring a national emergency to deal with the threat posed by the situation in Nicaragua, including the violent response by the Government of Nicaragua to the protests that began on April 18, 2018, and the Ortega regime’s systematic dismantling and undermining of democratic institutions and the rule of law, its use of indiscriminate violence and repressive tactics against civilians, as well as its corruption leading to the destabilization of Nicaragua’s economy. The Executive Order blocks all property and interests in property within 
United States jurisdiction of any person determined by the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State: (i) to be responsible for or complicit in, or to have directly or indirectly engaged or attempted to engage in, any of the following: (A) serious human rights abuse in Nicaragua; (B) actions or policies that undermine democratic processes or institutions in Nicaragua; (C) actions or policies that threaten the peace, security, or stability of Nicaragua; (D) any transaction or series of transactions involving deceptive practices or corruption by, on behalf of, or otherwise related to the Government of Nicaragua or a current or former official of the Government of Nicaragua, such as the misappropriation of public assets or expropriation of private assets for personal gain or political purposes, corruption related to government contracts, or bribery; (ii) to be a leader or official of an entity that has, or whose members have, engaged in any activity described in section (i) or of an entity whose property and interests in property are blocked pursuant to the Executive Order; (iii) to be an official of the Government of Nicaragua or to have served as an official of the Government of Nicaragua at any time on or after January 10, 2007; (iv) to have materially assisted, sponsored, or provided financial, material, or technological support for, or goods or services in support of: (A) any activities described in section (i); or (B) any person whose property and interests in property are blocked pursuant to the Executive Order; or (v) to be owned or controlled by, or to have acted or purported to act for or on behalf of, directly or indirectly, any person whose property and interests in property are blocked pursuant to the Executive Order. I have delegated to the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State, the authority to take such actions, including the promulgation of rules and regulations, and to employ all powers granted to the President by IEEPA as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of the Executive Order. All agencies of the United States Government are directed to take all appropriate measures within their authority to carry out the provisions of the Executive Order. I am enclosing a copy of the Executive Order I have issued. DONALD J. T RUMP .THEWHITE HOUSE , November 27, 2018. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. WILD. Mr. Speaker, Representatives of the 115th Congress, I am profoundly humbled and honored that the people of my district have entrusted me with the duty of representing them. The work of conducting the people’s business in this Chamber has endured through unfinished struggles for equality and justice, through conflicts abroad and crises at home. I look forward to taking part in that work through the remainder of this session and into the next Congress, when a historically diverse freshman class, including more women than ever before in our Nation’s history, will take their oaths. Our first responsibility must be to the most vulnerable and least fortunate among us, and our voices should amplify theirs. My parents both lived lives of service. My father, a conservative Republican, spent his entire career in the Air Force and was driven by a sense of duty. My mother, a progressive Democrat, believed at her core that we are defined by what we do for others. They have both passed away now, but my standing here is a testament to them. We in Congress have a responsibility and opportunity to improve the everyday lives of the people of our districts. On behalf of my community, your communities, and generations to come, I know that we can and must rise to the occasion and deliver shared and lasting progress. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SESSIONS. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the order of the House of January 8, 2018, regarding morninghour debate not apply tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. TENNEY ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. SESSIONS. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order at any time on the legislative day of November 29, 2018, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. f 
CORRECTING ENROLLMENT OF S. 140 Mr. MAST. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 51) to correct the enrollment of S. 140, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
S. C ON. RES. 51 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Representatives concurring), That in the enrollment of S. 140, an Act to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, the Secretary of the Senate shall amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard, and for other purposes.’’. 
The concurrent resolution was concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
RESTORE THE HARMONY WAY BRIDGE ACT Mr. MAST. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6793) to transfer a bridge over the Wabash River to the States of Illinois and Indiana, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6793 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Restore the Harmony Way Bridge Act’’. 
Notwithstanding any provision of the Act approved April 12, 1941 (Public Law 77–37; 55 Stat. 140–144), not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the White County Bridge Commission shall convey, without consideration, to the New Harmony Bridge BiState Commission, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the bridge and the approaches thereto across the Wabash River at or near New Harmony, Indiana, under the jurisdiction of the White County Bridge Commission. 
The Act approved April 12, 1941 (Public Law 77–37; 55 Stat. 140–144) is repealed effective on the date that the White County Bridge Commission completes the conveyance described in section 2. 
Mr. MAST. Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Restore the Harmony Way Bridge Act’’. 
Notwithstanding any provision of the Act of April 12, 1941 (55 Stat. 140, chapter 71), not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the White County Bridge Commission shall convey, without consideration, to the New Harmony Bridge BiState Commission, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the bridge and the approaches thereto across the Wabash River at or near New Harmony, Indiana, under the jurisdiction of the White County Bridge Commission. 
The Act of April 12, 1941 (55 Stat. 140, chapter 71) is repealed effective on the date that the White County Bridge Commission completes the conveyance described in section 2. 
Mr. MAST (during the reading). Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
GEORGE W. WHITEHURST FEDERAL BUILDING Mr. MAST. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 6622) to designate the Federal building located at 2110 First Street in Fort Myers, Florida, as the ‘‘George W. Whitehurst Federal Building’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6622 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The Federal building located at 2110 First Street in Fort Myers, Florida, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘George W. Whitehurst Federal Building’’. 
Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building referred to in section 1 shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘George W. Whitehurst Federal Building’’. COMMITTEE AMENDMENT IN THE NATURE OF A  
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
The Federal building and United States courthouse located at 2110 First Street in Fort Myers, Florida, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘George W. Whitehurst Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. 
Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building and United States courthouse referred to in section 1 shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘George W. Whitehurst Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. 
Mr. MAST (during the reading). Madam Speaker, I ask for unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The committee amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to designate the Federal building located at 2110 First Street in Fort Myers, Florida, as the ‘George W. Whitehurst Federal Building and United States Courthouse’.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EXTENDING ADMINISTRATIVE PENALTY AUTHORITY OF FEDERAL ELECTION COMMISSION Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administration be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 7120) to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to extend through 2023 the authority of the Federal Election Commission to impose civil money penalties on the basis of a schedule of penalties established and published by the Commission, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 7120 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXTENSION OF ADMINISTRATIVE PENALTY AUTHORITY OF FEDERAL ELECTION COMMISSION THROUGH 2023. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 309(a)(4)(C)(v) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30109(a)(4)(C)(v)) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2023’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the earlier of— (1) December 31, 2018; or (2) the date of the enactment of this Act. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MAJOR BRENT TAYLOR VET CENTER OUTSTATION Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 7163) to designate the outstation of the Department of Veterans Affairs in North Ogden, Utah, as the Major Brent Taylor Vet Center Outstation, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 7163 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Congress finds the following: (1) Major Brent Taylor began his military service following the attacks of September 11, 2001. He joined the Army National Guard in 2003, three days after his engagement to his wife, Jennie. Five of his brothers would eventually serve in the Armed Forces following the deadly attacks. (2) During his time in the Army National Guard, Major Taylor distinguished himself in service to the United States and the State of Utah. He received a commission as a second lieutenant from the Brigham Young University Reserve Officer Training Corps in 2006, while graduating as a member of the National Society of Collegiate Scholars. (3) During his impressive career with the Utah National Guard, Major Taylor distinguished himself in multiple specialties, including Intelligence and Military Police. One of his earliest assignments included analyzing foreign language documents in support of the Defense Intelligence Agency. He also led document exploitation efforts in multiple European and South American languages for a variety of intelligence community customers. Major Taylor also managed a team that assessed security vulnerabilities at highprofile facilities across the United States, all while maintaining a successful private sector career in Utah. (4) Major Taylor was continuously ready to take up his Nation’s call to arms and deployed four times in support of operations in Iraq and Afghanistan. His deployed duties varied from Platoon Leader and Combat Advisor to Chief of Staff to the Special Operations Advisory Group, responsible for leading a joint task force advising and assisting an elite Afghan special operations unit. (5) Throughout his deployments, Major Taylor distinguished himself on several occasions, earning a multitude of awards including the Bronze Star. The citation credits Major Taylor’s ability to think calmly and decisively with keeping his subordinates safe while traversing 600,000 miles of roads in Iraq, laden with improvised explosive devices (hereinafter, ‘‘IED’’) and ripe for ambush. (6) During one particularly harrowing mission, Major Taylor’s vehicle was struck by an IED. While he survived the attack, the wounds he received earned him the Purple Heart. 
(7) Major Taylor’s amazing record of service was not limited to the battlefield. In 2010, he served as a member of the North Ogden City Council and, in 2013, Major Taylor was elected mayor. His steadfast leadership led to the city being recognized as ‘‘Business Friendly’’ by the Governor of Utah, and as one of the safest, freest cities in the United States by several organizations. His initiatives included improvements to public works and infrastructure, attracting businesses to the area, developing a local community center, and increasing transparency. His action led his constituents to reelect Major Taylor in 2017. (8) In 2018, Major Taylor placed himself on a leave of absence from his mayoral duties in order to deploy to Afghanistan, explaining to his constituents, ‘‘Service is what leadership is all about’’. (9) While serving in Afghanistan, a dear colleague, Afghani Lieutenant Kefayatullah, was killed shortly before the Afghan elections. Major Taylor wrote, ‘‘The strong turnout at that election, despite the attacks and challenges, was a success for the longsuffering people of Afghanistan, and for the cause of human freedom. I am proud of the brave Afghan and U.S. soldiers I serve with. Many American, NATO and Afghan troops have died to make moments like this election possible.’’. He also extolled the American public to embrace its civic duty, stating, ‘‘I hope everyone back home exercises their precious right to vote. And that whether the Republicans or Democrats win, that we all remember that we have far more as Americans that unites us than divides us.’’. (10) Tragically, on Saturday, November 3, 2018, Major Taylor was killed in an attack in Afghanistan. He is survived by his wife, Jennie, and his seven children, Megan, Lincoln, Alex, Jacob, Ellie, Jonathan, and Caroline. (11) The impression that Major Taylor left was indelible. An Afghan officer who had served with Major Taylor, penned a letter to his wife, stating, ‘‘Your husband taught me to love my wife Hamida as an equal and treat my children as treasured gifts, to be a better father, to be a better husband, and to be a better man.’’. That officer further commented that, ‘‘He died on our soil but he died for the success of freedom and democracy in both of our countries.’’. (12) It is only well and fitting that, as a tribute to this man’s amazing life, Congress name a facility in honor of Major Taylor’s shining example of service and sacrifice. 
SEC. 2. DESIGNATION OF MAJOR BRENT TAYLOR VET CENTER OUTSTATION IN NORTH OGDEN, UTAH. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The outstation of the Department of Veterans Affairs located at 2357 North 400 East Washington Boulevard, North Ogden, Utah, shall, after the date of the enactment of this Act, be known and designated as the ‘‘Major Brent Taylor Vet Center Outstation’’. (b) REFERENCE .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be considered to be a reference to the Major Brent Taylor Vet Center Outstation. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. f 
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER VICTORIA MARUM (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Lieutenant Commander Victoria Marum on her separation from the United States Navy after 11 years of faithful service to our country. An esteemed member of the United States Navy, Lieutenant Commander Marum most recently served as the liaison in the Navy’s U.S. House of Representatives Liaison Office. I was so grateful for Victoria’s guidance during delegations that I was so proud to lead abroad, as she always handled stressful situations and difficult individuals—I won’t name names—with poise, humor, and resourcefulness. The talent she exhibited on Capitol Hill will serve her well on every path upon which she finds herself in the future. As Lieutenant Commander Marum embarks on a new chapter in her life, it is my hope that she may recall with a deep sense of pride and accomplishment the outstanding contributions she has made to the United States Navy, to the United States Congress, and to our great Nation, even though she is a Florida Gator. 
1918 FLU PANDEMIC (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Madam Speaker, flu season is upon us, and I rise today to raise awareness about the 100th anniversary of the deadliest medical catastrophe in history: the 1918 influenza pandemic. 100 years ago, the flu took the lives of more Americans in 1 month than in the entirety of World War I. The 1918 flu pandemic lasted for 15 months. During that time, the average American’s life expectancy dropped by 12 years. 100 years later, there are still many outstanding questions about the flu pandemic, but what is certain is that the flu virus still poses an undeniable threat to our Nation. Last year, an estimated 80,000 Americans died from the flu. Investing in research and development for novel antivirals and ensuring people get the flu vaccine is crucial to protecting our Nation from another flu pandemic like the one we faced 100 years ago. 
RECOGNIZING GIVING TUESDAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I rise today on ‘‘Giving Tuesday’’ to recognize the importance of charitable giving, especially during this time of year. With the Christmas and holiday season upon us, we recognize and celebrate many blessings. As we reflect on all that we have achieved and accomplished, we must also remember the less fortunate among us. ‘‘Giving Tuesday’’ began in 2012 as a day to encourage charitable giving on the heels of shoppingfocused days like ‘‘Black Friday’’ and ‘‘Cyber Monday.’’ It is a dedicated day to give back. Americans are compassionate people who care about their neighbors on ‘‘Giving Tuesday’’ and all year long. Through monetary donations or gifts of time through volunteering, we are always finding ways to give back to our communities. But today, on ‘‘Giving Tuesday,’’ we find ways to lift up our fellow citizens. These acts of kindness and generosity highlight our American values. The best way to celebrate your blessings is to share them with others. No gift is too small and no gesture too insignificant to someone in need. It is the American way. f 
NATIONAL ADOPTION MONTH (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Madam Speaker, as cochair of the Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth, I rise to recognize November as National Adoption Month. All children deserve the love and security of a forever family. Unfortunately, this is not a reality for too many children across the country. More than 123,000 children are waiting right now to be adopted from foster care in the United States. Those who reach adulthood and exit care without a family are far more likely to experience bouts of homelessness and unemployment, among other negative outcomes. Madam Speaker, who among us would have succeeded without the love and support of our families to be there for us, whether it was the family we were born into or the family we make. Madam Speaker, we must ensure that every child has the family they need to thrive. Adoption provides this pathway. On November 17, 19 Rhode Island families celebrated National Adoption Day by finalizing the adoptions of 23 children. I would like to honor these families and others who open their hearts to children in need. There is no greater gift than the gift of a forever home. 
CONGRATULATING THE CHAMPLIN PARK CHAMPS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Madam Speaker, I want to congratulate the Champlin Park Rebels girls volleyball team on winning the Minnesota State High School Championship, the first team in school history to bring a championship trophy back to Champlin Park. Their victory came after outlasting a very talented Eagan team, playing in its sixth consecutive state final. But the Rebels were just too much for them, starting strong and then never looking back. The pressure was on for the Rebels to win their school’s first ever state title, and they delivered every step of the way. They showed the kind of true determination that makes them champions both on and off the court. So, Madam Speaker, congratulations to these student athletes, the coaches, their parents, and all of the fans, and the entire Champlin Park community on a welldeserved, hard fought win becoming state champions. 
b1945 REAUTHORIZATION OF THE NATIONAL EARTHQUAKE HAZARDS REDUCTION PROGRAM (Ms. JAYAPAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JAYAPAL. Madam Speaker, I rise today to say how pleased I am that Congress has reauthorized the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program, or NEHRP. I am grateful to Senator FEINSTEIN , as well as my colleagues in the House— Representatives ROHRABACHER , KNIGHT , and LAMAR SMITH—for their leadership in bringing this forward. This has been an important issue to me since I was in the State senate, given my State’s— Washington State’s—geography and the serious threats that we face from earthquakes. NEHRP reauthorization is the very first step to ensure that our States have the resources they need to prepare for earthquakes, States like mine that have been anticipating a catastrophic earthquake for many years. As we have watched tragedies unfold around the world, it is clear that we have to do everything we can to build resilience so that when earthquakes inevitably strike, our communities are as prepared as they can be. This reauthorization will ensure that all of our communities are able to improve their building standards, have early warning systems, and have better monitoring for seismic activity. I hope this bill will be one of many, and that we continue to build on this progress to ensure ample investment to build resilience, in particular for schools and hospitals. I look forward to working with my colleagues to push this forward in the next Congress. CONGRATULATING THE RIDGE POINT PANTHERS VOLLEYBALL TEAM (Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. OLSON. Madam Speaker, all Texans know that our stars are big and bright at night. But lately, 16 stars have been the biggest and brightest ever seen in Fort Bend County. Here they are. These stars’ names are Alana, Britney, Karly, Taylor, Tiana, Randee, Skylar, Charlie, Claire, Reagan, Baleigh, Nia, Tyler, Lindsey, Kendall, and Peyton. They revolve around a star called Coach Lori McLaughlin. They are the 2018 Ridge Point Panthers volleyball team. We are so proud they are State runnersup in volleyball in Texas: 47–6 was their record, 14–0 in district play. They have a warning for 2019 and beyond: The Panthers are still hungry and will be back. You can count on it. f 
GENERAL MOTORS IDLE (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Speaker, how troubling it is that General Motors has announced it is idling five major auto plants across the United States and Canada. At the Chevy Cruze plant in Lordstown, Ohio, facility alone, 1,600 jobs are on the chopping block. The dire impact in Ohio surges to 5,000 more potential lost jobs when auto part suppliers are considered. President Trump promised to defend manufacturing. He promised to cure the red ink of manufacturing job loss and wagecrushing trade deficits. Under him, both are getting worse. Instead, his party enacted deficitbusting corporate tax giveaways with the Republican tax scam. Where do the automakers intend to invest their bonanza? Not here. Time and time again, American taxpayers and workers have been asked to help the U.S. automakers. This latest move from General Motors is an affront to their investment. President Obama and congressional Democrats refinanced the ailing American auto industry in 2009. Democrats saved American manufacturing while the vast majority of Republicans voted no. Madam Speaker, we need fair trade to open markets and create jobs here at home. 
RELIST JEWISHOWNED HOMES ON WEST BANK IMMEDIATELY (Mr. GAETZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GAETZ. Madam Speaker, I rise today to express our support for our great ally, Israel, and also to share my concern about a recent decision from the company Airbnb. On November 20, Airbnb made the decision to delist about 200 Jewish homes in the West Bank. This decision is a win for the boycott, divestment, and sanctions movement, the BDS movement, which is blatantly antiSemitic and consistently targets businesses that are operating in Israel. As a Representative from northwest Florida, I am proud to serve a State that has stringent BDS laws. I am incredibly proud of Governorelect RON DESANTIS for sharing his concern and for stating unequivocally that if Airbnb continues to engage in BDS activities, they have a right to speak, but they will hear from all of us very soon. 
CONGRATULATING WESTERN HIGH SCHOOL (Mr. CORREA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CORREA. Madam Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Western High School Pioneers on their first ever CIF football championship. Since Western High School opened its doors in 1955, the Pioneers have never won this coveted prize. Now, 63 years later, Coach Dan Davidson put together a very talented team that finally won CIF. Having grown up in Anaheim, I have seen many, many talented Western High School football teams come and go, but I have to tell Coach Davidson: Congratulations. Job well done. Again, congratulations to the Pioneers, to the parents, and to the student body: Job well done. Congratulations. We are all proud of you. 
CLIMATE CHANGE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GIANFORTE ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I wanted to move to the subject of climate change, however, my colleague, TERRI SEWELL , has reminded me that a very important organization needs a few moments, so I yield to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ), to speak about the Stennis Center. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Rex Buffington, for his life’s work as executive director of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Leadership since it was established 30 years ago. I again thank the gentleman from California for yielding me this time. I am joined here tonight by my fellow board members of the Stennis Center as we speak about the retirement of the executive director, Rex Buffington. For more than 30 years, the Stennis Center has taught, inspired, and 
trained our Nation’s young people through programs such as debate, women’s leadership initiatives, and Truman Scholars. Thanks to the leadership of Rex from the very beginning, their work has had a powerful impact on our Nation’s leadership, mobilizing a generation of dedicated public servants and community leaders. I am happy to share with Rex not only our southern roots—he is from Mississippi and I am from Alabama— but our mutual love for debate and our dear friend, my former high school debate coach, Coach Billy Tate. Coach Billy Tate, my high school debate coach at Selma High School, was instrumental in the creation of the John C. Stennis Novice Speech and Debate Tournament. I know that my life’s journey would not have been possible if it had not been for my high school debate experience. I know that the Stennis Center’s debate program is just one of the many ways young leaders across this country are being equipped with the invaluable tools necessary for leadership. Rex knows that it is the people behind our democracy that makes democracy work. He has been quoted as saying: ‘‘No government, regardless of its history or structure, can be better than the people who make it work.’’ I agree with Rex. When we have programs aimed at attracting thoughtful, committed, and honest leaders to public service, we get good policy in the end. While I am disappointed to see Rex’s time as executive director come to an end, I know that his leadership has set the groundwork for another 30 years of success in attracting young people of character to public service. The impact that Rex has had has been enormous, and I thank him. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. HARPER ). Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States House of Representatives and the Board of Trustees for the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Leadership, it is with great gratitude that we honor Rex Buffington for his many years of distinguished public service. Rex Buffington was appointed executive director of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Leadership when the center was established in 1988 to promote and strengthen public service leadership in America. As executive director of the Stennis Center, Rex has been responsible for development and delivery of programs aimed at attracting young leaders to public service and providing current public service leaders with opportunities to further develop their leadership skills and capabilities. Participants in Stennis Center programs range from students in high school to Members of Congress. Prior to his work at the Stennis Center, Rex served as press secretary to Senator John C. Stennis of Mississippi for 12 years. As the Senator’s chief spokesperson, speechwriter, and communications director, Rex coordinated activities and strategies aimed at achieving the Senator’s mission and legislative agenda. I am so honored to serve as chairman of the board of trustees for the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Leadership. I have seen what Rex has done firsthand, and it has been a privilege to work directly with him. Rex is an encourager of every person that he comes in contact with. He knows better than anyone the legacy of Senator John Stennis who served Mississippi and our Nation with great distinction for over 41 years as a U.S. Senator, ultimately becoming President pro tempore. President Reagan once called the Mississippi Senator ‘‘an unwavering advocate of peace through strength.’’ Senator Stennis had a passion for fostering leadership and promoting public service, two objectives that Rex has carried forward during his time serving as executive director. The USS John C. Stennis aircraft carrier, the only one not named after a President, has the twoword motto adopted by Senator Stennis that he had: Look Ahead. Senator Stennis would be proud of the work that Rex Buffington and the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Leadership continue to do, and he would be proud of the great work that Rex has done. We are all very proud of the great work that he has done over these years of distinguished service to Mississippi and to our Nation. We congratulate him on a job well done, and we wish him the best as he looks ahead. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. ROBY). Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for his generosity in yielding a few minutes for this very important moment. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute as well to a true public servant, Rex Buffington. Rex has dedicated so much of his professional life to supporting leaders in this country, most recently, as you have already heard, as the executive director of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Leadership, where he has served admirably since the Stennis Center’s establishment in 1988. After many years of encouraging new leaders and supporting existing ones, Rex is retiring. His tireless efforts will be greatly missed, but I know I speak for many who know him in saying we are proud of him and we are confident that his next chapter brings more wonderful milestones. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to thank Rex. His work for the Stennis Center has positively impacted American leaders from all generations and walks of life, from high school students to the Members of Congress who walk these halls today. I know this firsthand because I am one of those Members that he has impacted. I wish Rex, John Gavin, and Catherine great success in the road ahead. He will be missed, but his impact will be felt for many years to come. b2000 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mrs. ROBY, Mr. H ARPER , and Ms. SEWELL for bringing to our attention one of the important organizations that develops leadership here in the United States, and, obviously, from the two of you, Mrs. ROBYand Ms. S EWELL , who are perfect examples of the success of the center. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, we will turn to another topic, I think, of interest, if my colleagues would just excuse me for a moment. I always try to start these sessions with purpose. What are we all about here? And I often use this from Franklin Delano Roosevelt, and he said: ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.’’ While I always use this, I am trying to figure now, how does this figure into climate change? What would the words of Franklin Delano Roosevelt have to do with climate change in the era of greenhouse gas emissions? I thought about it for a while and I said, it may be difficult to make the connection, but there really is one. And I really want to start with this: What is our purpose here? If we think about climate change, we are going to have to understand and read and pay attention to this. This is the cover of an extraordinarily important document that the Federal Government, the Government of the United States of America, issued last Friday when most of America was out shopping, Black Friday. Now, maybe there is some reason that the administration chose to issue this critical report on that day. If it was to bury the report, they are not going to be successful, because this document, required by Congress over the last 20plus years, gives a clarion call to every human being on this planet today. That clarion call is so important that, on this first day following Thanksgiving and the issuance of this report, we brought it to the floor of the House of Representatives to alert this Nation that, despite trying to hide this report on Friday, it is now part of the public record. We need to understand what the impact of climate change is on all of us today, Americans, and to generations into the future. The impact is stark. It is heavy. It is ominous. And it is already happening. The front page says: Fires. I am from California. We know about fires. This is a month ago, fires in California, all of 
these at one time: the Mendocino Complex in my district, the largest single wildfire in California’s history; the Sierras, down in the southern valley; and the smoke from the Camp fire, burning more than 1,000 homes on this day; smoke covering nearly the entire State of California. Are those fires the result of climate change? The answer is absolutely, yes—the extensiveness, the severity, and the number of acres burned. More familiar, perhaps, and more recent, just days after those fires that I just put up there, this one happened. Eightyfour people are known to have perished in the Paradise fire, the most mass casualties in recent history in the United States. Unfortunately, there are still a couple hundred people unaccounted for. Is this fire a result of climate change? Yes, it is—the intensity of the fire, the rapidity with which it tore through the forest and wiped out an entire town of 26,000 inhabitants. Fourteen thousand residences were burned out in this fire. There is more to be said. How about flooding? Port Arthur, Texas, a city that was flooded, and more along the Gulf Coast this fall. Another community was totally wiped out or near totally wiped out on the Florida panhandle. Massive storms ripped through the Caribbean and up into the United States. Is flooding a result of climate change? The severity and the intensity of the flooding, certainly—North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, and Texas. In California, we have our share of it also. All of these are words laid out in this climate assessment: Economic losses today and into the future, perhaps $141 billion over the next several decades from heatrelated deaths alone; $118 billion cost from sea level rise. Do you live on the coast? The San Francisco Bay, Florida, a good portion of Florida, Miami, the Everglades, the East Coast, all of it is affected by climate change. We have a problem, folks. Are you interested in ecology? Are you interested in wildlife? Are you interested in forests? This was once a green forest in California. We predicted in the mid1990s, when I was given a task as the Deputy Secretary at the Department of the Interior to investigate and to anticipate what climate change would bring to America, we said there would be more fires, more intense fires. They would be more devastating. They would be larger. They would be faster. We said there would be more flooding. We said the hurricanes would be even greater than in the past. We predicted that a city called New Orleans would flood. We predicted that a place called New York City would flood. And they both did a few short years after that report, as we prepared the United States for the Kyoto climate conference. Coming out of that conference, the House of Representatives and the Senate of this great body denied the opportunity for the United States to join in the treaty that came out of that conference, and it got worse. Forests of California, we predicted there would be a dieoff. And, in fact, there is. This is just one small part of the massive dieoff of trees that is occurring in the forests all across America, even into the Arctic regions. Pay attention, America. Pay attention, Congress. Pay attention, Senate. And for heaven’s sake, President Trump, please pay attention to the reality of climate change. It is here. It is a massive problem. The U.S. military more than a decade ago predicted that wars would be breaking out because of climate migration, climate refugees. It is happening. It is happening around the world. Read this assessment of what it means to America. We have an obligation. We, the 435 Representatives of the American people, have an obligation to address this crisis. It is not a crisis of the future. It is a crisis of today and the future. Do we have the courage to do this? Do we have the courage to decarbonize our energy supplies? We have to find the courage. We have no choice. Joining me tonight are people, Members of this House who share the commitment to address climate change. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEIDER ), my friend from the city of Chicago, to join us and share with us his concerns. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. GARAMENDI  from California, for organizing this evening’s conversation, but more importantly, for drawing attention to this critically important issue. It is more than a little bit shameful that the administration chose to release the Fourth National Climate Assessment on Black Friday, a day, as the gentleman noted, when most families, most people, are focused on the Thanksgiving holiday. Some are shopping, and some are hanging out with their family and friends. But it was clear that this was an apparent effort by the administration to introduce this report at a time when people weren’t paying attention. Fortunately, people are paying attention to this issue. We are seeing it with the concerns people have watching the fires in California; the floods and hurricanes this summer or fall in Florida; last year, with the hurricanes and flooding in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands. The report that was released on Friday was a rigorous report, assembled by 13 Federal agencies and covering more than 1,000 pages of detailed analysis and data, highlighting the impacts we can expect over the next decades into the next century if action isn’t taken. Impacts include increased storms, flooding, devastation, mudslides from the size of these storms; loss of physical property; incalculable human cost from loss of life and other damages; droughts that are leading to fires, crop failures, loss of arable land, not just in our country, but, literally, around the world. The facts are clear. But, again, the Trump administration tried to bury this report, and the President himself says he does not believe the report. Well, to put it simply, this is not about beliefs. This is about science. The facts could not be clearer. Climate change is a serious threat to our Nation. It is a threat to our economy, to our national security, and to the planet that we pass on to our children. We need to take action now before it is too late. The report forecasts that more severe storms, droughts, coastal flooding, and other climate effects could reduce the size of the American economy by 10 percent before the end of the century, almost doubling the impact to our economy of the Great Recession of 2008. The recent fires in California were exacerbated by climate change, and more fires are forecast in the Southeast and throughout the West, if action isn’t taken. The agricultural Midwest, from where I come, will be particularly hardhit. This report forecasts the farming sector could lose so much productivity that the crisis of the 1980s could even seem tame. We need to do something. On the national security front, we will be affected. The report says that climate change variability and extreme events, in conjunction with other factors, can exacerbate conflict around the world, as we have already seen. Droughts, floods, storm surges, wildfires, and other extreme events stress nations and people through loss of life, displacement of populations, and impacts on livelihoods, the report continues. While the White House refuses to make climate a priority, I am heartened that the Pentagon continues to treat this threat with the seriousness it deserves and focuses on it as a national security crisis. This is a global challenge. It can only be met with a global response. b2015 It needs the people of the world and the nations of the world to come together. This is literally a call to action for all of the people of the world. That is the power that was behind the Paris climate accord where every nation has come together and said: We must act, and we must act with urgency. The world needs American leadership, and, sadly, this administration is turning away from that responsibility and that obligation. But thankfully, we are seeing many cities, communities, States, and even business leaders saying: We are in. We are not going to step away. The Trump administration continues to say: We are walking away. 
The Trump administration, in fact, continues to make matters worse. They rolled back the Clean Power Plan to slow our transition away from dirty forms of energy. They have undercut environmental regulations to limit methane pollution. Most significantly, last year, the President announced he was withdrawing the United States from the Paris climate agreement. Climate change is a global problem that requires global solutions, and American leadership must play a role. We must stay within the Paris accord. There is still time to fix this problem if we take action today. If we come together as a nation and if we come together as a world, then I hope we can do that in this body. I hope we can do this as a nation, and I hope this country can continue to lead to make sure that we pass on to our children an environment, a climate, and a world that is worthy of the legacy of our great Nation. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman so very much for his very forceful words and for the fact that he brought to the table not alternate facts, but real facts laid out by the scientists who put this together. We have a challenge, and I know, with the kind of leadership the gentleman is providing for all of us here in the House of Representatives and back in Illinois, we have no choice but to get this done—and we will. Mr. Speaker, I would like now to turn to my colleague, Mr. PAYNE from New Jersey. We often are here on the floor together. I invite Mr. PAYNE to please join us, and we will talk about this issue as it might affect him and his constituents. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ). Mr. PAYNE. First, Mr. Speaker, I would like to start by thanking my colleague, Congressman GARAMENDI , from the great State of California for hosting this evening’s Special Order hour on the threat climate change poses for our Nation and our constituents. Mr. GARAMENDI has done a great service by hosting timely and important Special Orders throughout the 115th Congress. Today’s Special Order hour is especially important, as it comes on the heels of the Trump administration’s attempt to bury its own climate change report and only a day after devastating fires in California were contained. Because of global climate change, the United States is going to suffer from more frequent and more devastating disasters like Superstorm Sandy, which caused massive flooding in my State in 2012 and the Camp fire, which is the deadliest and most destructive in California’s history. Considering that Donald Trump thinks that climate change is an international conspiracy, a hoax concocted by the Chinese, it came as no surprise to me that he has released his own administration’s climate change report on Black Friday when people are out with their families shopping and not paying attention to what is going on in the news. The U.S. climate assessment is damning. It gives President Trump and his GOP allies no cover to proclaim that climate change isn’t real. The report took our country’s top climate scientists 4 years to research and write. It is more than 1,000 pages long and represents work done by 13 Federal agencies. One of the authors, Katherine Hayhoe of Texas Tech University, summarized the evidence like this: Climate change is happening here and now. If the United States does not act fast, the effects of climate change are only going to get worse for the American people. We already have to deal with increasingly frequent and deadly wildfires, hurricanes, and extreme weather events. That is going to get worse if we don’t curb greenhouse gas emissions that are impacting our climate. Climate change also means that some areas will see more rains and more flooding. Our Nation’s infrastructure is already suffering from neglect, as we have had a Special Order hour on that in the past. The American Society of Civil Engineers gives our infrastructure a Dplus. The stress of more frequent and intense rain, flooding, and heat is likely to cause a great deal of damage to our already frail infrastructure. Flooding will overwhelm and erode our roads. It will stress and possibly bring down bridges. We will have to shut down major roadways, railways, and ports. People’s lives and their livelihoods will be at risk. For my district in New Jersey, the economic impact will be devastating. My constituents work at Port Newark, the busiest in the East. They travel to and from jobs in New York City through the Nation’s busiest tunnels and bridges, which are already overwhelmed. They live on or near the water. Our national infrastructure just wasn’t built for the kinds of extreme weather we can expect if climate change goes unchecked. I have no doubt that the people of New Jersey are resilient, but the longer our Federal Government takes to address climate change, the more difficult it will become to adapt. But it is not just our infrastructure that is at risk if we don’t take action on climate change. If left unchecked, climate change is going to hospitalize and kill our constituents. According to the 2017 New Jersey Climate and Health Profile Report published by Rutgers University, air quality changes, such as increased groundlevel ozone and fine particulate matter changes in the air, will cause a rise in respiratory illness, cardiovascular disease, and mortality. Extreme heat and increasingly frequent heat waves will exacerbate people’s existing medical conditions and cause more heatrelated deaths. Changes to our ecosystem caused by increased humidity and higher temperatures will spread pests and infectious diseases. The vulnerability will not be equal. The people most at risk are people least able to migrate to safety. The elderly, young children, and people with existing medical conditions, poorer residents, urban residents, people of color, and laborers are all the people who are most at risk. The Trump administration and our GOP colleagues can keep their heads buried in the sand or they can work alongside countless people in government, academia, business, and civil society to mitigate the effects of climate change. To borrow a warning from a coauthor of the U.S. climate assessment: ‘‘It’s absolutely not too late to take action. But costs will really start skyrocketing if we don’t start reining in emissions.’’ Mr. Speaker, my Democratic colleagues and I are ready to pursue a greener future for our people. We are ready to transition to cleaner energy sources. We are ready to make sure auto emissions standards reflect 21st century technology. We are ready to make sure all Americans have access to clean air, clean water, and high quality healthcare. The question is: Will our Republican friends join us? Mr. Speaker, I want to once again commend Mr. GARAMENDI for always having these timely Special Order hours on issues that are critical to us at this time. The gentleman never misses a beat in terms of bringing issues to the floor that are relevant, important, and need to be addressed as soon as possible. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, in the gentleman’s discussion, Mr. PAYNE  hit upon a really important issue, and it relates to this. I brought this up because this is where I am coming from on public policy. When FDR said that it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little, normally we think about this in terms of economics, we think about in terms of wages, living standards, and the like. But you hit this squarely, because it is those who have little who are going to be the first and most terribly impacted by climate change. You talked about the vulnerable. You talked about the elderly, the young, the working class, and communities of color. Those who have the least will be the least able to adapt. They won’t be able to afford the additional electric bill for airconditioning. They are the most likely to get sick from the various new illnesses that will work their way into the American healthcare system. As the climate warms, we can expect to have more tropical, hot weather illnesses coming. We see it already. West Nile virus is the example that you gave. So this is very, very relevant. I don’t think FDR had in mind climate change when he talked about this. This is what 
he talked about during the Great Depression. This is relevant today in the era of climate change not just here in the United States, but you look at the poor around the world. For the population of Bangladesh, one of the poorest countries in the world, it is likely that 50 percent or more of that population will have to move because of sea level rise. Ethiopia, where Patti and I served as Peace Corps volunteers, has always been plagued by famine as a result of the climate moving back and forth. It will get worse. So do we provide enough for those who have too little? Across the world this is a key issue. Joining me now is my colleague from California. He and I get to share the great SacramentoSan Joaquin Delta, the greatest estuary on the west coast of the Western Hemisphere. Before I come to Mr. MCNERNEY , I am going to put up one of your favorite things here for him to look at, because I know this is what gets him really excited—clean energy systems. This has been his life’s work, and he can talk about it. When he finishes, we will talk a little bit more about some of these. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ). Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, my friend, for yielding. I want to thank my colleagues here tonight, Mr. PAYNE , Mr. S CHNEIDER , and especially Mr. GARAMENDI , who has been an absolute fierce advocate for action on climate and other issues. He is untiring, and I really have a lot of respect and admiration for that. Let me talk a little bit about the report first. This is a scientific report. It was created over a period of years by scientists. It is not an opinion paper. It is a paper that is based on facts, and it is based on modeling. If you do modeling, then you know what happens is you create a model. You test it against the facts. You adjust the model. You test it against the facts. You adjust it, and you reiterate until your model is pretty accurate. Then you make predictions. That is what has happened here. They have some very welltested models that are predicting very bad things. So it is an important piece of scientific literature, and I think science should be at least involved in the decisionmaking in our great country. Now, I think it is almost laughable that the administration tried to limit the exposure of this report by putting it out on Black Friday. I guess that didn’t work because a lot of people are excited in a negative way about this report and what it says. I think most Americans recognize that there is a problem here. Most all Americans recognize it, especially the millennials and the younger Americans. They know because it is going to affect their lives. Their lives are going to be directly affected more and more as we go forward, so they are very engaged in this issue. I think everyone knows in their hearts that there is a problem here, but I think one of the things that is a challenge is: How do we move forward on this? People don’t like change. People like to assume that their lives are going to go on, and they will do things the way they have always done them. But I think one of the things they are worried about is jobs. b2030 Well, let’s talk about that for a second. Mr. GARAMENDI mentioned that I worked on windmills. I worked on windmills for 25 years. I climbed a lot of windmills. It is a pretty exciting thing to do. You are up there working on something that is cool. You are looking down on the natural environment around you. If I was a coal miner, I would say: That is a pretty good alternative to going down into coals mine and breathing dust as to go up on windmills—kind of cold sometimes— but to go up on windmills and work your heart out and create clean energy. So another thing to think about is the number of jobs per energy produced. Renewable energies create a lot more jobs per unit of energy produced. That is an important consideration. So why can’t we move forward? I think the economy is going to improve if we reduce our consumption of fossil fuels. It will create jobs. It will make the environment cleaner. We will have less health impacts than we are seeing from fossil fuels, from coal, from oil, and certainly see a lot less climate impacts. There are a lot of really good reasons to move forward on this. I think if you can look at what America and the world would be like if we weaned ourselves off fossil fuels, it is a beautiful picture. We will have a lot of clean energy. We will have people employed. We will have people using electricity for transportation. We will have energy generated from windmills, solar, geothermal, and from all of these technologies that are there today that are economic and costeffective. In fact, wind and solar are more than competitive with fossil fuels. You can produce more energy per cost of energy with wind and solar than you can with oil and coal. They say natural gas is a great transition fuel, but if you only lose 2 percent of natural gas emissions in the process of creating energy, then you are already undoing the energy efficiency advantage of natural gas because natural gas methane is so effective as a climate change gas. I think we have a lot to look forward to if we determine and decide that we are going to move forward with this transition. One last thing. I want to say I have a challenge to the President. Mr. President, we know that climate change is happening. If you want to go down as a great President, if you want to go down in history as someone that changed history, as someone who changed history for the better, than embrace climate change action. Make a difference. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, before the gentleman leaves, I brought this up because I know that these wind turbines, these windmills are part of the gentleman’s life. You spent, as you say 25, 26 years building these systems. I believe he was doing it in Altamont Pass in California, which is now part of his district and adjacent to mine. It was 1978, 1979 that California passed the very first laws in the nation to provide a State tax credit for wind, solar, and conservation. I was the author of that law. The gentleman and I go back a long, long way here on this issue, Mr. Speaker, and we are not going to give up. As he said, it is about the next generation. I have got here on my phone, which I know I cannot use on the floor, so I am not going to turn it on, but I have a picture of my 13th grandchild, who was born yesterday. It is those children, that young boy and his generation, that will either curse us or thank us. Thank us because we had the courage, we had the wisdom to attack this problem; or curse us because we didn’t. I believe that we have the wisdom. We have people like Mr. MCNERNEY  who has spent his life working on this, both in the private sector and now in Congress. I thank him so very much for that determination to address this critical issue. I thank him for joining us tonight. I have noticed the EastWest show is back in town. Mr. TONKO and I started doing this 7 years ago. Climate change and energy issues were what we talked about back then. This was some of his work when he was working in the State government in New York City, as I recall. Not that he always talked about it on the floor, but he occasionally would point out that he was working, trying to create the new technologies that would address this problem. I thank him for joining us this evening. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative GARAMENDI for leading us in this Special Order that speaks to an urgency. More and more, people are beginning to recognize that it is within our responsibility to provide for the stewardship of our Earth, of the environment, and to pass it on to generations coming. As you just acknowledged the birth of a grandson, congratulations to Mr. GARAMENDI and his wife, Patti. It is important, it is incumbent upon us to do that. When we see the denial and the disregard—the denial for science, for climate change as a concept; the disregard for the Earth, the environment, and for public health—it is troublesome. Here we have in recent weeks heard about and presented the U.N. report through the IPCC, the international committee that looks at climate change, and they are indicating that 
there is precious little time, if any, by which to act—a timeframe that is becoming more and more urgent. It is so important for us to address the science of this issue, to look at the stats, to look at the data that is compelling, that speaks to everything from public health to job creation to a greening up of our thinking so that our policy and our resource advocacy will go toward what is a crisis situation. Just very, very recent, we have witnessed a report on the climate that is under the auspices of the Trump administration where they have responded to the United States Global Change Research Program, a Presidential initiative started by President Ronald Reagan that incorporates, I believe, some 13 agencies and their thinking about climate change. Members of his own cabinet are recommending and advising and he is rejecting. I simply don’t understand how we can ask people to utilize their expertise, invest their time and energy into forecasting where we are going to be and where we are, acknowledging where we are, and the work that is needed, and then to walk away from that presentation based on facts and science and data. You have witnessed at your end of the country what has happened with wildfires. I have seen 500year storms three or four times over in a decade. So the nomenclature is even off target. We are witnessing tremendous damage, loss of lives, property damage, and farming impacts with very rich soil being washed away, erosion of our coastal zones. What more do we need to have as evidence? The Department of Defense; the farming community; the business community; States like California, the gentleman’s home state; and New York, my home State, get it. We pull out of a Paris accord because we are not going to be part of an international community—the only industrial nation to pull out of that accord? It is revolting that we will not respond to this issue. As you indicated, we have been talking about this, we have been pushing this leadership since 2010 with the takeover of the House. We began our efforts in 2008 and 2009. We needed to continue to move forward. The efforts to go forward have been thwarted by a resistance to addressing this issue. I find it unacceptable. As we look upon the next few weeks before we take over with the majority in the House, we need to set a very ambitious tone that will move us forward with a number of issues being addressed under the umbrella of climate change. We have witnessed what has happened out there with the economy. We have calculated the hundreds of billions of dollars that are impacted because of public health costs, the damage to property, and the like. We need to move forward. We need to do this based on science and factual evidence that is available, that is at our fingertips. The time for denial is over. The time for disregard is over. The time for action is now. And we need to move forward, even asking as ranker on the Environment Subcommittee of the Energy and Commerce Committee for hearings in this regard, just hearings so that we can take testimony and advance the cause of the action that is required. Those requests have been falling on deaf ears. So we need to do better. We need to move forward with a sound plan and to understand that across the country more and more people are expressing their concern about climate change. They are witnessing it in the news every night. These wildfires have been greater in number, in severity. I believe this is probably the worst in history. So we need to do a lot more. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, Mr. TONKO said something a moment ago that I know will happen. He is presently the ranking member of the Environment Subcommittee of Energy and Commerce. In about 1 month I believe he is going to be the chairman of that committee. The hearings on this issue, the Fourth Annual Climate Assessment, will finally be heard and the issue will finally be before the Congress. It has been 8 long years of denial by the Republicanled Congress and 2 years by the current President. I know that in his role—and I believe he will be the chairperson of that committee— he will make sure that America and the Congress know and understand this critical issue. I look forward to those hearings. I look forward to his leadership on it, and once again to be on the floor with the gentleman with what we fondly call the East Coast WestCoast program. We are back. Mr. TONKO. Absolutely. Coastto coast this is an issue. We know that where there are innovative concepts, where there is an embracing of an aggressive agenda like in California, like in New York, there are ways to advance green energy, clean energy, innovation when it comes to efficiency, to make certain that those greenhouse gas emissions are addressed. It is within our control. So the human activity here, the human element, yes, is driving some of this. I know there are those who say I believe in climate change, but not humaninspired. Whether or not you believe that to be true, is it so bad to make cleaner the air we breathe, safer the water we drink, remediate the soils we require? These are important factors that can grow significant jobs in research, prototype development, and in product design. So let’s move forward. The evidence is compelling. The temperatures have risen some 1.7 degrees Fahrenheit since 1901. That is major change. The warming, in large part, is due to human activity. The continuation of burning fossil fuels, adding to the greenhouse gas emissions out there, is unacceptable. Sixteen of the last 17 years are the warmest years on record. And there are those saying: Well, it’s just a cycle. Well, that is a long stretch of time. There is no sign out there that it is going to stop. There is no pause there as a warning. Basically, the science that we have today, technology continues to advance in a way that enables us to have shelfready opportunity, the cleverness, the intellect that we harvest in this country, the intellect that allows us to design and understand concepts like capturing waste heat so that we can get more energy out of traditional designs, is a way to advance this cause. The green power that the gentleman just talked about with my fellow colleague from California, Representative MCNERNEY , these are real. They are not pie in the sky. They are happening as we speak. We just have to show the will and break the pattern that has been just too comfortable for us to go forward and say: Oh, well, it is greenhouse gas emissions. And, yes, there is a lot of damage out there, but that should be telling us we are already paying for greenhouse gas emissions, we are already paying for climate change, and we need to change that saga. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, indeed, we are paying for it in so many way. I showed earlier the fires, the floods, the sea level rise that is already occurring, the storm surge that recently affected the Panhandle of Florida. All of these things are the reality of today. And it is not going to go away. The gentleman cited several facts. This is one of our programs that we used 8 years ago. It is this slide. Eight years ago we used this in our Make It in America presentations and we talked about the wind turbines and solar. That is actually an electric bus made by a bus manufacturer in California, the Gillig company. They are using that. These electric buses are part of the future, as are electric cars. b2045 All of these are the new jobs. These are the new technologies. These are where people will be going to work. So that is where the jobs are. These are jobs that won’t be exported. These are American jobs. The maintenance of this, all of these things are available today. The gentleman mentioned California. Yes, California is way out in front, really, competing with New York on who can be the best to decarbonize, to move away from it. Unfortunately, the administration is going exactly the wrong direction. The President wants to do away with the mileage standards, the fuel mileage standards for automobiles, wants to reintroduce coal back into the economy, which is the worst of all energy sources. We don’t need to do that. We can do it. We have proven that it can be done, in California and other places, in other parts of the world. We cannot go backwards. We owe it to the future generations. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, as Mr. GARAMENDI presented that panel with Make It In America, it reminds me that, as you solve this crisis, as you speak to carbon pollution, you are going across so many policy areas: economic development, transportation, health, job training, certainly science and technology, energy and commerce. All of these disciplines. It just travels across all of these areas of activity because the solution is multifaceted. We need to do that. I talk to folks who will say: Gee, my newborn, or the youngest of our family, is struggling with asthma. And they are saying: I hear that asthma is up. I say: Well, have you related it to carbon pollution? The public health cost, the public health impact here is tremendous. So, as we work on this, we are allowing for policy in so many different areas to take hold so that we can go forward with an inclusivity that allows for a lot of work to be done, which generates jobs, oftentimes with research. And research equals jobs—sound, paying jobs. Mr. GARAMENDI. Exactly. Mr. Speaker, Mr. TONKO mentioned asthma. We Democrats campaigned on a better deal for the people, which I just happened to put up here: A better deal for the people. We talked about healthcare. Asthma is a preexisting condition. We have a challenge to deal with the Affordable Care Act and the Republican attempt to reinstitute insurance companies being able to discriminate based upon preexisting conditions. All of these things will tie back: job creation, new technologies, research, healthcare. All of this, in one way or another, comes back to this question of climate change. So we need to address it. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, let me just address some of those that aren’t as clearly connected. Mr. GARAMENDI talks about the need to address public health and to address that bending of the cost curve for healthcare. Well, wellness is an important part. If we can reduce the number of asthma cases, we are doing a big share of the activity that is required. Also, one would never expect, perhaps, that the Department of Defense would be out front on this issue. Why? Because they see a population boom around the world, and they see eroding land and crop failure because of drought. Well, they see that as civil unrest. They see it as a situation that can be damaging to the world community. That civil unrest is of great concern to the Department of Defense. So there are these dynamics that seem so disconnected from this overall topic of carbon pollution. And, yes, when people are faced with that direct question—Where are you on carbon pollution?—of course it is the logical thing: Reduce it. Reduce it. It doesn’t take that much of an effort. It takes the will to go forward and relate to energy efficiency, relate to greening up our policy, relate to renewable energy, battery development as a linchpin that can provide more certainty and predictability. We have it within our capacity, and I am convinced we will move forward as a House come January addressing this issue that has languished for far too long. Mr. Speaker, I again thank the gentleman for leading us in this discussion this evening. It is critical; it is vitally important; it will save dollars; and it will grow jobs. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. TONKO very much for joining us. This issue is about those of us who are here today, but it is, far more importantly, about those who will be in the future. I want to dedicate this hour to a very special person, our new grandson, Grady Christopher Bardet, who was born yesterday afternoon. Mr. TONKO. Congratulations. Mr. GARAMENDI. He will live in the future, either a very good future that we and our colleagues here build for him, or one that is not. To Faith and Eric Bardet, we love you. Thank you for this beautiful gift. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. GARRETT (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and November 28 on account of pressing duties. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly an enrolled bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker. 
H.R. 5784. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2650 North Doctor Martin Luther Jr. Drive in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Vel R. Phillips Post Office Building’’. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 3554. An act to extend the effective date for the sunset for collateral requirements for Small Business Administration disaster loans. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 51 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, November 28, 2018, at noon. OATH OF OFFICE MEMBERS, RESIDENT COMMISSIONER, AND DELEGATES The oath of office required by the sixth article of the Constitution of the United States, and as provided by section 2 of the act of May 13, 1884 (23 Stat. 22), to be administered to Members, Resident Commissioner, and Delegates of the House of Representatives, the text of which is carried in 5 U.S.C. 3331: ‘‘I AB, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.’’ has been subscribed to in person and filed in duplicate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives by the following Member of the 115th Congress, pursuant to the provisions of 2 U.S.C. 25: SUSAN WILD, 15th District of Pennsylvania. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
6929. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, Division of Swap Dealer and Intermediary Oversight, Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — De Minimis Exception to the Swap Dealer Definition (RIN: 3038AE68) received November 15, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 6930. A letter from the Chairman and CEO, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Margin and Capital Requirements for Covered Swap Entities (RIN: 3052AD28) received November 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 6931. A letter from the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Office of Secondary Market, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Organization; Funding and Fiscal Affairs, Loan Policies and Operations, and Funding Operations; Farmer Mac Investment Eligibility (RIN: 3052AC86) received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 6932. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Moral Exemptions and Accommodations for Coverage of Certain Preventive Services Under the Affordable Care Act (RIN: 1210AB84) received November 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 6933. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Administration, 
Department of Labor, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Religious Exemptions and Accommodations for Coverage of Certain Preventive Services Under the Affordable Care Act (RIN: 1210AB83) received November 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 6934. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting the Commission’s direct final rule — Revisions to Safety Standard for Portable Hook On Chairs [Docket No.: CPSC20150016] received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6935. A letter from the Regulations Coordinator, Office of Strategic Operations and Regulatory Affairs, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rules — Religious Exemptions and Accommodations for Coverage of Certain Preventive Services Under the Affordable Care Act [CMS9940F2] (RIN: 0938 AT54) received November 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6936. A letter from the Attorney, CGLRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Anacostia River, Washington, DC [Docket No.: USCG20180473] (RIN: 1625 AA09) received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6937. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Revisions to Testing Regulations for Air Emission Sources [EPAHQ OAR20160510; FRL998642OAR] (RIN: 2060 AS95) received November 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6938. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final action — Prevention of Significant Deterioration (PSD) and Nonattainment New Source Review (NNSR): Aggregation; Reconsideration [EPAHQOAR20030064; FRL9986 47OAR] (RIN: 2060AP80) received November 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6939. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Outer Continental Shelf Air Regulations; Consistency Update for Massachusetts [EPAR01OAR20180011; FRL9983 52Region 1] received November 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6940. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Azoxystrobin; Pesticide Tolerances [EPAHQOPP20170744; FRL 998545] received November 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6941. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval of Arizona Air Plan; Hayden Lead Nonattainment Area Plan for the 2008 Lead Standard [EPAR09 OAR20180222; FRL998631Region 9] received November 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6942. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants and New Source Performance Standards: Petroleum Refinery Sector Amendments [EPAHQOAR 20100682; FRL998668OAR] (RIN: 2060AT50) received November 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6943. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Implementation of the 2015 National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone: Nonattainment Area State Implementation Plan Requirements [EPAHQOAR 20160202; FRL998653OAR] (RIN: 2060AS82) received November 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6944. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Connecticut; Volatile Organic Compound Emissions From Consumer Products and Architectural and Industrial Maintenance Coatings [EPAR01OAR20180099; A1FRL9983 32Region 1] received November 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6945. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Bacillus amyloliquefaciens strain ENV503; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPAHQOPP20170460; FRL998598] received November 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6946. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; AK: Fine Particulate Matter Infrastructure Requirements [EPAR10OAR20170597; FRL 998649Region 10] received November 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6947. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Section 73.3613 of the Commission’s Rules Regarding Filing of Contracts [MB Docket No.: 184]; Modernization of Media Regulation Initiative [MB Docket No.: 17105] received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6948. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Supply Chain Risk Management Reliability Standards [Docket No.: RM1713000] received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6949. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Mobility Division, Wireless Telecommunications Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Promoting Investment in the 35503700 MHz Band [GN Docket No.: 17258] received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6950. A letter from the Secretary, Department of the Treasury, transmitting a six month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Yemen that was declared in Executive Order 13611 of May 16, 2012, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6951. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, transmitting Transmittal No. 1844, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6952. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, transmitting Transmittal No. 1845, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6953. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, transmitting Transmittal No. 1839, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6954. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 18058, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6955. A letter from the Acting Chair, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Inspector General’s Semiannual Report to Congress for the period ending September 30, 2018, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6956. A letter from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting the Administration’s semiannual Inspector General’s report for the period of April 1, 2018 through September 30, 2018, pursuant to Sec. 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6957. A letter from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Performance and Accountability Report for Fiscal Year 2018, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6958. A letter from the Board Chairman and Chairman, Audit Committee, Farm Credit System Insurance Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s consolidated report, pursuant to the Federal Managers’ Financial Integrity Act and the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6959. A letter from the Director, Congressional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Fiscal Year 2018 Agency Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6960. A letter from the Chairman, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Fiscal Year 2018 Agency Financial Report, pursuant to the Office of Management and Budget Circular A136, Financial Reporting Requirements, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107 289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
6961. A letter from the Regulations Coordinator, Office of Strategic Operations and Regulatory Affairs, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rules — Moral Exemptions and Accommodations for Coverage of Certain Preventive Services Under the Affordable Care Act [CMS9925F] (RIN: 0938AT46) received November 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6962. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Hornblower Fireworks Display; San Francisco Bay; San Francisco, CA [Docket No.: USCG 20180847] (RIN: 1625AA00) received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6963. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Delaware River; Penn’s Landing; Philadelphia, PA; Fireworks Display [Docket No.: USCG 20180711] (RIN: 1625AA00) received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6964. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Blue Angels Air Show; St. Johns River, Jacksonville, FL [Docket No.: USCG20180232] (RIN: 1625AA00) received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6965. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regulation; San Diego Bay, San Diego, CA [Docket No.: USCG20180869] (RIN: 1625AA08) received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6966. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Fox River, Brown County Fireworks, Green Bay, WI [Docket No.: USCG20180910] (RIN: 1625 AA00) received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6967. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Columbia River, Cascade Locks, OR [Docket Number: USCG20180998] (RIN: 1625AA00) received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6968. A letter from the Attorney, CGLRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — TankersAutomatic Pilot Systems [Docket No.: USCG20150926] (RIN: 1625AC27) received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6969. A letter from the Attorney, CGLRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regulations; Tchefuncta River, Madisonville, LA [Docket No.: USCG20160963] (RIN: 1625 AA09) received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6970. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Harmonization of Fire Protection Equipment Standards for Towing Vessels [Docket No. USCG20171060] (RIN: 1625 AC43) received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6971. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Allegheny River, miles 0.25 to 0.7, Pittsburgh, PA [Docket Number USCG20180986] (RIN: 1625 AA00) received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6972. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, FHWA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Design Standards for Highways [Docket No.: FHWA20170001] (RIN: 2125AF72) received November 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6973. A letter from the Senior AttorneyAdvisor, Federal Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Environmental Impacts and Related Procedures [Docket No.: FHWA20150011] (RIN: 2125 AF60; 2130AC64; 2132AB26) received November 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6974. A letter from the Paralegal Specialist, Federal Transit Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Environmental Impacts and Related Procedures [Docket No.: FHWA20150011] (RIN: 2125 AF60; 2130AC64; 2132AB26) received November 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6975. A letter from the Attorney, CGLRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Hackensack River, Jersey City, NJ [Docket No.: USCG20180110] (RIN: 1625AA09) received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6976. A letter from the Attorney, CGLRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Duluth Ship Canal, DuluthSuperior Harbor, MN [Docket No.: USCG20180181] (RIN: 1625AA09) received November 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6977. A letter from the Impact Analyst, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Presumption of Herbicide Exposure and Presumption of Disability During Service for Reservists Presumed Exposed to Herbicides (RIN: 2900AP43) received October 29, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 6978. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Adjusted Applicable Dollar Amount for Fee Imposed by Secs. 4375 and 4376 [Notice 201885] received November 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6979. A letter from the Director, Office of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — IncomeRelated Monthly Adjustment Amounts for Medicare Part B and Prescription Drug Coverage Premiums [Docket No.: SSA20180041] (RIN: 0960AI37) received November 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 2846. A bill to require the collection of voluntary feedback on services provided by agencies, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–1043). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 3121. A bill to require the purchase of domestically made flags of the United States of America for use by the Federal Government; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1044). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 3154. A bill to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 relative to the powers of the Department of Justice Inspector General (Rept. 115–1045). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 6777. A bill to amend chapter 3 of title 5, United States Code, to require the publication of settlement agreements, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1046). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3588. A bill to amend the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide for management of red snapper in the Gulf of Mexico, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1047). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3608. A bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to require publication on the Internet of the basis for determinations that species are endangered species or threatened species, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1048). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 4731. A bill to extend the retained use estate for the Caneel Bay resort in St. John, United States Virgin Islands, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1049). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 6346. A bill to amend 
the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to provide for consideration of the totality of conservation measures in determining the impact of proposed Federal agency action (Rept. 115–1050). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 6345. A bill to provide for greater county and State consultation with regard to petitions under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1051). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 6365. A bill to establish the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo Land GrantMerced Claims Commission and other Federal policies for the restoration of land for hardships resulting from the incomplete and inequitable implementation of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, to affirm Land GrantMerced property rights protected by the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1052). (Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 6678. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain National Park Service land in Fairfax County, Virginia, to the Friends of the Claude Moore Farm (Rept. 115–1053). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED BILLS Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the following action was taken by the Speaker: 
[Omitted from the Record of November 20, 2018] H.R. 237. Referral to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology extended for a period ending not later than December 28, 2018. H.R. 2085. Referral to the Committee on Foreign Affairs extended for a period ending not later than December 28, 2018. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi (for himself, Mr. CHABOT , Mr. C URTIS , Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. BALDERSON , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. BERGMAN , Mr. D UNN, Mr. BANKS of Indiana, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Ms. K USTER  of New Hampshire, and Mr. PETERS ): H.R. 7169. A bill to transfer the responsibility of verifying small business concerns owned and controlled by veterans or service disabled veterans to the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GROTHMAN (for himself and Mr. POCAN ): H.R. 7170. A bill to amend the Federal Power Act to require the consideration of invasive species when prescribing fishways, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (for herself and Mr. SENSEN BRENNER ): H.R. 7171. A bill to provide for a coordinated Federal research program to ensure continued United States leadership in engineering biology; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. CLAY: H.R. 7172. A bill to make technical amendments to chapter 3084 of title 54, United States Code, to correct references to the African American Civil Rights Network, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida, and Mr. CRIST): H.R. 7173. A bill to create a Carbon Dividend Trust Fund for the American people in order to encourage marketdriven innovation of clean energy technologies and market efficiencies which will reduce harmful pollution and leave a healthier, more stable, and more prosperous nation for future generations; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 7174. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow certain veterans organizations to take into account the membership of spouses, widows, and widowers of members of the Armed Forces for purposes of determining tax exempt status; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for himself and Mr. POLIS): H.R. 7175. A bill to amend section 805 of the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act to provide for a lifetime pass for access to Federal recreational lands and waters, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself and Mr. BLUM): H.R. 7176. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reestablish the 15 percent corporate rate bracket; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 7177. A bill to amend title III of the Public Health Service Act and titles XI and XVIII of the Social Security Act to accelerate the adoption of valuebased payment and delivery arrangements among health care stakeholders intended to coordinate care, improve patient outcomes, share accountability, or lower costs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. BRAT, and Mr. K INGof Iowa): H.R. 7178. A bill to establish a uniform and more efficient Federal process for protecting property owners’ rights guaranteed by the fifth amendment; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. BASS (for herself, Mr. COLE, Mr. GALLEGO , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. KILMER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. MOORE , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. KILDEE , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. JAYAPAL , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. M CCOLLUM, Mr. M ULLIN , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. MARINO , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. KHANNA , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. B ENRAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico): H. Res. 1159. A resolution commemorating the 40th anniversary of the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978; to the Committee on Natural Resources. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi: H.R. 7169. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution, which provides Congress with the ability to enact legislation necessary and proper to effectuate its purposes in taxing and spending. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 7170. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (related to the general Welfare of the United States). By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 7171. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. CLAY: H.R. 7172. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I By Mr. DEUTCH: H.R. 7173. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 7174. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: H.R. 7175. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution of the United States of America. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 7176. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 7177. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. REED: H.R. 7178. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. The Congress shall have Power to o regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 502: Mr. B UCHANAN . H.R. 719: Mr. LOUDERMILK . H.R. 795: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 866: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 893: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 947: Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 1017: Mr. GIANFORTE . H.R. 1374: Ms. BASS. H.R. 1409: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. B ERA, and Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 1444: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 1567: Mr. MCCAUL. H.R. 1776: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1889: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 2161: Mr. EVANS . H.R. 2315: Mr. ARRINGTON , Mr. B UCK, Mr. CLAY, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. S HIMKUS . H.R. 2392: Ms. KELLY of Illinois and Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2417: Mr. RICHMOND . H.R. 2472: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2651: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 2946: Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 3148: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 3197: Mr. LAWSON of Florida and Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 3513: Mr. BERGMAN . H.R. 3592: Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. M CEACHIN , and Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 3730: Mr. GIANFORTE . H.R. 3827: Ms. CLARKE of New York and Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 3923: Ms. MENG. H.R. 3931: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 4044: Mr. KIND. H.R. 4057: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4253: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 4328: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 4485: Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 4638: Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 4691: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 4693: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 4732: Mr. PANETTA , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. S OTO, Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mrs. DAVIS of California, and Mr. S TEWART . H.R. 5209: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 5244: Mr. NEAL. H.R. 5273: Mr. FASO. H.R. 5561: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 5573: Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 5595: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 5911: Mr. CICILLINE and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 5924: Ms. MENG. H.R. 6016: Ms. WILSON of Florida and Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 6085: Mr. NEWHOUSE and Mr. M ICHAEL  F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 6413: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 6495: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 6510: Mr. FERGUSON , Mrs. D INGELL , and Mr. HUDSON . H.R. 6543: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia and Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 6636: Mr. SENSENBRENNER . H.R. 6685: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 6700: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 6759: Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. TITUS, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. B EN RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. S EANPATRICK  MALONEY of New York, and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 6813: Mr. FORTENBERRY . H.R. 6854: Mr. JONES , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. WALKER , and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 6876: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 6885: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 6903: Mr. GRIJALVA , Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. LEE. H.R. 6983: Mr. CUELLAR . H.R. 6987: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 7037: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas and Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 7059: Mr. ROUZER and Ms. F OXX. H.R. 7086: Ms. BASS. H.R. 7127: Ms. BASS, Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. COHEN . H.R. 7128: Ms. GABBARD and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 7129: Ms. GABBARD and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 7130: Ms. GABBARD and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 7141: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 7142: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 7163: Mr. STEWART , Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. CURTIS . H. Con. Res. 138: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Mr. SCHIFF , and Mr. S ERRANO . H. Con. Res. 141: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H. Res. 960: Mr. AGUILAR . H. Res. 973: Mr. BANKS of Indiana. H. Res. 1034: Mr. RUTHERFORD and Mr. BUCK. H. Res. 1121: Mr. SHERMAN . H. Res. 1130: Mr. LOWENTHAL and Mr. P ASCRELL . H. Res. 1144: Mr. ROSKAM . H. Res. 1145: Ms. WILSON of Florida and Ms. SPEIER . H. Res. 1150: Ms. BARRAGA ´N. H. Res. 1152: Mr. MARINO . H. Res. 1154: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H. Res. 1156: Ms. GABBARD . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7103 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 2018 No. 186 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 