Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate the Edina High School girls hockey team for winning the State hockey championship, their second consecutive championship they have won in a row. The bar was set high for the girls from Edina after last year’s championship win, but they proved to be up to the challenge. Impressive wins over Brainerd/Little Falls and Eden Prairie were a prelude to a showdown in the finals with the Centennial Cougars, who, in December, defeated Edina in one of only two losses they suffered all season. There is no doubt the game was tense, and the teams entered the third period tied at 1. It was there in the third that the Hornets snuck one past Centennial’s defense. Edina never looked back, holding a 2 to 1 lead until time expired. Mr. Speaker, the hard work and determination of these student athletes is impressive. Congratulations again to the players, the coaches, the fans, and the parents on winning the State championship. The entire community is proud of their effort. CONGRATULATIONS , MERCY HOSPITAL  
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Mercy Hospital in Coon Rapids for being honored with the 2018 Distinguished Hospital Award for Clinical Excellence from Healthgrades. Healthgrades measures hospitals across the country and awards this honor only to hospitals that achieve outstanding patient outcomes. Patients treated in these facilities achieve better clinical results than 95 percent of hospitals across the country, and that means that more of Mercy’s patients make it home to their families healthy and free of complications. In addition to the Distinguished Hospital Award, Mercy Hospital also earned recognition for its quality critical care, gastrointestinal care, and general surgery. Patients who have treatments or surgeries in these areas have a lower risk of mortality and also of experiencing a complication during their treatment. Mr. Speaker, the many doctors and nurses and staff who support Mercy Hospital work hard to provide world class care to their patients, and I am really pleased to see them recognized for their dedication and their diligence. Patients in our community can be confident that they are receiving the highest quality of care. MINNETONKA HOCKEY CHAMPS  
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate the Minnetonka High School boys hockey team on winning the State championship title, their first State championship in program history. Minnetonka claimed their title with an impressive 5 to 2 victory over Duluth East in front of 18,000 fans in the Xcel Energy Center. Duluth East was on the board first with a goal early in the first period, but the Skippers came back to tie the game, scored a second goal in short order, and never trailed for the remainder of the game. Mr. Speaker, the road to the championship is not easy, and these student athletes also had to balance their time in the classroom with their sports and training schedule. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Coach Sean Goldsworthy for bringing the team to a State championship in his inaugural season as head coach, and to all of the players, families, and friends of the Minnetonka High School boys hockey team. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ask my colleagues to support the Increasing Access to Precision Medicine Act, legislation that I am coauthoring with my colleague Congressman SWALWELL . Precision medicine is care that is tailored to a specific patient’s genetics, environment, and lifestyle, an emerging field that is showing tremendous promise. It gives providers a better ability to diagnose and treat genetic disorders like cancer, and it helps identify individuals at risk of disease. Precision medicine also allows providers to reduce healthcare costs and improve outcomes for their patients 
through better testing and analysis, but today, many of these tests are not covered by insurance providers. Our bill will have the Department of Health and Human Services and the National Academy of Medicine study the effects and cost savings of precision medicine and offer suggestions for ways to cover the costs of genetic and genomic tests for Medicaid beneficiaries. Mr. Speaker, the Increasing Access to Precision Medicine Act will increase the quality of care while finding ways to lower costs for patients. 
WE NEED A BUDGET THAT INCLUDES THE DREAM ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, on September 5 of last year, the day after Labor Day, the temperature was 86 degrees in Washington, D.C., so that was a long time ago. On that date, President Trump and his henchmen announced that they were killing the DACA program. The next day, meeting with my Democratic colleagues, I said I would not support any spending or budget bills that didn’t include a Dream Act or some other serious attempt to put Dreamers with DACA in a safe place. That was 6 months ago, and we are right back where we started. The Republicans have a bill to cut legal immigration and abandon the Dreamers in some semilegal limbo, and the chairman of the Judiciary Committee had a press conference about it yesterday and is touting his bill as the last chance to get something done about DACA. No, this will not resolve DACA. We will not support it in exchange for it. What the chairman did not mention is that his bill is actually about something else: it is about changing the racial makeup of America’s immigrants so that more of them are White and fewer of them are from countries in Africa, Asia, the Caribbean, and Latin America. Analysis by the Center for Global Development of Goodlatte’s proposal states the following: ‘‘Hispanic and Black immigrants would be roughly twice as likely to be barred by the immigration cuts as white immigrants.’’ The legal immigration cuts would bar the majority of Muslim and Catholic immigrants from coming legally to the United States of America. While the President keeps saying that he wants a better class of immigrants coming to America, the cuts would actually substantially reduce the number of university graduate immigrants. The Goodlatte bill would expand some work visas, but we would only add one university graduate for every seven workers removed by eliminating the family visas and diversity visas. Now, tell me, how does cutting out hardworking immigrants and guaranteeing that the only available avenue to come and work in America is an illegal one, how does that protect Dreamers? It doesn’t. We are once again chasing bad policies down a rabbit hole, because the real agenda on the other side of the aisle is to leverage the national concern over the plight of Dreamers into a radical reordering of legal immigration to make it whiter. Sorry. That is not the agenda of my party and, frankly, not the agenda of my fellow Americans. So, with more than 80 of my colleagues, we will release a letter today at a press conference we wrote to the leaders of both parties in the House and the House appropriators. It echos what I started saying 6 months ago: we need a budget or spending measure that includes the Dream Act, a clean Dream Act, and that is it. This week or next week, we all know we need to pass a budget to keep the government open, and Democrats are clear: our country, our Congress, and our leaders need to figure out how Dreamers get to live in the country they grew up in, the country they love, the country that has invested so much in them and received so much from them. Don’t be lulled into a false sense of security. The Federal courts didn’t settle this or give us a permanent solution. They just gave a lot of lawmakers a convenient excuse for inaction. I am not buying it and neither should you, because also in the spending bill there are likely to be billions of dollars for deportation, detention, breaking up families, and breaking down doors in neighborhoods across the country. That is why our letter says we do not only want a clean Dream Act included in the omnibus, but we want to reduce funding appropriated to DHS’ detention and deportation machine, specifically funding for detention beds, deportation agents operating under ICE or CBP, and an end to border militarization. We oppose any funding that expands the construction of walls or fencing at the southern border. We should, instead, allocate border security resources to modernize the infrastructure and technology at our ports of entry, which would actually benefit our country and our economy. Mr. Speaker, 6 months after Donald Trump and Jeff Sessions instigated this crisis by proclaiming their desire to deport Dreamers and kicking their safety and security in our Nation to this donothing Congress, we now have what could be the last opportunity to actually take permanent legislative action. Do not be distracted by the President’s nativist agenda or the bills in Congress that seek to implement his nationalist view. Do not give up on taking action that is serious and will actually protect Dreamers and the communities that they live in, and do not allow the deportation and family destruction machine to thrive and grow on our watch. We must take a stand right here, right now, and stand up for what is right and what is beneficial for our Nation. I am proud to stand with the majority of Americans and 83 colleagues who have joined me on this letter. The time is now. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter from 83 Members to House leadership and appropriators. 
Dreamers through legislative action and to wield our power of the purse to ensure that the Department of Homeland Security does not make immigrant families and communities casualties of a reckless, indiscriminate detention and deportation machine. Sincerely, Luis V. Gutie´rrez; Adriano Espaillat; Rau´l M. Grijalva; Jerrold Nadler; Zoe Lofgren; Michelle Lujan Grisham; Judy Chu; Joe Crowley; Jan Schakowsky; Jose´E. Serrano; Steve Cohen; Eliot L. Engel; Ted Deutch; Dina Titus; Nydia M. Vela´zquez; Lloyd Doggett; Carolyn B. Maloney; Linda T. Sa ´nchez; Gene Green; Paul D. Tonko; Alcee L. Hastings. Al Green; Albio Sires; Peter Welch; Barbara Lee; Adam Smith; Keith Ellison; Gwen Moore; Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’ Johnson, Jr.; Ben Ray Luja´n; Maxine Waters; Bobby L. Rush; Elijah Cummings; Danny K. Davis; Eleanor Holmes Norton; Yvette D. Clarke; Robert A. Brady; Hakeem S. Jeffries; Grace F. Napolitano; Jared Polis; Norma J. Torres; Juan Vargas; Bonnie Watson Coleman. Donald Norcross; Tony Ca´rdenas; Kathleen M. Rice; Mark Pocan; Mark Takano; Darren Soto; Michael E. Capuano; Ed Perlmutter; Nanette Diaz Barraga´n; Grace Meng; Robin L. Kelly; Jimmy Gomez; Bill Foster; Joaquin Castro; Ruben Gallego; Brenda L. Lawrence; Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’ Scott; Brendan F. Boyle; Donald S. Beyer, Jr.; Earl Blumenauer; Dwight Evans. J. Luis Correa; Pramila Jayapal; Ro Khanna; Suzanne Bonamici; James P. McGovern; Joseph P. Kennedy, III; Jamie Raskin; Colleen Hanabusa; Jacky Rosen; John Lewis; Mark DeSaulnier; Val Butler Demings; Frank Pallone, Jr.; Ted W. Lieu; Alma S. Adams, Ph.D.; Salud O. Carbajal; Donald M. Payne, Jr.; John Yarmuth; Alan Lowenthal. f 
CELEBRATING PUBLIC SCHOOLS WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this week our Nation celebrates Public Schools Week. It is a time when we acknowledge the diversity and success of our public schools and the sound education that they provide. Strengthening America’s public schools is the best way to ensure our children’s future success and our country’s prosperity. Ninety percent of American children attend public schools. This week, supporters across the country will share stories of the many students, schools, and professionals who make public schools such a vital component of our communities. This includes parents who are working hard to improve educational outcomes for children. Advocates nationwide will share scores of stories about public school students and their successes. Mr. Speaker, public school teachers truly make a difference in the lives of our students. They prepare them for a bright and successful future. It is their dedication to our students that builds strong public schools and, therefore, strong communities. As a senior member of the Education and the Workforce Committee and a product of public schools, I know the incredible role our schools play in communities across the Nation. Public schools today have much good news to share, from increasing graduation rates and reduced dropout rates to improved ratings given by communities on school performance. In fact, public school graduation rates have risen from 79 percent in 2010–2011 to 83 percent in 2014–2015. This increase of the measured 5 years reflects that four out of five public school students receive a regular high school diploma within 4 years of starting ninth grade. While the graduation rates varies among States, 34 States have reported graduation rates between 80 and 89 percent, with the highest being 91 percent in Iowa, followed by 90 percent in New Jersey. Based on data from the current population survey, the dropout rate has steadily decreased, from 10.9 percent in 2000 to 7.4 percent in 2010 and 5.9 percent in 2015. Last year, 69 percent of recent high school graduates enrolled in a 2year or 4year college. We are making progress, but we can do more. In many communities, the school district is the largest employer. Teachers, busdrivers, administrators, cafeteria workers, coaches, and facilities management all depend on the school district, and all of these jobs contribute to the fabric of a community. Communities are stronger and schools are better when we all work together to support public education. Public schools also make sure our kids receive at least one nutritious meal a day. More than 30 million school lunches are served each day, including 20 million free and 2 million reduced price lunches. For some students, it may be the only meal they receive will be the one at school. Mr. Speaker, a child’s opportunity for success should not be left to chance. Every child needs a quality, wellequipped school right in their neighborhood where they can learn, be inspired, and thrive. Public education has always been the great equalizer in the United States, and I am grateful for the contributions of our public schools. I know that, together, we will continue to work to strengthen them for our most precious resource: our children. Happy Public Schools Week. 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ). Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, today, thousands of students across the Nation are walking out of their schools to demand real action to end the tragedy of gun violence. Young men and women across the country—children, really— from coast to coast and in the heartland of America are standing up and speaking out for change. Members of Congress will meet some of them on the west front lawn to join them in saying this: Enough is enough. Mr. Speaker, I thank our distinguished colleague from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ) for his extraordinary leadership, whether it is with the students, with legislation on the floor, or in the community at large to help make the difference. b1015 Here we are, community after community, reeling from the horror of gun violence, perpetrated against our children, our families. Our hearts ache for those in Orlando, San Bernardino, Mother Emanuel Church, Las Vegas, Sutherland Springs, Parkland, Newtown. The list is a very long one, and it is, in addition, on the streets and in the homes across our country. There has been too much violence and too much pain. This should not be a political issue. The American people overwhelmingly want action. A full 97 percent of Americans support requiring background checks for all gun buys, including 97 percent of gun owners. There is a commonsense, bipartisan path forward in the Congress. We can take action today on comprehensive background checks without the dangerous Concealed Carry Reciprocity bill, allowing the CDC to study gun violence, and gun violence restraining orders that empower law enforcement to intervene when someone is a threat to themselves or others. We should all be listening to the American people on both sides of the aisle, and we should allow the House to vote on bipartisan gun violence solutions. The families and students suffering from the heartbreak of gun violence deserve real leadership in this body, not a Republican White House and Congress that are saying one thing and doing another. It is deeply disappointing that, just days after embracing the need for commonsense, bipartisan gun violence prevention, still we have nothing coming forward. House Democrats have filed discharge petitions to force votes on the ThompsonKing bipartisan background check bill with 200 cosponsors. Two hundred cosponsors for a background check bill. That is a start. That is remarkable. And also the Background Check Completion Act. Democrats will continue to press for bipartisan progress to reduce the epidemic of gun violence in our Nation. Let me say, as we go out in a little bit to join the students who are doing their walkout across the country, an enormous thankyou to them. An enormous thankyou to them. While we have sympathy for everyone who has loss of life because of gun violence across the country—they are always in our prayers, in our thoughts, and in our determination to make a difference—the eloquence, the courage, the determination of these young people in Florida to come forward in such 
an eloquent and articulate way. They have been on the other side of a gun. That shouldn’t happen to our children. So while we all respect the Second Amendment and what that means for our country, and while we all want to do something very important, we must listen. And what the kids are doing is on top of a lot of positive action taken by the Bradys, taken by every town, taken by our former colleague Gabby Giffords and her initiative, The Promise of Newtown, and all over the country. So much activity has happened, and now it has hopefully culminated at a place where the children, with how savvy they are about social media and the rest, identifying with each other across the country, will be the tipping point that will make the difference to make our country safer. We thank them for what they are doing, for their leadership. We also thank them for taking their grief and turning it into action to save lives. And to remember how important, in all of this, the vote is. And so I say to my colleagues, there isn’t one of us in here whose political survival compares in the slightest bit to the survival of our children. These kids have the courage to come forward. We have to have the courage to vote and take action to save lives. Ninety five percent of the American people support us supporting legislation to do just that. As we pray and have our moments of silence, let’s act upon those sentiments with real action, again, to make a difference. Again, I salute the kids, the young people. I look forward to seeing them on the steps outside on the west lawn. We will gather in the rotunda. All Members are invited to gather in the rotunda, to go outside and associate ourselves and sing the praises of these young people for their courage. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MIKE MABIN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a man who touched so many lives in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. Mike Mabin, a lifelong resident of lower Bucks County, Pennsylvania, was a man who took immense pride in his community and selflessly gave back to it every chance he could. A successful businessman, Mike was the president and CEO of PennFab, Inc., in Bucks County. And as a member of the St. Mary Hospital Advisory Board and the vice chairman of the Bucks County Industrial Development Authority, Mike cared deeply about and worked tirelessly for all of his neighbors in our community. A proud veteran of the U.S. Coast Guard, Mike was proud to be an American and deeply valued service to country. His advocacy was instrumental in making sure that Congress passed the Fairness to Veterans Act, as he wanted to make sure that all those who courageously served our Nation were given opportunities here back home. I ask all my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join me in sending our deepest condolences to Mike’s wife, Marion, along with his children: Heather, Michael, and Jillian. May they take comfort in knowing that Mike made a positive and significant difference in so many lives, and he will be remembered for his patriotism, his loyalty, and his friendship. f 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, there are so many important issues and such little time, but today I want to stand in solidarity with my colleagues, with parents, with students, and with Americans across the country who are calling for action to address the crisis of gun control. Over the weekend, I had the opportunity to connect with nearly 150 students and their parents in my district at a townhall meeting. I listened to their personal worries and worst fears. I heard their thoughts and the solutions they want decisionmakers here in Washington to consider. I felt the emotional strain of wondering if their own classrooms were safe. Above all else, I heard the question: Why? Why can’t we limit access to militarystyle weapons specifically built to maximize damage? Why can’t we improve the background check process? Why won’t Congress act? Why? Why? The President recently set forth a series of empty proposals that continue our practice of shrinking away from these questions. Arming teachers, school personnel, and volunteers is dangerous, illconceived, and does nothing to solve the problems we have with gun violence. To keep our children safe, we need fewer guns, not more. And in backing away from his initial pledge to limit access, the President again prioritized the interests of the National Rifle Association over the pleas of countless students, teachers, and parents. In fact, he is the one who has demonstrated that he is afraid of the NRA. The wish for safe spaces to learn was clear in the comments I heard from my constituents on Saturday: young people who want to walk through the hallways of their schools feeling nurtured instead of afraid. Stashing pistols in their teachers’ desks will not bring them that feeling. If the administration or the leaders controlling what we debate here on the floor of Congress were actually interested in protecting our schools, we would be debating legislation to strengthen background checks, we would be working on increasing the firearms purchasing act to the age of 21, we would be banning assault rifles, we would be limiting and tracking excessive ammunition purchases, and much, much more. There are bills in our hopper to do all of these things. They are ready, and they are waiting for debate, including my own bill. All we need is for the Speaker of this House to show the will, determination, and courage to put young lives ahead of the gun lobby. While much of my townhall meeting was centered on anxiety and fear, I left the event filled with an overwhelming sense of pride and hope, pride in a generation of future leaders who have endured an endless and unbearable stream of school shootings and are stepping up to the plate to hold their leaders accountable. Some of these students were born at a time when that is all they have seen in their lifetime are these mass killings at schools. I hope that we can finally agree on a path of action and their voices will be heard. I will continue to lift these voices here with my colleagues and fight with them for action and change because that is what a better deal is for all Americans. 
REMEMBERING PEARSE LYONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR) for 5 minutes. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life and legacy of Dr. Pearse Lyons of Lexington, Kentucky, who passed away on Thursday of last week at the age of 73. Dr. Lyons was a pioneer, the ultimate dreamer and innovator, a larger thanlife contributor to human progress, and his legacy will forever be remembered. Dr. Lyons, originally from Ireland, is truly the embodiment of the American Dream. He came to the United States in the late 1970s and launched his own business in Lexington in 1980, named after the initials of his daughter, Aoife. Alltech was founded with an initial investment of just $10,000. Today, Alltech is a multibilliondollar international business with operations in animal feed, meat, brewing, and distilling with more than 5,000 employees worldwide. Dr. Lyons was honored as the Business Person of the Year by Business and Finance magazine. He received the IrelandU.S. Council Award for Outstanding Achievement, and Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny recognized him with a St. Patrick’s Day Science Medal in recognition of creating a global business based on scientific research. As impressive if not more so is the impact Dr. Lyons and Alltech have had on Kentucky and, in particular, central Kentucky. Dr. Lyons was the driving force behind bringing the Alltech 2010 World Equestrian Games to Lexington, the first time the games had been held 
outside of Europe. Due to Dr. Lyons’ vision and drive, the 2010 Lexington Games were considered to be the most successful in the event’s history. Dr. Lyons also established ONE: the Alltech Ideas Conference, which has been held in Lexington for more than three decades. The conference is now the city’s largest annual room booking, attracting nearly 4,000 attendees from over 70 countries to the bluegrass. It is often said that through the World Equestrian Games and the Alltech Ideas Conference that Dr. Lyons brought the world to Lexington. This is undeniably true, but it is also true that he brought Kentucky to the world. In addition to its animal feed and agricultural products, Alltech reopened the Lexington Brewing Company in 1999 and launched Kentucky Ale, which can now be purchased across the United States and in many countries across the world. Alltech also opened the Town Branch Distillery in Lexington, which produces a line of spirits including its signature Town Branch Kentucky Bourbon. He and his beloved wife, Deirdre, have also given back directly to many causes. Dr. and Mrs. Lyons built more than a dozen stateoftheart science labs in primary schools in Kentucky and in Ireland. They also established the Alltech Young Scientist program, the largest global agriscience competition for university students, and the Alltech Vocal Scholarship Competition awards for more than half a million dollars in scholarships annually to promising young vocalists. On a personal note, I will miss Pearse’s friendship; his kindness to me and my family; and his extraordinary ideas, passion, and vision. I will never forget the time that I went to the Nicholasville headquarters of Alltech, where Dr. Lyons educated me about how world population growth would put immense pressure on food production requirements and how Alltech scientists were investigating and developing nutritional and agricultural products and techniques to meet the future food needs of the human race. The problem and challenge he described was daunting, but with that infectious smile and with a sparkle in his eye, this innovator told me that there was no limit to what we could do and no limit to what Alltech could do. Pearse was a dreamer, and he also lived life to the fullest. I will always cherish and remember those Alltech ONE conferences where he stood in front of 4,000 people from 70 different countries in Kentucky with the Kentucky Bourbon and the Kentucky Ale and he sang ‘‘Molly Malone’’ in honor of his home country. My wife, Carol, and I extend our deepest condolences to Deirdre; their two children, Aoife and Mark, with whom I grew up; the extended Lyons family; Alltech and its many employees; and all those touched by Dr. Lyons. Pearse Lyons loved his family, both his own family and his Alltech family. He loved music. He loved science and innovation. He loved his native home of Ireland. He loved America. And he loved Kentucky. And for all of his achievements, for his contributions to science and human progress, his philanthropy, and the mark he left on Kentucky, I hope all of my colleagues will join me in honoring the extraordinary life and work of Dr. Pearse Lyons. 
b1030 ENOUGH IS ENOUGH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ) for 5 minutes. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I join with millions of Americans and the students who are walking out today and who are saying enough is enough for the gun violence in America. Seventeen families in Parkland, Florida, are living a nightmare, and our hearts ache for them and the Parkland community. They join a growing club of grieving families all over this Nation because their loved ones were massacred in a place we expected to be safe: a concert in Nevada, a nightclub in Florida, a college in Virginia, an elementary school in Connecticut, a church in Texas, a McDonald’s in California. The list goes on. Last year there were 346 mass shootings in this country, making it the deadliest year of mass killings in a decade. Ninety Americans a day are killed by gun violence. These are not just statistics. Ninety Americans a day means 33,000 grieving families, heartbroken families who lose a child, a parent, in a click of a trigger. We have had enough thoughts and prayers for grieving parents and enough thanks for the first responders that answer the call. The time now is for action. I want to especially thank the young people in south Florida and now across the Nation for their courage, their passion, and persistence. Students today are demanding we do more than shed a tear and wring our hands saying it is too complicated. Students are walking out today because they know there are too many guns in the hands of the wrong people; too many guns on the street that are made for war, not for civil society. They know that is why we should ban the sale of assault rifles and highcapacity magazines and bump stock devices, expand our background check laws, and reinstate Federal funding for gun research. There is not just one solution, but it is not so complicated that we do nothing. So today I am going to join America’s students and I will be walking out because Americans deserve a better deal, and because enough is enough. GUN VIOLENCE REFORM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MATSUI ) for 5 minutes. Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the courageous students in Sacramento, California, and across America who are saying enough with this country’s epidemic of gun violence. Last week, I held a gun violence prevention student townhall in my district, and we were fortunate enough to be joined remotely by Skype by two students from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida: Adam Alhanti and John Barnitt. They inspired us all with their dedication to a future without a fear of gun violence. The students that filled the auditorium of Kennedy High School in Sacramento to listen to Adam and John were fully informed, passionate, and focused on the future. They wanted to know how we can enforce stronger background checks, ban assault weapons, change a culture of guns in this country, and how they can amplify their voices. After hearing their thoughts and questions, I know one thing for sure: these amazing young people are not going to back down from achieving progress on this issue. I believe it would be incumbent upon all of us to listen to their voices. They are the voices of the future. As Adam from Parkland said during our townhall, this issue of gun violence affects all of us. No one wants to live in fear about going to school, work, the movies, church, a concert, or just walking on the street; so no one can afford to sit on the sidelines and do nothing to reform gun laws in this country. We owe it to these students, to our children, our grandchildren, and all future generations to come together and take action on commonsense legislation. Many of the things we want to see reformed are largely supported by the American people. In fact, one high school student in Sacramento pointed out to me that policies like universal background checks have widespread support from the public. It is true. Polls indicate that over 90 percent of the American people support stronger background checks. Under current Federal law, people who purchase firearms at a gun show, through classified ads, or on the internet bypass a background check. There is no excuse not to act to close those dangerous loopholes. It is our job to represent and act on the will of the citizens of this country. We can by voting on solutions like the bipartisan ThompsonKing legislation that would expand and strengthen the current background check system. Yet another week in Congress and here we find ourselves without a vote on real gun violence reform legislation. At one point during my townhall last Friday, Adam from Parkland said: ‘‘We 
are heard. There is no more, ‘Can we be heard?’ It is now. People hear us. They ask, ‘What’s next?’’’ These young people are rightfully going to keep up their demands until we make significant reforms that make a lasting impact. I ask my Republican colleagues to not only listen to these students, but to also take meaningful action to address the gun violence epidemic in this country. Words are not enough. We must move forward. 
THE DONOTHING REPUBLICAN CONGRESS IS MISSING IN ACTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, exactly 1 month ago, 14 innocent students and 3 innocent teachers were massacred at a high school in Parkland, Florida. We are in the midst of a gun violence epidemic in this country; mass shooting after mass shooting after mass shooting; massacre in the workplace in San Bernardino, California; massacre at a nightclub in Orlando, Florida; massacre at a concert in Las Vegas, Nevada; massacre in churches down in Charleston, South Carolina and in Texas; massacre in schools, in Newtown, Connecticut, and Parkland, Florida. We are in the midst of a gun violence epidemic in this country, yet the do nothing Republican Congress is missing in action. The overwhelming majority of the American people support universal background checks. The overwhelming majority of the American people support limiting access to weapons of war. The overwhelming majority of the American people support raising the age of purchase from 18 to 21. Yet the donothing Republican Congress is missing in action. Our students should be able to go to school and focus on reading, writing, and arithmetic; but, instead, they are often in school with their hands in the air, participating in active shooting drills. Yet the donothing Republican Congress is missing in action. All throughout the country today, tens of thousands of students in blue States and red States; students in urban America, rural America, and suburban America; students in the North, the South, the East, and the West, are walking out of class for 17 minutes to demand that Congress pass commonsense gun violence prevention legislation. I salute your courage. I salute your conviction. I salute your determination to make a difference. The students of this great country have stepped up. Now it is time for Congress to do the same. It is time for Congress to choose. We can either stand with the students, or you can stand with the NRA. History will judge us all. The students of this country are being cut down in the classroom in cold blood, yet the donothing Republican Congress is missing in action. We don’t work for the NRA. We don’t work for the gun manufacturers. We don’t work for the merchants of death. We work for the American people, and it is time for us to finally address the gun violence epidemic in America. Enough is enough. The American people deserve a better deal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair and not to a perceived viewing audience. f 
WE NEED RESPONSIBLE GUN SAFETY LAWS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, 1 month ago today, a man brutally murdered 17 children and educators in Parkland, Florida. He killed these innocent people using a semiautomatic, assaultstyle weapon. These weapons, designed for the battlefield, are easily available across this country. It has been 19 years since the Columbine school shooting. That massacre shocked America. Our country debated that shooting and the causes for months, for years. But in what has become an alltoofamiliar pattern, Congress did nothing to address the factor that makes these massacres so deadly, the easy access to guns. You see, after Columbine, the gun lobby knew that they were in trouble, so they put a whole lot of time and a whole lot of money into confusing the issue. They said: ‘‘It’s not guns. It’s bullying. It’s not guns. It’s the lack of school security. It’s not guns. It’s our violent culture, music, and video games.’’ Well, other countries have all of these things, but other countries do not have mass shootings like ours because other countries have responsible gun safety laws. Today, 1 month after the Parkland shooting, we are, once again, discussing guns. Today, as after Columbine, the gun lobby knows that they are in trouble because this time these children who survived the Parkland shooting are not trying to return to the way life was before the shooting. They are taking a stand. And, yes, we do stand with them. See, these children believe that they can change the world. They should, and they are. I mean, after all, isn’t that what we taught them: that when they see something wrong, they do something about it? So the gun lobby is going back to their same old tactics: It is not guns; it is the fact that the teachers don’t have guns. b1045 How surprising that the gun lobby solution to school shootings is to buy more guns. But as a former law enforcement officer who has been trained in active shooter situations, I can tell you that arming teachers is a dangerous and disturbing idea. We should prevent mass shootings and not complicate them. I can tell you that having multiple armed individuals present in an active shooter situation only complicates the response. Arming teachers would lead to taxpayersponsored shootouts, endangering outscaled and outgunned teachers, putting our children at risk. We already ask our overworked and underpaid teachers to do too much. A national survey of teachers found that, if offered the choice to carry a firearm, most would refuse. Many have said they would quit. The solution to gun violence is not shootouts between teachers and school shooters. Instead, we can finally take serious but real measures addressing gun safety. We should stop this absurd idea before it becomes reality. Congress should move swiftly to prevent the administration from shifting tax dollars meant for antiterrorism programs to buying guns for teachers. I had hoped to incorporate this commonsense idea in a bill scheduled to come before the Homeland Security Committee last week, but I was blocked for doing so, and that is why, last night, I introduced a new bill to put the idea into law. Money for fighting terrorism should stay where it is, and our teachers should be allowed to teach. We saw that in my own congressional district in Orlando, Florida, the result of lack of action where 49 people were killed and 58 still suffer lifechanging injuries when they were gunned down in a nightclub. See, everybody, living in a country that we say is the greatest country in the world should have the right to go to church, to go to school, to go to a mall, to go to a movie theater without being gunned down. Mr. Speaker, we should take action after this shooting and do our jobs to protect our children and serve our communities. 
TAKING A HARD LOOK AT GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. MEEKS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning because the camera of history is rolling. It is rolling and it is recording. It is recording the fact that the NRA continues to distort the meaning of the Second Amendment, that the NRA continues to incite its members with propaganda and then threatens my Republican colleagues, and that my Republican colleagues, in fear, hover down to their wishes and do nothing to prevent mass shootings in the United States of America. The camera of history is rolling, Mr. Speaker, and the camera will record the fact that we have a President of the United States who believes in reality TV shows. In fact, he had an open 
press reality showtype meeting where he made big promises of improving gun safety. The President declared, in that meeting, that Republican lawmakers are so scared of the NRA. He said that and admitted that the Republican lawmakers are scared of the NRA, but he said that he was not. Then, just a short time thereafter, what did he do? He didn’t have an open show meeting with the NRA. He didn’t want the American public to see how he hovered down and gave in to the wishes of the NRA. It wasn’t an open press meeting. If he was so strongly against the NRA or could stand up to them, he should have had a meeting in the Oval Office and had the same press coverage so that we could hear what he was saying to them and they were saying to him. But all we know is what the results were. The results were that, after he had this behind closed doors meeting with NRA, he didn’t come out so strong anymore. He started to back down. He started to say—well, he was so strong about, hey, it didn’t make sense about 18 to buy a gun, 18 to 21. That was not in his plans anymore. We saw that he had changed his whole demeanor. Something took place. We say, Mr. President, if you are not afraid of the NRA, then you do an open meeting with the NRA with the same press as you have done with Members of Congress. This is the 30th day since we have had that terrible shooting in Florida, and we have got young people now outside who are saying enough is enough. Some think young people don’t have an effect on American history and the camera. Well, I dare say to you, I can recall a young person who was only about 17 years old who stood bravely and took beatings to say he wanted America to go in a different direction. That young man is now a Member of Congress and someone whom we admire. He goes by the name of JOHN LEWIS. He was only 16, 17 years old, and it changed America. And I dare say, there are some 16 and 17yearolds who are outside today who will change America and make it a better place, and we need to join them. We have got to stop the kinds of letters that I have been receiving in my office. I have been receiving letters from individuals from the Jack and Jill Association, a large association of young people who want a better America, one named Jeremy Chavez, who said: ‘‘My mother has been forced to discuss with me my fear of safety while at school in light of the mass murder of children our age in a place that should be a safe haven for our education.’’ This is a conversation that neither Jeremy’s mother nor any mother should need to have. Yet, with 7,000 innocent children killed since Sandy Hook in 2012, it is one that parents across America are forced to have with their children. Parents have to instruct their kids to hide under the desk as I did as a child when I was afraid or we were afraid of a nuclear weapon when we were in the arms war. We used to have to have shelter drills. Here we are, in 2018, and our children have to have shelter drills because of Americans and others who can come in with an assault rifle and take lives in a matter of seconds. No, that is not the United States we want. That is not the United States that these young people want to live in, and they will stand and fight and change the course of America. f 
DEMANDING VOICES BE HEARD ON GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN) for 5 minutes. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, students from across the Nation, including from my Ninth District in Michigan, are demanding that their voices be heard on the issue of gun violence. They are upset with the carnage they have witnessed. They are fearful for their safety, and they are tired of excuses and inaction. But 1 month after the tragedy in Parkland, Florida, not to mention so many prior school shootings, Republican leaders in Congress have failed to bring up any legislation that might meaningfully control the weapons that are being used to kill and wound so many Americans. So all of us Democrats are coming here today, many of us. On the Republican side—I am not sure the screen can show—we see empty seats. No bill on assault weapons, no bill on improving background checks, no bill to ban bump stocks, nothing—this is a terrible moment of silence when we desperately need a moment of action. While there is no single answer to gun violence, any credible response must address the weapons of war that are turning our schools, houses of worship, movie theaters, and concerts into battlefields. Assault weapons with magazines holding 30 bullets are not needed by hunters nor are they required for selfdefense. They are killing machines, and increasing numbers of our fellow Americans have become their victims. Congress must stand up to the NRA and say, ‘‘Enough.’’ Even President Trump called out Republican Members of Congress for being too afraid of the NRA to act, saying the NRA has ‘‘great power over you people; they have less power over me.’’ But ever since, President Trump has been backtracking, showing he, too, is more scared of the NRA’s political muscle than he is of the public’s demand for change. This outcome is depressingly familiar. Fifty years ago, 1 week after Bobby Kennedy was assassinated, I spoke on the issue of gun violence at Wayne State University. I felt compelled to speak about the myths that the NRA was spreading regarding any effort toward sensible gun control. In my 1968 speech, I said: ‘‘One of the favorite sayings of the NRA and the rest of the gun lobby is that ‘guns don’t kill people; people kill people.’ The figures show the inaccuracy of the statement. The truth is that ‘people with guns kill people.’’’ This remains as true today as it was 50 years ago, and yet we still remain paralyzed by the NRA. And what is its solution to gun violence? More guns. More guns in the classroom by arming teachers, more guns on the streets through lax concealed carry laws, and more guns crossing State lines by overriding local laws. In this deranged math, more guns somehow equals less violence. Grieving parents and terrified students deserve so much better. They are tired of the stonewalling, the diversion, and the deception. They are demanding real action to stop gun violence. Let us act now. 
THOUSANDS GATHER TO PROTEST GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HARPER ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, as we speak, thousands of young people from across the country are gathered outside to protest gun violence and to ask, to beseech, to demand that we take action. Mr. Speaker, we know what to do. We know that we ought to amend the law to provide effective background checks before people can purchase guns—not just background checks when you purchase from a licensed dealer, but background checks when you purchase a gun anyplace. We know that we ought to eliminate the 3day limits so that, if they don’t finish the background check within 3 days, you can’t get your gun. We know that we should renew the assault weapons ban that was in effect from 1994 to 2004 so you can’t buy military killing machines in this country for civilian use. We know we ought to ban the high capacity magazines that can convert guns into killing machines for large numbers of people that have no other purpose. You don’t hunt a deer with a highcapacity magazine. We know we ought to ban bump stocks, and we know the other things we ought to do. But we are, too many of us, cowards. We quell before the National Rifle Association. We know the fact is that it is guns in the hands of people that kill people. Compared to every other country in the world, every other industrial country in the world, we stand out like a sore thumb. If you look at other statistics, this country—Great Britain, 75 people killed by guns in a year; another country, 142. No country is in more than three digits except the United States at 33,000. 
They tell it is mental health. The American people do not have mental health rates or lack of mental health 1,000 times or 10 times or 20 times or 40 times more than people in Western Europe or Japan or Australia. You cannot explain a difference of 75 or 150 to 33,000 by mental health. They tell us we should arm teachers, but we know that trained police officers hit their targets about a third of the time when they fire a gun and, in a gunfight, when the adrenaline is running, 13 percent. If we arm the teachers, we will have more teachers and more students killed. We have a President who has shown cowardice. He criticized Senator TOOMEY for being afraid of the NRA, and then he, after meeting with the NRA, backed down on everything he said he would do. Mr. Speaker, as I said, we know what to do. We are the only country in the world with the kind of gun murder rates that we have. The Republicans have opposed all the measures that we ought to take, but the Republicans have a choice. They can continue to be complicit in their repeated slaughter in our schools, in our churches, in our concert halls, and in our streets by continuing their cowardly subservience to the NRA, or they can act to protect us and our children. They know how to do it. They cannot have it both ways. Let’s see what they do. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. b1100 IN SUPPORT OF GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, the NRA— the NRA—the NRA stands for ‘‘No Republican Action.’’ It has been a month since 17 children and their teachers were gunned down while at school in Parkland, Florida. It has been more than 5 years since 26 children and their teachers were slaughtered in Sandy Hook. In both of these instances, the same weapon was used: an AR–15 semiautomatic assault rifle. And Congress still has taken no action to end gun violence. Mr. Speaker, there have been more than three dozen moments of silence related to gun violence since the Sandy Hook massacre. There have been zero moments of action. As those of us who are married or have children know, the silent treatment doesn’t work at home. Well, it surely isn’t working in Congress. There are dozens of reasonable gun safety bills pending in this esteemed legislature, but the majority party is giving the American people the silent treatment. NRA: No Republican action. Meanwhile, between the moments of silence, around 7,000 children have been killed by guns since 2012. NRA: No Republican action. Let us take action on Mr. CICILLINE ’s assault weapon ban to end the flood of new semiautomatic assault weapons onto the streets. Let us take action on Mr. THOMP SON’s bill to strengthen the background checks. What is the problem with making sure that we check each person’s background? Does the NRA say that that is wrong, too? There is no Republican action. Let us take action on my Safer Neighborhoods Gun Buyback Act to encourage people to safely, freely make the economic decision to selfdisarm and dispose of most of their violent weapons. Mr. Speaker, the NRA spends tens of millions of dollars in our elections. I received a grade of F. It is the first F that I have ever gotten that I was proud of. What do the American people get? They get no Republican action. Let us end the silence of inaction. 
GUN VIOLENCE SURVIVORS HELP CHANGE THE DIRECTION OF OUR COUNTRY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, today marks 1 month since the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida; 1 month since we lost 14 students and 3 teachers in yet another senseless act of gun violence; 1 month since the survivors inside those hallways have seen their lives changed forever. The survivors and the grieving families are not just grieving their loss. They are helping to change the direction of this Congress and the direction of this country. Mr. Speaker, I am leaving from here to go join the thousands of students who have descended upon the Capitol today, whose leadership will help guide the direction of this country, and who understand that 1 month after the horrific shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School—1 month in—and this Congress has failed to act. There are thousands out there today. There will be hundreds of thousands and millions more in the weeks ahead. The community that I represent, Mr. Speaker, will not be defined in the future by the tragedy that happened at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. It will be defined by the leadership of the student survivors who are inspiring a nation and helping to take us to a place where children can feel safe going to school in the morning and parents can know that when they take their kids to school in the morning, they will be able to pick them up safely at the end of the day. That is the result of this tragedy. That is what this is going to mean for our country. We are going to follow the lead of these student leaders. They are an inspiration to us. They are an inspiration to all of us, and I am off to join them now. f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER Pastor Rodney David Cannon, Frostproof Church of God, Frostproof, Florida, offered the following prayer: Creator God in Heaven, we thank You for this great Nation and for placing us in it for such a time as this. We humbly ask for Your wisdom and guidance in leading as we lay down our titles and take up the servant leader’s towel. May we honor You by serving those across the aisle, across the street, and those around the world. Protect those who are protecting us. In the name of Your Son, Jesus, who taught us to pray by saying: Our Father, which art in heaven, hallowed be Thy name. Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done in Earth as it is in Heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil: For Thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, forever. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WILLIAMS led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING PASTOR RODNEY DAVID CANNON The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to welcome Rodney David Cannon as our congressional guest chaplain today, not only one of our prominent pastors in the district, but also our mayor in Frostproof, Florida. Born in Kansas, raised in Fort Meade, and having lived all over Polk County, Rodney settled down in his new hometown of Frostproof, where he lives with his wife, Lindsey, and their children. As a child, Rodney lived in Highland City, Bartow, and eventually Fort Meade, where he graduated high school in 1995. After graduation, Rodney accepted a music scholarship and began his higher education journey. First he attended Brevard Community College, then transferred to Lee University in Cleveland, Tennessee. Throughout their 15year marriage, Rodney and Lindsey have lived in various places. Rodney served as a youth pastor in Fort Meade, Winter Haven, Lakeland, Tampa, and Englewood before planting a church in the Daytona area. After 2 years there, the opportunity came for Rodney to become a senior pastor in Frostproof. It was also in 2015 that Rodney decided to run for city council. He won the seat that year by only 20 votes. In his first city council meeting, he was elected by his peers to serve as vice mayor. During that first year on the council, Rodney was able to save the city residents and businesses hundreds of thousands of dollars by working hard to keep the volunteer fire department open. In 2016, he was elected to serve as mayor after only 1 year on the council, and the next year, reelected to serve another 1year term as mayor. Thank you, Pastor Cannon, for all you do for the Frostproof community. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, it has been 1 month since the tragic shooting in Parkland, and today students in Hawaii and all across the country are joining hands and raising their voices to honor the 17 lives lost on that day and the 7,000 children whose lives have been lost since the 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook. They are walking out today to demand action that will help to prevent these horrific tragedies and improve the safety and security of our schools. Later today, we are going to be voting on a bill that I have cosponsored, the STOP School Violence Act. This bill or any other single bill is not going to solve everything, but it will help prevent school violence by implementing measures developed after Sandy Hook that support training for teachers, students, school personnel, and local law enforcement to better identify early warning signs of violence and increase coordination between schools and local law enforcement. In addition, we also need to take action on things like closing the gun show and online loopholes and requiring universal background checks for anyone seeking to purchase a gun. These are provisions that have overwhelming bipartisan support both here in Congress and across the country. The time for action is long overdue. Let’s bring these bills to the floor for a vote. 
AUSTIN, TEXAS, IS THE NUMBER ONE PLACE TO LIVE IN AMERICA (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to recognize a city in Texas’ 25th Congressional District for being named the number one place to live in all of America. That city would be none other than our great State’s capital, Austin, Texas. Cities from all over the Nation are scored based on their job market, their value, quality of life, desirability, and net migration. With a population of almost 2 million people and an additional 50 new residents every single day, Austin is one of the fastest growing cities. It is no wonder Austin secured the number one spot. In addition to its unleashed economic potential, young families are relocating to central Texas for something they can’t get anywhere else: the ability to experience living in a big city with a booming economy that also provides the warmth and friendliness of a small town is what makes Austin one of a kind. Momandpop shops down the road are able to open their doors, hire more Texans, and pay their employees more due to an overhaul of our Nation’s Tax Code. The truth is Austin is just now seeing the fruits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and I am excited to watch Austin continue to thrive because of it. Texas is the greatest State in America, and Austin is its leadoff hitter. May God bless Texas. May God bless this great Nation. f 
IN APPRECIATION OF TERRY MICHALSKE, DIRECTOR OF THE SAVANNAH RIVER NATIONAL LABORATORY (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I greatly appreciate Dr. Terry Michalske, who is the Executive Vice President and Director of the Department of Energy’s Savannah River National Laboratory, located at the Savannah River site in South Carolina’s Second Congressional District. Today is Dr. Michalske’s last day as director. I am grateful to thank him for his leadership of this critical national laboratory. The Savannah River National Laboratory conducts research and development, focusing on legacy waste cleanup, national security, and clean energy. Dr. Michalske has more than 30 years of experience in these fields. He holds seven patents, has authored 90 journal publications, and also collaborated on several books. Dr. Michalske also coordinates with the Department of Energy to support the Savannah River site as a leading national laboratory and regional producer of jobs. Also, congratulations to Dr. Vahid Majidi, who will succeed Dr. Michalske. As a former staff member at the site myself, I am grateful for the opportunity to represent the Savannah River site in Congress. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Mr. Speaker, I thank Secretary Rex Tillerson for his service, and best wishes for continued success for Secretary of State designate Mike Pompeo. 
RECOGNIZING MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS AWARENESS WEEK (Ms. LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week, which is March 11 through 17. Each year, activists, physicians, and policymakers come together to spread awareness about this disease and to salute the healthcare professionals and researchers who are dedicated to finding treatments and a cure for this debilitating disease. Since 2008, I have introduced a bipartisan resolution recognizing the goals and ideals of MS Awareness Week. That is H. Res. 176. MS is an unpredictable and incurable disease that my family and hundreds of thousands of families across our Nation experience every day. My sister, Mildred, has lived with MS for more than 40 years. Her courage and the courage of 2 million people living with MS around the world inspire my efforts to bring more research for treatment and a cure. As a member of the House Health and Human Services Appropriations Subcommittee, I promise to continue fighting for increased funding to find a cure, and I hope all of my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, help us in this effort. 
HONORING HEROISM DURING WORLD WAR II (Mr. PALAZZO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Granville Crane of Gulfport, Mississippi, and the rest of the crew onboard the USS Indianapolis for their acts of heroism during World War II. The USS Indianapolis received secret orders in July of 1945 to proceed to Tinian Island, transiting the Pacific unaccompanied, carrying components of the Little Boy atomic bomb. Leaving Tinian, a Japanese submarine spotted the Indianapolis steaming towards Guam and fired two torpedos, striking and sinking the Indianapolis within 12 minutes. Approximately 300 crewmen went down with the ship, and the rest spent the next 3
1⁄2 days in the water. Of the 1,200 crewmen, there were only 317 survivors. On behalf of Mr. Granville Crane and the rest of the USS Indianapolis crew, I encourage my fellow Members to support H.R. 4107, the USS Indianapolis Congressional Gold Medal Act, which honors the crew of the USS Indianapolis with Congressional Gold Medals for their important role and dedicated service to our country during World War II. CALLING FOR ACTION ON GUN SAFETY (Ms. SHEAPORTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. SHEAPORTER. Mr. Speaker, I just returned from outside these doors where there are thousands of young people who are calling for action on gun safety. I marched out with my Democratic colleagues, and I really wish that my Republican friends across the aisle had joined us in this, but I will describe what I saw. I saw a lot of very, very upset young people who are begging this House and the Senate to make change to protect them. They no longer want to live under this threat. There was one sign in particular that caught my eye. A young girl was standing there with a sign, quietly, and it said, ‘‘Am I next?’’ So, Mr. Speaker, we have to ask ourselves that question: Are we next? They don’t want another moment of silence. They want action. They want it now. I congratulate them for their efforts. When 18yearolds are leading the country with moral courage, I think it is time for us to respond in kind. f 
b1215 ACTIVIST JUDGES ABUSE THEIR AUTHORITY (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, activist judges have joined liberal Democrats to stop President Trump’s policies. Federal trial judges have abused their authority by issuing almost two dozen nationwide injunctions to block the Trump administration’s actions. According to Attorney General Jeff Sessions, these injunctions have far exceeded their historic use. In fact, the number of injunctions surpasses all those approved in the past 200 years. Nationwide injunctions encourage forum shopping by opponents of the President’s policies who file claims in courts with liberal judges. These judges place their personal views and politics above the rule of law. They do a real disservice to the justice system. It is time to rein in these activist judges. The people’s respect for the law is at stake. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BALTASAR CORRADA DEL RIO (Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize and honor the life of Baltasar Corrada del Rio, Puerto Rico’s 13th Resident Commissioner in Congress who passed away this Sunday at 82 years old. Mr. Corrada del Rio was born and raised in Puerto Rico and was a founding member of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus. He served in this body from 1977 to 1985. He also served as mayor of San Juan, secretary of State, and associate justice for the Puerto Rico Supreme Court. Baltasar Corrada del Rio was a true statesman. His career exemplifies the qualities we all seek in our public servants: dedication, honesty, and love of our country. His life will be remembered for his unwavering support for American citizens of Puerto Rico and our quest for equality. Mr. Speaker, I pledge to continue Baltasar Corrada del Rio’s work during my time in Congress and ask the House to join me in expressing condolences to his family and our profound gratitude for his years of service to Puerto Rico and in this Congress. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4545, FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS EXAMINATION FAIRNESS AND REFORM ACT; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1116, TAKING ACCOUNT OF INSTITUTIONS WITH LOW OPERATION RISK ACT OF 2017; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4263, REGULATION AT IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 773 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Colorado is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule and the underlying legislation. The rule makes in order three bills reported favorably by the Committee on Financial Services. All three bills were the subject of multiple hearings before the Committee on Financial Services. All three bills were reported favorably by a bipartisan majority without amendment. The rule ensures that each of these provisions are fully paid for and makes in order an amendment offered by the Democrat ranking member on the committee. Mr. Speaker, I have the privilege of working with Chairman HENSARLING to bring many Financial Services Committee bills to the floor for debate. I will be here again tomorrow doing the same thing. I am always amazed at how bipartisan these votes are in the Financial Services Committee. Once again, we have before us today components of the Financial CHOICE Act. As I have already noted, each of these bills received bipartisan support in the committee. I anticipate that these bills will receive a bipartisan vote on the House floor as well. Mr. Speaker, it is encouraging to hear that the Senate is working hard toward their own bill overhauling DoddFrank. It is about time. The House has already done its work under the leadership of Chairman HENSARLING . We passed the Financial CHOICE Act nearly a year ago. But I certainly understand that the Senate has its own ideas about financial reform. I would encourage the Senate to look at the roster of bills that we have passed unpacking the CHOICE Act, as they demonstrate a clear bipartisan roadmap to overhauling our financial regulatory reform effort. We continue to provide that roadmap today. The first bill made in order by this rule is sponsored by my good friend, the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. TIPTON. H.R. 1116, the TAILOR Act, is commonsense legislation that I am pleased to cosponsor. One of the biggest complaints I hear as I travel the Fourth Congressional District of Colorado is how the Federal Government stamps out cookiecutter regulations without a thought as to how much variation occurs in industries from State to State. For example, how do Washington regulators take into consideration the unique business model of AMG National Trust headquartered in Colorado? Do they know better than my good friend Earl Wright, who cofounded the bank in 1972, about the banking needs of his customers? Are they able to differentiate between AMG’s needs and the needs of a bank in another State or on Wall Street? Typically, the answer is no. They do not model banking regulations to the particular differences from State to State. But even inside a State there is diversity within industries. The needs of AMG National Trust’s customers vary from the needs of other community banks in my district; such as, the Bank of Burlington or Community State Bank, both of which are on the Eastern Plains. The TAILOR Act solves this problem. It requires regulatory actions to take into account each particular institution’s business model and risk profile. Mr. Speaker, this change would be an innovative regulatory reform. It would ensure that overarching goals of accountability to investors and depositors are maintained while providing flexibility in the application of the regulations to each institution. Independent community banks and credit unions have been hit hard by DoddFrank’s wrongheaded approach to financial services regulation. In 2016, former Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said: ‘‘ . . . when it comes to bank regulation and supervision, one size does not fit all’’—and—‘‘rules and supervisory approaches should be tailored to different types of institutions such as community banks.’’ The TAILOR Act will do just that. It will reorient our regulatory structure and free up our community lending institutions to increase their investments in our communities, creating jobs and opportunities for Americans. This rule also makes in order H.R. 4263, the Regulation A+ Improvement Act. This regulation was the result of the JOBS Act passed by Congress in 2012. While Regulation A had been around for many years, it caused startups to enter into a cumbersome process for raising money from certain types of investors. The process is so inefficient that most startups avoided it altogether. Regulation A+ revamped the regulation and raised the amount of money that entrepreneurs could raise in their startup fundraising round. Crucially, it also changed the type of investor who could invest in a startup. Prior to the JOBS Act, essentially only accredited investors could participate in the first fundraising round. The problem is that, according to research done by Forbes magazine, accredited investors only made up 1 percent of the population, thereby excluding 99 percent of Americans. The JOBS Act changed the regulation to allow nonaccredited investors to participate in a startup’s initial fundraising round. Expanding the pool of investors has proven to be a success, and the Regulation A+ Improvement Act continues reforming this area of investment regulation by further increasing the threshold investment amount. This bill will ensure greater access to capital for entrepreneurs seeking investors in their startup. Finally, this rule makes in order H.R. 4545, the Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act. This bill establishes deadlines by which certain regulatory decisions must be made and provides for a more transparent appeals process. Under current law, financial institutions may appeal regulatory determinations to an intra agency appellate process. The Financial Services Committee found during hearings that the appeals process was not as impartial as it was intended to be. This bill removes the appeals process from the original examining agency and creates an independent examination review director who is able to review regulatory determinations. To ensure timeliness of regulatory reviews, the bill requires the final reports from agencies are completed within 60 days. The combination of a better appeals process and deadline for agency action gives community financial institutions certainty as a regulator evaluates their practices. 
b1230 Certainty in the regulatory arena will ensure that lending institutions do not needlessly restrict capital investments due to the unpredictability of a regulatory agency’s decisionmaking process. These three bills continue to advance smart financial regulatory reforms that the Committee on Financial Services has been known for under Chairman HENSARLING . Washington’s cookie cutter approach to regulation hinders investments in Colorado and across the United States. Mr. Speaker, I support these measures, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this rule. This rule provides for the consideration of three bills out of the Financial Services Committee. Before I turn to the bills, I want to talk about the urgent issues that are not scheduled for floor time this week. Why aren’t we debating appropriations bills to keep the government funded through the end of this fiscal year? Just 2 weeks away from another government shutdown, yet, instead of discussing how we can keep government open through the end of the year, we are debating unrelated bills. We are halfway through the current fiscal year and we are forcing a month aftermonth crisis of government funding. This is no way to run a government or a business. Agencies need certainty. Our constituents need to know that they can rely on government services and the security of our Nation. We should be discussing appropriation bills now. In addition, there are over 800,000 DACA recipients, or Dreamers, that don’t have any certainty, whose ability to work legally hinges upon a court decision that is on appeal. In my home State of Colorado, there are over 15,000 Dreamers from countries far and wide, young, aspiring Americans who grew up in our country and know no other country, who are able to work legally today, but who risk the expiration at any moment by the whim of a court. Every day, over 100 DACA recipients lose their protected status or it expires. We need to take up, in this body, a permanent solution for Dreamers, a pathway to citizenship so that they don’t have to rely on the whims of the court system to protect them. Many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have demanded that Speaker RYAN bring an immigration bill to the floor. In fact, in the past, he said he would do so—last week, the week before. Yet we still haven’t brought forward the Dream Act, or the Hope Act, or any of the bills that I am proud to cosponsor, that are bipartisan, that would address the urgent issue of how we can ensure that Dreamers are able to work legally. Even as we speak now, there are students on the Capitol lawn participating in an organized walkout in support of ending school gun violence. Students in Colorado are joining as well. I sent a letter to be read to the students who are doing that because I hope that we agree that no young person should have to fear going to school, nor should any parent have to fear sending their child to school. I strongly support sending more resources to schools that create supportive environments, that foster emotional and mental health. And, yes, we need to do more on gun violence, including universal background checks. So why aren’t we discussing those bills here today? In addition, the administration’s budget eliminated title IVA of the Every Student Succeeds Act, which is the very kind of support and enrichment grant that helps schools support health and mental health services and counseling. So in the administration’s own budget, it would undermine our ability to keep schools safe. School safety funding is not a replacement for gun safety measures, but it can help reduce violence by supporting our children in school and creating a safe learning environment. Those are some of the pressing issues that we could be considering; I dare say that our constituents are demanding that we consider. I dare say our continued ignoring of these issues is one of the reasons that the congressional approval rating is so low. Nobody is calling my office asking for these obscure bills today on regulations of big banks. I am getting calls from constituents about reducing gun violence in schools; finding a permanent solution for DACA recipients; keeping government open, and protecting the integrity of our elections from foreign interference. My colleagues must have short memories because we just forget how hard the financial meltdown of 2008 was on the country’s middle class. While Wall Street banks were getting taxpayer bailouts, nearly 7 million Americans lost their homes, workers lost thousands of dollars in retirement accounts, and our unemployment rate spiked to 10 percent. Since DoddFrank was signed into law, we have avoided another major meltdown. The banking system is strong again because of the Dodd Frank reforms, yet my Republican colleagues continue to bring bills to the floor that are aimed at crippling financial regulators to put banks ahead of the safety of the financial system, consumers, and the economy. H.R. 1116, the TAILOR Act, would require that Federal regulators tailor any action to limit the burdens on financial institutions. What this bill does is force Federal regulators, those in charge of protecting consumers and our system from risk, to conduct a timeconsuming reanalysis limiting what they look at to the burdens on financial institutions, the very protections that were put in place in Dodd Frank and, instead, change those to financial institutions, not to ensure consumer protection, to reduce costs rather than ensure protection. It is almost like you are giving such authority to the tailors that they cut up your whole suit, and that is not what we want. If there are adjustments that need to be made, we should make them through statute, not give broad authority to government regulators to shred consumer protections. H.R. 4545, the Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act, would establish a new Office of Independent Examination Review, yet more bureaucracy and paperwork, and have financial institutions appeal and postpone supervisory determinations, creating yet more Republican red tape, more big government committees that the Republicans seem so fond of at the cost to taxpayers. This is, again, one of those bills that could have been easily tailored to provide targeted improvements to the exam process, but, instead, the Republicans want to set up more government committees and more red tape. H.R. 4545 takes away the financial regulators’ ability to supervise financial institutions, instead, creating new government panels that risk putting consumers at additional risk. The last bill being considered under this rule is H.R. 4263, the Regulation A+ Improvement Act. This bill would increase the annual exemption threshold under the SEC’s Regulation A+ for companies to sell initial public offerings while being exempt from registration and disclosure requirements. The purpose of the JOBS Act, as my colleague from Colorado mentioned, is to help startups and small businesses access capital by easing some security regulations. Regulation A+, unlike these other two proposals, actually reduces regulations, so it is a good bill. I plan on supporting it. It would make it easier for smaller, nonpublic companies to access capital by allowing them to offer shares to the general public. So two bills setting up new bureaucracies and new Republican red tape commissions that tie up government, and one that actually reduces regulation, which I think will have more Democratic support. Currently, a company offering up to $50 million in securities is exempt from SEC registration requirements. This bill is very simple. It just raises the threshold from $50 million to $75 million. Compliance costs are very expensive. So for a company in that range, they are often prohibited from accessing capital markets. The SEC has the authority to raise the offering limit, something that Congress gave the SEC the authority to do. The JOBS Act requires the SEC to review the limit every 2 years, and if they decide not to increase it, the SEC has to report to Congress. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. BUCK) for the time, and I appreciate consideration of the rule here today. Mr. Speaker, both of the bills being considered under this rule amount to real relief for our Nation’s community banks and credit unions. H.R. 1116, the TAILOR Act, which passed out of committee with bipartisan support, will direct Federal financial regulators to tailor their regulations to the risk profile and business model of our institutions, meaning that regulation intended for the largest financial institutions will no longer burden the smallest of our institutions. Our community banks and credit unions have long suffered the consequences and costs of complying with extensive heavyhanded and onerous regulations. They were created after the 2008 financial crisis. While many of these regulations are necessary for financial institutions of all sizes, many are not. Complying with manifold regulations has significantly hampered the ability of our community institutions to offer credit to small businesses, help families get a mortgage, and extend loans to retirees and the recently employed. As one community banker wrote to me: ‘‘We have seen time and again the impact of this regulatory environment consume many hours and resources of our compliance, credit, and audit teams despite the relatively simple business model we follow.’’ By requiring financial regulators to consider the cost of compliance on smaller institutions as well as whether or not a regulation is necessary for an institution based on the size and risk profile of that institution, the TAILOR Act will go a long way to alleviate the burden of heavy regulation on our community banks. In turn, this will lead to renewed economic growth for our local communities that rely heavily on the presence of community banks and credit unions in their own hometowns. The other bill being considered under this rule, H.R. 4545, which also came out of committee with bipartisan support, the Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act, will provide certainty for community banks and credit unions that they will have independent recourse should a bank examination result in a determination that they disagree with. If a bank or a credit union receives an examination decision that it finds unfavorable, the only recourse it has under the current structure is to appeal that decision directly to the same regulator that arrived at that decision in the first place. The Exam Fairness bill included in this rule will change that reality by creating a new Office of Independent Examination Review that will serve as an independent appeals office, providing banks and credit unions with uniform and predictable avenues to appeal examination determinations of significant consequence. At this independent office, sober review of the agency’s determination, transparency, and timeliness will be paramount, meaning that financial institutions will no longer have to wade through long delays in their appeals process and will no longer have to fear retaliation from a financial regulator because they appealed the examination results. Mr. Speaker, this amounts to new assurances to community banks and credit unions that they will have fair recourse in the examination process should they disagree with an examiner’s findings. I would like to thank the Speaker for advancing this rule. I urge my colleagues to support the rule so that our community banks and credit unions can realize real relief. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Once again, Congress is spending our limited time here on the floor debating issues that are not being asked for by our constituents, creating new government commissions and Washington red tape that gets in the way of our economic growth and success. We have spent countless hours debating bills that the Senate probably won’t even take up instead of the items we need to do like appropriations bills, where we are 2 weeks from the expiration of government funding. Apparently, these bills are rushed to the floor to score political points for special interests instead of dealing with the over 800,000 Dreamers whose ability to work legally hangs in the balance of a court decision. We are considering legislation that creates new commissions and red tape instead of focusing on how to put more money in the pockets of the middle class. I strongly urge my colleague to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule and the previous question so we can bring the bipartisan Dream Act forward and finally show that, yes, the House of Representatives can do its job. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. It really is fairly simple. Washington’s regulations tend to strangle economic growth. What usually starts as a dogood effort quickly devolves into a ‘‘Washington knows best’’ regulatory regime. Instead of recognizing the unique needs of businesses around this country, the Federal Government usually stamps out a cookiecutter regulation that purports to be the solution to a problem but, in reality, almost always has unintended consequences that reduce the freedom of Americans and reduces economic activity in our communities. The bills before us today take a balanced approach to regulation, maintaining overarching safeguards while making commonsense reforms that free our community banks and credit unions to increase investment in our communities. I promised Coloradans that I would work to reduce the role of Federal Government in their lives. These three bills today do just that. I thank my fellow Coloradan, Mr. TIPTON , for introducing two of these measures. I thank Chairman HENSARLING for bringing these bills to the floor. I urge passage for the rule and the underlying rule. The material previously referred to by Mr. POLIS is as follows: 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, 
asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4909) to reauthorize the grant program for school security in the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4909 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Student, Teachers, and Officers Preventing School Violence Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘STOP School Violence Act of 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P OE of Texas). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 4909, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in strong support of H.R. 4909, the STOP School Violence Act of 2018. Violence at our schools makes students feel vulnerable in a place where they should feel comfortable to learn, grow, and be happy. To curb violence at our Nation’s schools, the STOP School Violence Act provides a multilayered approach to identify threats and prevent violence from taking place on school grounds. It provides muchneeded resources to train students, teachers, and law enforcement officers on how to recognize and quickly respond to warning signs, and provides funding for technology to keep schools safe. Eighty percent of school shooters told someone of their violent plans or exhibited warning signs. The bill before us today will ensure that students, 
teachers, and law enforcement will learn how to identify atrisk behaviors, properly assess threats, and intervene appropriately before a tragedy strikes. The STOP School Violence Act provides funding for training to prevent student violence against others and self, including training for local law enforcement officers, school personnel, and students. Prevention training gives students and school personnel the ability to recognize and respond quickly to warning signs of school violence and includes active shooter training. The bill provides funding for technology and equipment to improve school security and prevent attacks. This includes the development and operation of anonymous reporting systems, such as mobile apps, a hotline, and a website. Funding may also be used for metal detectors, locks, lighting, and other technologies to keep schools safe. The bill also supports the acquisition and installation of technology for expedited notification of local law enforcement during an emergency. The legislation also contains funding for school threat assessment and crisis intervention teams so that school personnel can respond to threats before they materialize. Finally, the STOP School Violence Act provides funding to support law enforcement coordination efforts and, in particular, those officers who already staff schools. The version of the bill before us today is the result of a collaborative effort of many of my colleagues who worked with Mr. RUTHERFORD to incorporate many of their ideas. I would like to point out the important contributions of Representatives SUSAN BROOKS , C OFFMAN , C HABOT , GRANGER , RODNEY DAVIS, MESSER , and BOST, including many key elements of legislation that they have introduced into this bill that have made the bill stronger. Finally, I want to thank Mr. RUTHER FORD and the bipartisan group of cosponsors for their work on this important bill, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4909. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4909, the STOP School Violence Act, as amended. But I do so with serious concerns about some of its provisions, and mostly about what the bill fails to do. H.R. 4909 would authorize $50 million annually for grants administered by the Department of Justice to fund various training and other initiatives intended to enhance school safety. It would authorize another $25 million annually to be used for other related purposes, including physical improvements, such as metal detectors, better locks, and systems for schools to notify law enforcement of emergencies. The bill is fine as far as it goes, and we should certainly do more to make our schools safer, but it is shameful that we must do so because of our failure to reduce the threat of gun violence to children. It should be unacceptable to all of us that we must take steps to train staff and students to protect themselves against these types of incidents instead of spending more money on actually educating our young people. This bill does not include any provisions to strengthen our gun laws or to help keep guns out of the hands of those who should not possess them. Evidence and experience tell us that we must establish universal background checks instead of the flawed system we now have. We should encourage States to adopt laws providing for extreme risk protection orders, and we must ban assault weapons and highcapacity ammunition magazines. These steps would help prevent not only school shootings, but would reduce the daily toll of gun violence in our communities. None of these critical provisions are included in this bill, which was never examined by the Judiciary Committee either through a hearing or a legislative markup session. Had we taken these steps, which we could have done quickly in the exactly 1 month since the tragic Parkland, Florida, shooting, we might have produced a much better bill for floor consideration. The suspension version of the bill does include an explicit prohibition against the funds being used on firearms or firearms training. Because President Trump and others in the administration have indicated that they believe arming teachers is part of the solution to this problem, it was important to my colleagues and to me that we be assured that this program, at least, will not be used for such a purpose which would actually endanger students, not make them safer. However, we should have addressed serious concerns that have come to our attention with respect to the anonymous tip reporting systems and threat assessment and intervention teams that would be funded by this bill. We want people to report information about someone who may present a danger to students, but the bill does not include requirements that these systems provide adequate due process protections for students against whom a report is made. I have longstanding concerns about the increased use of law enforcement in schools. History tells us that, without proper training, use of such policies can have a disproportionate impact on students of color and students with disabilities. In the decades since Columbine, when the Nation rushed to increase school based law enforcement efforts, thousands of vulnerable students have entered the schooltoprison pipeline for conduct that should be treated as routine behavior violations. I fear, therefore, that efforts to increase schoolbased law enforcement without guardrails to ensure it is done well and based on strong evidence may repeat the risks of the past. My concern is only heightened by the Trump administration’s ongoing efforts to remove important tools to ensure States and school districts understand their civil rights obligations when disciplining students. I urge Secretary DeVos and Attorney General Sessions to maintain current discipline and school resource officer guidance to ensure implementation of this bill does not exacerbate the schooltoprison pipeline. We should have had the opportunity to address these important issues through consideration in committee, but we did not. Like the sponsors of this bill, I want Congress to do more to make our schools safer. Therefore, I will support this bill today, not withstanding the serious concerns I have outlined, with the hope that we will address these concerns going forward. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. RUTHERFORD ), a member of the Judiciary Committee and the chief sponsor of this legislation. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, today the House of Representatives has a chance to take an important first step towards keeping our students and our teachers safe by passing the STOP School Violence Act. This bill is the result of bipartisan work of Representative HALROGERS , Representative TEDDEUTCH , and also Representative KILMER . We also incorporated, as we mentioned earlier, excellent ideas and key elements from legislation by Chairwoman GRANGER , Representatives SUSAN BROOKS , CHABOT , RODNEY DAVIS, M ESSER , and BOST. I want to thank all of them for their work and commitment to this very important issue. I would also like to recognize in a very special way the dedication and passion of the parents and members of Sandy Hook Promise, who have been integral to us moving this bill forward. I really cannot say enough about that organization. As a career law enforcement officer and sheriff for 12 years in my hometown of Jacksonville, Florida, I know firsthand the importance of communities working together to spot early warning signs of violence. This is why this bill invests in early intervention and prevention programs in our local schools, so that our communities and law enforcement can be partners in preventing these horrific acts from occurring. We need to give students, teachers, and law enforcement the tools and training they need to identify warning signs and to know who to contact, and 
provide them an anonymous tip source to provide that information. Now, I should point out here that those receiving the tips, the agencies that are charged with providing due process, are the ones who should provide due process here, not the tipster, not the child who may be calling in to talk about an issue that he thinks is important to law enforcement. b1315 That is their responsibility to provide due process to the individuals involved. This bill also gives funding for physical enhancements to help harden the target on our school campuses. I know from my law enforcement experience that security does require a multilayered approach. Our bill supports one very important layer of security for our schools. There is still much more work to be done, but the best way to keep our students and teachers safe is to give them the tools and the training to recognize those warning signs to prevent violence from ever entering our school grounds. This bill aims to do just that, Mr. Speaker. As I used to tell my community in northeast Florida when I was sheriff, I do not want to be the best first responder to an active shooter event. I want to prevent that occurrence before it happens, and that is the goal of the STOP School Violence Act. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEIDER ). Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4909, the STOP School Violence Act. Mr. Speaker, we have a fundamental responsibility to protect our young people from violence, and this package of school security improvements is an important step. In particular, this bill includes a bipartisan provision that I introduced with my friend and colleague from Illinois, Congressman MIKEBOST, to help schools acquire and install panic buttons in classrooms for use in emergency situations. Mr. BOSTand I first introduced the Securing Our Schools Act in January, and I am proud of the support we have built from both sides of the aisle which helped get this provision included in today’s school safety package. This technology will ensure students and teachers have a more immediate method of notifying law enforcement and first responders in case of a medical emergency, active school shooter incident, or natural disaster. All congressional offices have similar emergency buttons. If this technology is good enough for Members of Congress, we should be doing the same to keep our young people safe where they learn. While this bill represents progress, it is far from an adequate solution to the threat of gun violence. We now need to build on this bipartisan momentum for other urgent solutions to improve gun safety and reduce gun violence. This includes universal background checks; restrictions on the sale of bump stocks, assault weapons, and highcapacity magazines; and research into the causes of gun violence. Here in this Congress, we have the ability to save lives with commonsense legislation. We must act, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. It is a good start. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ), who is a cosponsor of this legislation and former chairman of the House Appropriations Committee. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the STOP School Violence Act. I want to congratulate Sheriff RUTHERFORD , the original sponsor of the bill, for his dedicated work on this project, among others. In the immediate wake of last month’s tragedy in Parkland, more than 15 students in my home district in eastern Kentucky were arrested. Thankfully, our students and local law enforcement acted swiftly to prevent a copycat event in our own schools. As our Nation battles this epidemic of school violence, it is imperative that we utilize our available resources to stop tragic events before they occur. But, unfortunately, too many students and officials don’t have the tools they need to successfully act under similar situations. This bill takes necessary and commonsense steps to prevent school bullying, suicide, and violence, providing grant funding to States to implement proven and evidencebased trainings that detect threats before they come to fruition. In most cases of school suicides and shootings, at least one other person knew of the plan and failed to report it. So these appalling events are avoidable, but we must give our schools the tools and resources they need, and this bill would do just that. Enhancing early detection, prevention, and coordination with law enforcement will save lives. There may not be one single answer to preventing all future violence in schools, but this effort is very much a part of the solution. Mr. Speaker, I was proud to join my colleagues in introducing this bipartisan legislation, and I urge my colleagues to vote for it. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY). Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the STOP School Violence Act. Mark Barden and Nicole Hockley each had a child killed in the first grade classroom at Sandy Hook Elementary School in the district where I live 5 years ago. They and other parents took their grief and formed a group called the Sandy Hook Promise. That group has been working tirelessly for over 5 years now, and the bill we address here today is largely a testament to the hard work that they have put in working with mental health professionals, school officials, and law enforcement to come up with real steps that will help save lives. The STOP School Violence Act will not save every life threatened by gun violence, but it will save some, and we need to do what we can. But let me be very clear. This needs to be the first step of many steps we can and should be taking in this House to address the scourge of gun violence. We have enormous support for bipartisan comprehensive background checks, for a Fix NICS bill, and for banning of bump stocks. This needs to be the first of a long line of steps that this Congress owes to the American people and owes to the students gathered on the lawn of the Capitol today and in every classroom throughout America. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), who is a member of the Judiciary Committee and chairman of the Small Business Committee. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman GOODLATTE , Majority Leader MCCARTHY , and Congressman R UTHER FORD for their leadership on this important legislation. Over the years, our Nation’s schools have become soft targets for any wouldbe killer who has gotten access to a gun. We need to do a better job of protecting both students and faculty from these increasingly frequent threats. This legislation combines school safety provisions included in two bills, one originally introduced by Mr. RUTHERFORD , and the other by me. Together this proposal represents a collection of commonsense solutions to better help protect our students, our teachers, and other faculty in our schools. H.R. 4909 reauthorizes the COPS Secure Our Schools grant program and more than doubles its annual budget from $30 million to $75 million annually. Of that $75 million, not less than $50 million per year will be made available for evidencebased strategies and programs to prevent violence in public or private schools over the next decade. Among the security measures for which these grants may be used include additional training to ensure the health and wellbeing of students, the development of more robust threat reporting systems, and investments in more advanced security technologies. Additionally, the COPS Secure Our Schools grants can be used in conjunction with the COPS Hiring Program to ensure that our schools have both the security measures and personnel in place to prevent future violence. On Monday, U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced that the Department of Justice will use the COPS Hiring Program to increase the number of school resource officers nationwide. The legislation we are considering 
today could help that effort by allowing schools to hire retired police officers to provide security if the Department of Justice determines that such plans would provide a significant improvement in school security. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Dan Hils, president of the Cincinnati FOP, for actively engaging on the issue of school safety and for bringing these types of forwardthinking solutions to my attention. He has been a tremendous resource throughout this process. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleague to support this measure. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ), who is a sponsor of this legislation. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from New York. Mr. Speaker, the trauma that my community in Parkland, Florida, experienced was not unique. Gun violence tears apart American communities on a daily basis. So, no, what happened on February 14 when 14 students and three teachers were hunted in their schools with an AR–15 assault rifle by a former student, that wasn’t unique. But the problem of gun violence in America is a uniquely American problem. It is an epidemic. It is a complex problem. There are many facets. But we know what we need to do, and I am committed to taking any step to getting any new policy across the finish line that will make our kids safer. This bill, the STOP School Violence Act, is a good bill. It will not solve our gun problem. It won’t ban bump stocks or require Americans to be 21 to buy a gun, fix our broken background check system, or get weapons of war—the weapons of choice for mass shooters— off our streets and out of our communities. But it will help troubled students who need help get help, and it will help teachers and law enforcement identify potential threats before it is too late. Before we vote, I would like to make a few things clear. First, this isn’t a response to the tragedy at Marjory Stoneman Douglas. In fact, Congressman RUTHERFORD and I introduced this bill a week before the shooting. The programs in this bill are based on rigorous, evidencebased evaluation. They are proven to help reduce isolation and identify kids who need help. We had no idea at the time that we wouldn’t be able to move fast enough to stop this tragedy. We had no idea that we would have an urgent need to help get more American schools access to these programs. But since Congress has failed the American people by ignoring the deadly scourge of gun violence, since we failed the families of Stoneman Douglas just like we failed the families of Sandy Hook, Columbine, and so many others, we owe it to students and teachers across this country to at least give them tools to help identify dangerous behavior. The failure of Congress to take action in response to gun violence has left the American gun violence debate in a ridiculous place. Armed teachers in every hallway? Is that what we want education to be in America? No. I am glad this bill includes a specific prohibition against the use of grant dollars to arm school personnel, including teachers, or to train school personnel to use firearms. Since Congress has failed the American people by ignoring the scourge of gun violence and failed the families of Stoneman Douglas, the failure of Congress to take action has left us in this position of debating gun violence where we are hesitant to even take small steps. This is a small and important step. I have heard civil rights concerns related to racial profiling and discrimination associated with threat assessments in anonymous reporting, and I am sensitive to those. Congress should never be in a position to make this serious problem worse with new programs to expand the discrimination already entrenched in our school system and society as a whole. I know the evidence shows that discriminatory discipline in schools can have dramatic, longterm effects on academic performance and wideranging impact. But this bill, Mr. Speaker, does not perpetuate discriminatory policies. Zero tolerance and other questionable discipline policies are not evidence based, and, as such, would not be considered a proper use of grant funds. STOP School Violence program grants are not intended to be used to discipline students. Instead, threat assessment intervention protects potential victims and addresses the underlying problems to make schools safe for everyone. Finally, studies on evidence based school threat assessment intervention practices have shown that these programs actually decrease racial profiling, bullying, suicides, and suspensions. I am proud of the bipartisan work that has gone into this bill, and once we have taken this step—this astonishingly modest yet important first step— we must finally do our jobs and work together to make meaningful changes toward stopping the epidemic of gun violence in this country. I know that this does not go far enough in terms of what we need to do. I understand that. I believe it deeply. But it is an important, bipartisan step that we should take today. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. COMER ). Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, earlier this year, I joined my colleagues from the Kentucky delegation here on the House floor to lead a moment of silence for the victims of a tragic school shooting at Marshall County High School in my district in Kentucky on January 23. Today I am proud to rise in support of the STOP School Violence Act, which I believe will be a critical step forward in preventing future school shootings like the tragedies we witnessed in Marshall County, Kentucky, and, of course, at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. b1330 In the wake of the Marshall County shooting, I heard from the families of victims and other members of the community that their top priority was enhancing physical security, whether that means installing metal detectors, hiring school resource officers, or making other evidencebased improvements to prevent and mitigate school violence. This bill will provide resources to schools so that they can do just that while also supporting training for students, teachers, and local law enforcement to identify and prevent violence in our schools. The Marshall County community is resilient. As we continue to mourn the loss of two young lives in our community along with those in Parkland, we will also fight to protect our students, educators, and communities. I believe the STOP School Violence Act will help defend our schools from those who wish to inflict harm on others, and I urge my colleagues to support this important and bipartisan bill. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining on each side. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Virginia has 8 minutes remaining. The gentleman from New York has 9 minutes remaining. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. BOST). Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4909, the STOP School Violence Act, which includes my bipartisan legislation to increase access to emergency panic buttons in the classroom. I want to thank Mr. RUTHERFORD for his bill before us today, and my friend from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEIDER ) for partnering with me on the school safety language we had included in this bill. As a father and a grandfather, I know firsthand how important it is that our Nation’s children have a safe environment to grow and learn. As a former first responder, I know that response time is vitally important during any emergency situation. This bill makes it much easier for schools to increase their security and provide lifesaving technology to contact first responders immediately when violence or any other emergency occurs. We already have panic buttons to protect our investments at our banks. Well, there is no greater investment in the country than our children. We should be doing the best to protect them, too, and this legislation is a step in the right direction. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), the ranking member of the Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished ranking member, the chairman of the committee, and the proponents of this bill. I acknowledge their commitment and certainly their sincerity. Mr. Speaker, I joined the thousands of young people today on the west side of the Capitol as they came from schools throughout this region to stand for 17 minutes to acknowledge those who lost their lives in Florida at a high school. That should not have been their destiny. It should not have been their destiny to die in a bloody massacre in their school. It should not have been the destiny of those in the Pulse nightclub, Sutherland Springs, Columbine, Las Vegas, Texas Tech, the streets of Houston in my district, Chicago, or any other place. This bill is not about preventing the unsafe use of guns. Guns kill. The young people today made it very clear that they will not stop until we have real gun safety legislation barring the AR–15 and we have universal background checks. At the same time, I believe these bills of our colleagues are important legislative initiatives. So, in tribute to these individuals who have passed, but also the Members, I believe the STOP School Violence Act of 2017 is a ready response to aspects of school safety and security that are very important. One of the unique aspects of this bill that I think should be noted is the language in the bill itself that indicates it is through evidencebased strategies and programs to prevent violence, which may include the use of appropriate technologies. The bill readily acknowledges many aspects of school safety. The AFT and the National School Boards Association are two of the supporters of this legislation. But it does not answer totally the question of the parent who said: ‘‘I didn’t get a chance that morning to say goodbye to my daughter.’’ We must address the question of gun violence. I believe it is important that we put a stop to children evacuating schools, like this one, and for us to be able to address a real, nonpartisan, bipartisan response to the proliferation of guns, whether it means enforcing gun laws, lifting the age to 21, or banning bump stocks, all points we thought the President was supporting but, unfortunately, he is not. I do want to raise the point of the tip line. I think it is extremely important, as long as it is guided by teachers, counselors, and mental health experts. We must be very sure that we do not have racial disparities where the largest percentage of individuals impacted by the tip line may be AfricanAmerican youth, Hispanic youth, or Muslim youth. We know that racial disparities are real because the largest percentage of those who are sent to detention or juvenile centers happen to be African American children, young boys and girls, which I really believe is something that has to stop. In addition, it is important that we comply with civil rights law. I think the advocates of civil rights organizations like the Legal Defense Fund are absolutely right. There must be a standard where the civil rights of these children are not violated on this tip line and that due process is provided for them. We must make a statement here today that, as we support this legislation, we do not intend to support legislation that we skew to be biased toward these young people. These young people in impoverished neighborhoods and schools, Mr. Speaker, deserve to learn as well. But we want safe schools. Those safe schools can be had with the beginning of this infrastructure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman from Texas has expired. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Texas an additional 30 seconds. Ms. JACKSON LEE. We can begin with this question of school safety and a tip line and best evidence and best practices. We can begin with grants to ensure the safety of our schools. We can allow schools to make choices about what will make them more safe. At the same time, we must safeguard our children and their rights. We must answer the cry of the children. We will not finish our task until we have real gun safety legislation. Enough is enough. It is time to act now. I need my Republican brothers and sisters to work with me. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter from the Legal Defense and Education Fund and a news article published in the New York on March 13, 2018. 
NAACP L EGAL DEFENSE AND  EDUCATIONAL FUND, INC., Washington, DC, March 12, 2018. Re H.R. 4909, the STOP School Violence Act of 2018. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : On behalf of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, Inc. (LDF), we write to express our concerns with H.R. 4909, the Student, Teachers, and Officers Preventing School Violence Act of 2018 (the STOP School Violence Act or Act). This bill will fail to achieve its goal of improving school safety and will instead create more dangerous conditions for students, especially students of color. Founded in 1940 by Thurgood Marshall, LDF is the nation’s oldest civil rights law organization. For almost 80 years, LDF has relied on the Constitution and federal and state civil rights laws to pursue equality and justice for African Americans and other people of color. Since the historic U.S. Supreme Court decision in Brown v. Board of Education, which LDF litigated and won, we have continued to represent students of color to ensure they receive quality and equitable educational opportunities. Unfortunately, we all have too much experience dealing with the aftermath of school shootings. After the incidents in Columbine, CO and Sandy Hook, CT, families, school districts, and lawmakers took a variety of actions intended to prevent future tragedies. In studying these actions and their consequences, we can see which efforts work, and which do not. The STOP School Violence Act does not do enough to ensure that effective methods that protect all students are used by our nation’s schools and risks furthering racial disparities in education. The U.S. Department of Education and the U.S. Secret Service have published a guide (the ED/SS Guide) to maintaining safe schools, recommending the following steps: 1. Systematically surveying students, teachers, and other stakeholders about the emotional climate of a school to be able to continuously assess and improve school climate; 2. Encouraging students and teachers to respectfully listen to each other; 3. Ensuring that students feel comfortable speaking with adults in the school community; 4. Preventing and addressing bullying through promotion of prosocial behaviors; 5. Involving students and staff in the maintenance of a culture of safety and respect; 6. Ensuring all students have a trusting relationship with at least one adult at school; and 7. Creating mechanisms for developing and maintaining safe school climates. The ED/SS guide emphasizes that safe and secure school environments are created only through focusing on maintaining a respectful and supportive school environment where students’ emotional and academic needs are met, with things like effective threat assessment only a small part. These recommendations are supported by other experts. To effectively make schools safer, the STOP Schools Act should provide grants to states and districts to help cultivate these positive environments. To do this, the Act should focus on expanding resources, such as school counselors, mental health services, social workers, and proven programs, such as Positive Behavioral Interventions and Supports (PBIS) and restorative practices, and prohibit assigning law enforcement to schools. Instead, the Act provides grants to states and school districts to improve school security by providing training to prevent student violence, including for law enforcement officers, school personnel, and students; developing and operating anonymous reporting systems for threats of school violence; developing and operating school threat assessment and intervention teams that may include coordination with law enforcement agencies and school personnel, and specialized training for school officials in responding to mental health crises; coordinating with law enforcement; using metal detectors, locks, lighting, and other deterrent measures; implementing security assessments and training; installing technology for expedited notification of law enforcement during an emergency; and taking ‘‘any other measures that . . . may provide a significant improvement in security.’’ These provisions are only a small part of the strategy that experts recommend for maintaining safe school environments, and as written, 
the provisions have a high risk of exacerbating racebased disparities in how students are treated by school police and staff. The Act’s language regarding coordination with law enforcement and allowing any measures that ‘‘may’’ provide more security will allow school districts to use the grant funding to increase law enforcement presence rather than on evidencebased interventions. Research has shown that having more police in schools does not make schools safer, but, results in an increasing number of students being led from schools to the justice system. Although Black and Latinx students do not misbehave more than White students, students of color make up over 58% of schoolbased arrests, but only 40% of public school enrollment. Black students are more than twice as likely as their White peers to be referred to law enforcement or arrested at school. Additionally, research shows that police officers perceive Black youth as older and more culpable than they do similarlysituated White youth, and this bias leads to the overcriminalization of Black students. Furthermore, the presence of police in schools makes Black students and students who have been victims feel less safe, which would negatively affect school climate. To address these disparities, a clause should be added to the Act requiring that data be collected on any activities undertaken with grant funding to determine whether they are disproportionately affecting students of color or other atrisk groups. Any districts that are discriminating against students should not receive federal funding. Moreover, the Act’s anonymous reporting system does not have prescribed due process or civil rights protections and could lead to more racial disparities in how students are treated at school. As the ED/SS Guide cautions, anonymous systems could lead to individuals reporting false and malicious information. It will be an easy vehicle for students or staff who hold implicit or explicit biases against students of color to report those students as being a danger to themselves or others based on discriminatory reasons. In order to protect students, the tip system should be implemented as recommended in the guide: it should be housed within a wider system of trust amongst students and staff so that all feel comfortable filing reports and providing any required additional information in assessing threats. In addition, the communications should be tracked and data disaggregated and assessed for racial disparities in threat reporting. Finally, the STOP Violence Act does not restrict its funding to public schools and does not state that all recipients of funds must comply with existing civil rights laws. The Act should include a statement that any school receiving funds under this Act complies with all federal law, including civil rights laws protecting students on the bases of race, color, national origin; sex; disability; and age. All students deserve to attend safe and welcoming schools, and we encourage you to provide states and districts with additional resources to achieve this goal. Unfortunately, the STOP School Violence Act as currently written will not improve school safety and will risk further harm to students who are already disserved by the system. Thank you for considering this letter. If you have any questions, please contact us. Respectfully submitted, TODDA. C OX, Director of Policy. MONIQUE L. D IXON, Deputy Director of Policy. NICOLE DOOLEY , Policy Counsel. [From the New York Times, Mar. 13, 2018] TRUMP FINDS UNLIKELY CULPRIT IN SCHOOL  SHOOTINGS : OBAMA DISCIPLINE POLICIES  (By Erica L. Green) WASHINGTON .—After a gunman marauded through Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School last month, conservative commentators—looking for a culprit—seized on an unlikely target: an Obamaera guidance document that sought to rein in the suspensions and expulsions of minority students. Black students have never been the perpetrators of the mass shootings that have shocked the nation’s conscience nor have minority schools been the targets. But the argument went that any relaxation of disciplinary efforts could let a killer slip through the cracks. And this week, President Trump made the connection, announcing that Education Secretary Betsy DeVos will lead a school safety commission charged in part with examining the ‘‘repeal of the Obama administration’s ‘Rethink School Discipline’ policies.’’ To civil rights groups, connecting an action to help minority students with mass killings in suburban schools smacked of burdening black children with a largely white scourge. ‘‘Yet again, the Trump administration, faced with a domestic crisis, has responded by creating a commission to study an unrelated issue in order to ultimately advance a discriminatory and partisan goal,’’ said Sherrilyn Ifill, the president and director counsel at NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund Inc. ‘‘School shootings are a grave and preventable problem, but rescinding the school discipline guidance is not the answer,’’ she said. ‘‘Repealing the guidance will not stop the next school shooter, but it will ensure that thousands more students of color are unnecessarily ushered into the schooltoprison pipeline.’’ The issue of the Obamaera discipline guidance was raised formally by Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, who, after seeing a flurry of conservative news media reports, wrote a letter to Ms. DeVos and Attorney General Jeff Sessions questioning whether the guidance allowed the shooting suspect, Nikolas Cruz, to evade law enforcement and carry out the massacre at Stoneman Douglas High. It was, on its face, an odd point: Mr. Cruz is white, and far from evading school disciplinary procedures, he had been expelled from Stoneman Douglas. ‘‘The overarching goals of the 2014 directive to mitigate the schooltoprison pipeline, reduce suspensions and expulsions, and to prevent racially biased discipline are laudable and should be explored,’’ Mr. Rubio wrote, asking that the guidance be revised. ‘‘However, any policy seeking to achieve these goals requires basic common sense and an understanding that failure to report troubled students, like Cruz, to law enforcement can have dangerous repercussions.’’ Broward County educators and advocates saw Mr. Rubio’s letter as an indictment of a program called Promise, which the county instituted in 2013—one year before the Obama guidance was issued—and has guided its discipline reforms to reduce student based arrests in Broward County, where Stoneman Douglas is. The N.A.A.C.P. said that Mr. Rubio ‘‘notably backs away from raising the purchase age for assaultstyle rifles and restricting magazine capacity,’’ and instead focuses on a system that once sent one million minority students to Florida jails for ‘‘simple and routine discipline issues ranging from talking back to teachers to schoolyard scuffles.’’ The program was praised by former Secretary of Education Arne Duncan, and echoes the goals of the 2014 Obama guidance in discouraging schools from using law enforcement as a first line of defense for low level offenses. In the days before making his request, Mr. Rubio released a proposal that he said would remedy lapses in the Promise program and the 2014 guidance. In a tweet on Tuesday, Mr. Rubio noted that the gunman was not in the Promise program, but had displayed violent and threatening behavior. ‘‘The more we learn, the more it appears the problem is not the program or the DOE guidance itself, but the way it is being applied,’’ Mr. Rubio said, referring to the Education Department. ‘‘It may have created a culture discourages referral to law enforcement even in egregious cases like the #Parkland shooter.’’ Long before the attack in Parkland, Fla., the 2014 discipline guidelines, which encouraged schools to examine their discipline disparities and to take stock of discriminatory policies, were already on Ms. DeVos’s radar— but not because they were seen as a possible culprit in the next school shooting. Conservatives were using the Trump administration’s effort to rein in federal overreach to reverse policies designed to protect against what the Obama administration had seen as discriminatory practices. The ‘‘Rethink Discipline,’’ package that Mr. Trump’s commission will examine includes guidance that the Obama administration issued on the legal limitations on the use of restraints and seclusion, corporal punishment and equity for special education students. In recent months, educators and policy experts from across the country have traveled to Washington to voice support for and opposition to the disciplinary guidance, in private meetings with officials at the Education Department and in a series of public forums. At a briefing hosted by the United States Commission on Civil Rights, dozens of policy experts, researchers, educators and parents sounded off on the Obamaera discipline policy in a meeting that became so racially charged that some black attendees walked out. Since the discipline guidelines were issued, conservatives have blamed the document for creating unsafe educational environments by pressuring schools to keep suspension numbers down to meet racial quotas, even if it meant ignoring troubling and criminal behavior. Teachers who sought suspensions or expulsions of minority students were painted as racists, conservatives maintained. ‘‘Evidence is mounting that efforts to fight the schooltoprison pipeline is creating a school climate catastrophe and has if anything put atrisk students at greater risk,’’ said Max Eden, a senior fellow at the conservative Manhattan Institute, who argued that teacher bias was not the driving force behind school discipline. But proponents argued that racial bias was well documented. When the guidance was issued, federal data found that AfricanAmerican students without disabilities were more than three times as likely as their white peers without disabilities to be expelled or suspended, and that more than 50 percent of students who were involved in schoolrelated arrests or who were referred to law enforcement were Hispanic or AfricanAmerican. ‘‘Children’s safety also includes protection from oppression and bigotry and injustice,’’ Daniel J. Losen, director of the Center for Civil Rights Remedies at the University of California at Los Angeles’s Civil Rights Project, wrote in testimony to the Civil Rights Commission. ‘‘Fearmongering and rhetoric that criminalizes youth of color, 
children from poor families and children with disabilities should not be tolerated.’’ The Education and Justice Departments wrote in a 2014 Dear Colleague letter that discipline disparities could be caused by a range of factors, but the statistics in the federal data ‘‘are not explained by more frequent or more serious misbehavior by students of color.’’ The departments also noted that several civil rights investigations had verified that minority students were disciplined more harshly than their white peers for the same infractions. ‘‘In short, racial discrimination in school discipline is a real problem,’’ the guidance said. In recent months, Ms. DeVos has said change will be coming. She has already moved to rescind a regulation that protects against racial disparities in special education placements. Her goal, she said last month, was to be ‘‘sensitive to all of the parties involved.’’ In a bruising interview on ‘‘60 Minutes’’ on Sunday, Ms. DeVos said that the disproportionate discipline issue ‘‘comes down to individual kids.’’ She declined to say whether she believed that black students disciplined more harshly for the same infraction were the victims of institutional racism. ‘‘We’re studying it carefully and are committed to making sure students have opportunity to learn in safe and nurturing environments,’’ she said. Ms. DeVos’s office for civil rights also announced that it would scale back the scope of investigations, reversing an approach taken under the Obama administration to conduct exhaustive reviews of school districts’ practices and data when a discrimination complaint was filed. But Ms. DeVos’s own administration has continued to find racial disparities. In November, the Education Department found that the Loleta Union Elementary School District in California doled out harsher treatment to Native American students than their white peers. For example, a Native American student received a oneday outof school suspension for slapping another student on the way to the bus, in what was that student’s first disciplinary referral of the year. A white student received lunch detention for slapping two students on the same day—the student’s fifth and sixth referrals that year. While Mr. Cruz was repeatedly kicked out of class and ultimately expelled, it is unclear whether he was ever referred to the police for his behavior in school. However, Mr. Cruz was known to law enforcement, which never found cause to arrest him, and a report of troublesome behavior to the F.B.I. went unheeded. The Broward County superintendent, Robert Runcie, said that Mr. Rubio’s effort to connect the district’s discipline policies to the Stoneman Douglas shooting was misguided. ‘‘We’re not going to dismantle a program that’s been successful in the district because of false information that someone has put out there,’’ Mr. Runcie said on Twitter. ‘‘We will neither manage nor lead by rumors.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on H.R. 4909, the ‘‘STOP School Violence Act of 2017.’’ This important bipartisan legislation comes before us today on the one month anniversary of a senseless and tragic school massacre, which claimed 17 lives. On February 14, 2018 our world lost Alyssa Alhadeff, Martin Duque, Nicholas Dworet, Jaime Guttenberg, Luke Hoyer, Cara Loughran, Gina Montalto, Joaquin Oliver, Alaina Petty, Meadow Pollack, Helena Ramsay, Alex Schachter, Carmen Schentrup, and Peter Wang. Also lost, were three coaches: Chris Hixon, Aaron Feis, and Scott Beigel, who was also a biology teacher. Today, in their honor, you, the students organized a nationwide school walkout for gun violence prevention. Parkland wants to go down in history as more than just survivors. We in Congress can help make that happen. I was proud to stand in solidarity with you all this morning, handinhand as you were armed with passion and vision; unapologetic about your stance on these issues as you continue to display your advocacy as bold, relentless and engaged leaders of our future. Mr. Speaker, they want universal background checks, and sensible legislation that will curtail gun violence, thereby, keeping guns out of their schools and out of the hands of those that threaten to take lives and wreak havoc in our churches, theatres, concerts and schools. ‘‘When will it all stop,’’ they asked. We too in Congress must evaluate ourselves and ask: when will we respond adequately? My heart goes out to students and parents all across America who find themselves routinely faced with these tragic incidents of great proportion; from Columbine to Virginia Tech, Sandy Hook, and Parkland; and our cities like Chicago, Baltimore and the rest of America. These are the faces of our children as they were leaving Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla., after the Valentine’s Day deadly shooting. ‘‘I didn’t get a chance that morning to say goodbye to my daughter, but I’m here today to make sure that I’m one of the last fathers that ever has to bury their daughter or son or loved one from a senseless act of violence in a school,’’ said Ryan Petty, whose daughter Alaina Petty was among the 17 killed. Mr. Petty, I hear you. I agree with my colleagues, that school safety is paramount and that is why I signed onto this bill following the Parkland school shooting. This bill is not perfect and I will address my concerns. But it is a good first step. As Ranking Member of the Judiciary Crime Subcommittee, I caution any measure that could adversely impact our constitutional rights. Had this bill went through regular order, I would have amended it with a clause that would prescribe due process or civil rights protections in the anonymous reporting system. This would allow the accused with notice and an opportunity to respond with representation. As written, this bill is amenable to abuse where false and malicious information can be reported by any staff or student who may have a bias against the accused but alarmingly, the accused has no avenue for a remedy in defending him/herself. I want to ensure that the current racebased disparities in how students are treated by school police and staff are not further exacerbated by this bill as written. H.R. 4909 provides that there be coordination with law enforcement in providing security, which will increase law enforcement presence in schools rather than use evidencebased interventions. I would like to add to this bill, a clause requiring that data be collected of any activities undertaken with grant funding to determine whether they are disproportionately affecting students of color or other atrisk groups. Research has shown, when law enforcement engage minority students, there is a high likelihood of increasing the ‘schoolhouse to jailhouse’ track. Students of color make up over 58% of schoolbased arrests, but only % of public school enrollment. A judicious approach is therefore warranted in implementing this bill. Finally, any recipient of federal grants should be required to comply with all federal laws, including civil rights laws protecting students based on race, color, religion, national origin, sex, disability and age. In our quest for school safety we must always exercise due care in balancing a benefit against the backdrop of our civil liberties so that we do not repeat incidents like North Carolina, where a young girl was grabbed around the neck with one arm, by school resources officer gripping her arm with his other hand and flipping her backward out of her chair. I stand firm with students everywhere because they ‘‘all’’ are the future of America. And standing with them all no matter where they are from is a net positive for us all. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS). Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I know I am not supposed to be able to recognize people in the gallery because it is a breach of the House rules, so I won’t mention to the viewers that there are a lot of students in the gallery today seeing the political process at work. This is an opportunity for everyone to get to understand what it means to affect public policy in this great country. We are glad. We want to hear more from students throughout this Nation about what they think our government can do to make this country better. I just want to come here to talk about today being exactly a month since a parent’s worst nightmare came true for many in Parkland, Florida: the school they send their kids to was attacked. This issue is personal for me, as a parent and also as somebody who has experienced gun violence on a baseball field less than a year ago. I think about the same fear, the same smells, sounds, and now the same healing process that those survivors will be going through. But I can only imagine how processing those things as a teenager feels or the pain that their parents, especially those who lost a child that day, are feeling right now. I believe the only reason all of us on that baseball field are still here today is because we had someone there who was protecting us and firing back. Boy, did David Bailey, Crystal Griner, and the Alexandria Police fire back. That doesn’t mean I believe all schools need the same kind of security measures, but I do believe all of our schools need to look closely at their security protocols and policies, and Congress should help them make the changes that they deem necessary. There wasn’t just one failure on February 14, and as such, there can’t be just one solution. This bill is one part of addressing this issue, and it is something we can and should do right now. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. This week, I met with Central A&M High School in my district to discuss school safety and what they need to make schools more secure. Following the tragedy at Parkland, they sent a letter to parents and students. It had a line that stood out to me, ‘‘Safety is everybody’s responsibility.’’ They are right. Let’s pass the STOP School Violence Act. It is only part of the solution. There are other issues we still need to address. But if you believe in helping to make our schools safer, you should vote for this bipartisan bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are advised not to refer to occupants of the gallery, under the House rules. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, in the course of my coming over to the floor, we heard a comment, which I intend to check, of an accidental discharge of a firearm by a resource officer in a school in Virginia. The gun went off. I just want to conclude by saying that we have brought people together in that nothing in this bill will allow for Federal funds to be used in these grants for the arming of teachers. I think the AFT has evidenced their support for that. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have one speaker remaining, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, today, young people across the country are taking a stand and calling upon this Congress to do something about the scourge of gun violence that has terrorized our schools and streets for too long. This bill fails to do so, and it should not and cannot be our only response to these demands. We must make schools safer. But the best way to do that is to do more to prevent gun violence from occurring in the first place. Congress must do more to stop gun violence. Congress should pass an assault weapons ban. Congress should pass an effective background check. Congress should ban highcapacity magazines. Congress should do a lot more. It is not enough to say that staff and students must do more to protect themselves. Mr. Speaker, it is time to take decisive action to stop gun violence in our communities. You are faced with a simple choice, Mr. Speaker: Will you stand with these young people who are demanding action or will you stand with the NRA and be complicit in the continuing violence in our schools and in our streets? Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ). Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership, and I thank the Members who have come before us today to speak about their experiences, like my colleague who suffered from a horrific act of gun violence last year. I also want to speak on behalf of the thousands of students who stood up all around the country. They have asked us to take action to address gun violence. Our children do deserve to be safe while they are at school, to feel safe and to be safe. I am the mother of a teacher, sister of a teacher, and daughter of a new teacher. We want our schools to be safe. We in this country have focused on violence in our communities for a very long time. When I was deputy mayor of Indianapolis in the late nineties, we were very focused on reducing gun violence and homicides of all kinds in the city of Indianapolis. b1345 Later, as U.S. attorney in the southern district of Indiana, I led what was called Project Safe Neighborhoods, which I understand that Attorney General Sessions is reinvigorating to reduce the gun violence in all of our communities, which includes our schools. As our colleague from Florida just said, this is a very complex problem. This is something that we have been paying attention to for many years and, in fact, decades. It is going to take complex solutions, but this bill is a very important part of the solution. In fact, last year, my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee worked to enact 21st Century Cures Act, which included a number of mental health provisions. One of those reforms ensured that State and local governments can use grant funding from the Department of Justice to develop and operate schoolbased mental health crisis intervention teams. Today we will reauthorize that Department of Justice program for another 10 years with this bill. I read this morning in The Indianapolis Star, the new movement about walk up, not just walk out. It is important for students and everybody to walk up to those people who they have concerns about in their schools or those people who are lonely, and those people who need help or who just need a friend. The STOP School Violence Act authorizes $75 million in annual funding to support increased security and training and increase the use of anonymous reporting systems. In one school in my district, over 100 tips were sent into that school system with the anonymous reporting on the night of the Parkland shooting, and teachers worked around the clock on shifts all night to run down all of those tips. That is what is critically important, that people continue to report and that law enforcement working with school officials continue to investigate. These tips come from outside the school. They come from inside the school. This is critically important. They come from social media. They come from conversations. It is important to share. This bill increases the amount of funding that can go to schools for anonymous reporting systems. That is just one of the things it does. This bill will add more resources. It is not enough. I am not saying that it is enough. It is one of the many steps. In fact, in this appropriations bill, I want to encourage my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee to continue to increase funding for school safety and mental health programs in the omnibus bill and in budgets going forward. We know this bill is one important step. I want to applaud one of my colleagues, Sheriff Rutherford, a Member from Florida. He and another Member from Florida introduced this bill 1 week before the shooting. They, along with many colleagues, have focused on school security for many years. We do have to do more. This is an important step. It is a critical step. And when men like Sheriff Rutherford have devoted his life to protecting and serving his community and his schools in his community, we need to listen to him. This is a very important step. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ We will not stop. We have heard the young people. We have heard their families. We are going to continue to listen. We will continue to fight for safety in schools in our communities. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4909, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1416 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro 
tempore (Mr. P OEof Texas) at 2 o’clock and 16 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 235, noes 182, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger 
Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOT VOTING—13 
Allen Cummings Davis, Danny Graves (MO) Katko Kennedy Lieu, Ted Rice (NY) RosLehtinen Slaughter Smith (MO) Tsongas Wilson (FL) 
b1451 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
HONORING MARCY KAPTUR AS THE LONGEST SERVING WOMAN IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES (Ms. PELOSI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, today, we in Congress have the honor of recognizing an outstanding leader and an esteemed colleague, Congresswoman MARCY KAPTUR . We have the esteemed honor of recognizing MARCY KAPTUR as she becomes the longest serving woman in the history of the House of Representatives. And it is not just about the longevity of her service, but the quality of her leadership in the House of Representatives in so many ways. It is fitting that we should recognize her outstanding leadership during Women’s History Month. Thank you for giving us the privilege of doing that. I know that the people of Ohio and our colleagues from Ohio here take great pride in their association with MARCY KAPTUR , as with the rest of us, and are honored to call her ‘‘colleague.’’ She has left her mark in so many ways. She is the first woman ever to be assigned to serve on the Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense. In addition to protecting the American people, honoring our first responsibility to protect and defend, she is the champion for the World War II Memorial and a determined defender of all who served there and their legacy. Thank you, MARCY KAPTUR , for that. MARCY KAPTUR has taken great pride, serving as a constant, unwavering voice for the American heartland in the U.S. Congress. Her faith is important to her: her faith in God, her faith in her community, and her faith in our country. As a leader on the Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans, for example, she is a strong champion for retirees and their endangered pensions. The list goes on and on. From childhood to pensions, MARCY has been there in the lead on the Appropriations Committee. By the way, she is the longest serving woman on the Appropriations Committee, as well. Later today, at a reception to which you are all invited in the Rayburn Room, I will read a letter of congratulations from Barbara Mikulski, the longest serving woman in the Congress and MARCY in the House. It is really important to know the impact that MARCY has had on all of us. She is a person of the greatest integrity and sincerity. She knows her purpose. She knows her subjects. Her judgment is respected, and she always has a plan. Therefore, as I have said so many times, if you want to save yourself some time, just do what MARCY  asks you to do the first time around. As a granddaughter of Polish immigrants, she takes great pride in her heritage, and as with most families taking pride in their heritage, she is fiercely patriotic and loves America and works every day for all families pursuing economic opportunity and the American Dream. MARCY , thank you for your outstanding leadership on behalf of Ohioans for sure, for all Americans, and on behalf of women, girls, and families across the country and across the world. It is an honor to serve with you, a privilege to call you ‘‘colleague,’’ and a joy to call you ‘‘friend.’’ Thank you, MARCY KAPTUR . 
HONORING MARCY KAPTUR AS THE LONGEST SERVING WOMAN IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES (Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker. I rise to wholeheartedly agree with the Democratic leader. I am not sure I have ever said that before. Look, this is truly an impressive milestone. I have got to say, MARCY , the lawmaker that you are surpassing, Edith Nourse Rogers, famously summed up her time in office by saying this: ‘‘The first 30 years are the hardest. . . . You start it, and you like the work and you just keep on.’’ MARCY , you have certainly kept on. The leader mentioned it, the World War II Memorial. This started in 1987 as an exchange that you had with a veteran at a fish fry back in Jerusalem Township in your district. I mean, it took, what, 6 years to get a bill into law, then another 11 years to get the memorial built? That certainly is what it looks like when you are keeping on. Now, MARCY and I served together on the Budget Committee. What serving together on the Budget Committee 
means is, between the two of us, we pretty much disagreed on everything we talked about on the Budget Committee. But I have got to say, I have always had great respect for how you engage in the battle of ideas and how you stay true to your principles, and you do it in such an uplifting way. Passion is not hard to find in our politics today. There are no two ways about that. But passion sustained over a long time, over the long haul, without fail, takes an enormous amount of commitment. No matter which side of the aisle we are on, we can all take something from your example. You have been a tireless advocate for your principles, your point of view, and you have done it with honor and distinction. And that is a phenomenal example for all of us. It is truly fitting that this is happening during Women’s History Month as well. But this milestone, I would say, is not so much about days served; it is a testament to the endless possibilities that are in front of us. I think of my own daughter, Liza, who was elected vice president of her class last year, which goes to show that at least somebody in our family can get elected to vice president. Her generation is just so fortunate to have all these pioneers to look up to, to have stories to hear from and to learn from; whether it is MARCY KAPTURor N ANCY PELOSI , our first woman Speaker of the House; or CATHY  MCMORRIS RODGERS , the longestserving conference chair since my mentor Jack Kemp; or ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN , the first Hispanic woman ever elected to Congress; or ELISE STEFANIK , the youngest woman ever elected to this Congress. Every day we get to work with leaders who are making history and inspiring generations now and to come. So, MARCY , thank you for keeping on for all 12,858 of these days. Thank you for your service. Congratulations on this great distinction and honor. 
STUDENT, TEACHERS, AND OFFICERS PREVENTING SCHOOL VIOLENCE ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4909) to reauthorize the grant program for school security in the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 407, nays 10, not voting 13, as follows: [Roll No. 106] YEAS—407 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Amash Ca´rdenas Johnson (GA) Jones Jordan Lee Massie Nolan Sanford Watson Coleman 
Bass Carson (IN) Cummings Davis, Danny Katko Lieu, Ted Rice (NY) RosLehtinen Rush Slaughter Smith (MO) Tsongas Wilson (FL) 
b1510 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H. CON. RES. 79 Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the first sponsor of H. Con. Res. 79, a bill originally introduced by Representative Conyers of Michigan, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 137 Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the first sponsor of H.R. 137, a bill originally introduced by Representative Conyers of Michigan, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Rhode Island? There was no objection. 
PROTECTING ACCESS TO THE COURTS FOR TAXPAYERS ACT Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3996) to amend title 28, United States Code, to permit other courts to transfer certain cases to United States Tax Court. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3996 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Access to the Courts for Taxpayers Act’’. 
Section 1631 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(or, for cases within the jurisdiction of the United States Tax Court, to that court)’’ after ‘‘any other such court’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ISSA) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 3996, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, American taxpayers fighting the Internal Revenue Service deserve their day in court. Not every taxpayer who thinks the IRS is wrong is right, but not every time the IRS brings a case are they right. The Tax Court is a unique creation of Congress. It is, in fact, an article 1 court specifically created and dedicated to tax issues. The Tax Court has the expertise necessary to hear complex or, in some cases, simple tax cases. Any situation in which a taxpayer is unable to contest an IRS action, therefore, would be simply unacceptable. b1515 Unfortunately, the problem today is that, due to an oversight in the Federal law, you can find yourself in a situation, by filing in good faith, not to be able to use a Tax Court. Unlike the IRS, not all taxpayers know about the requirement to file tax disputes in the Tax Court. Some taxpayers, in good faith, file in their local district court, which is wrong, and by the time it is discovered, their opportunity to file in Tax Court has expired. Today, when a Federal Tax Court judge recognizes the improper venue, under current law he is prevented from simply transferring the case to Tax Court, where it rightfully belongs. By the time this happens, the taxpayer usually has lost their day in court since they only have a short time in which to ask for the Tax Court. Because of this oversight in the Federal law, I, along with the ranking member of the full Judiciary Committee, introduced the Protecting Access to the Courts for Taxpayers Act. The legislation, quite simply, fixes this error that impacts dozens and dozens of Americans repeatedly every year. It is supported by advocates in the Judicial Conference and the Tax Courts. It just makes sense, Mr. Speaker, that, in fact, getting your day in court should not be nullified by an actual petition to a court erroneously not recognized in time. In any other case in which you file in Federal court, if the court determines it is not an appropriate venue, the case is transferred. This is a lone exception. I want to thank my colleague from Georgia for his support in this legislation and for his help in making sure it was drafted accurately. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3996, the Protecting Access to the Courts for Taxpayers Act. This bipartisan legislation would ensure that taxpayers who mistakenly file certain claims in the wrong venue will still have their day in court. Under current law, when a Federal court does not have jurisdiction over a case, it typically may transfer that case to the appropriate Federal court that does have proper jurisdiction. However, due to a quirk in the law, the United States Tax Court is not authorized to have misfiled cases transferred to it, even when the Tax Court is the proper—and, in many cases, the only— court with jurisdiction to hear the case. This legislation will remedy that flaw in the law and enable Federal courts to transfer cases directly to the Tax Court when appropriate. The need for this bill is not simply a matter of judicial efficiency; it is fundamentally one of access to justice. The Tax Court was established to resolve disputes between taxpayers and the Internal Revenue Service, and many taxpayers choose to represent themselves in Tax Court proceedings. Unfortunately, these litigants—lacking legal representation—make procedural errors, including filing in the wrong court. In most instances, by the time a taxpayer’s claim is dismissed for lack of jurisdiction, the strict guidelines and deadlines for filing in the Tax Court— generally 90 days or fewer—have long passed, and the taxpayer is then barred from filing a claim altogether. By allowing these cases to be transferred directly to the Tax Court, H.R. 3996 ensures that the case will retain its original filing date and the taxpayer will be able to preserve his or her claim. As a result of this modest but significant amendment to current law, this bill will protect the right of taxpayers to be heard in court. I appreciate the efforts of the various Tax Court representatives who are bringing this issue to our attention and for their guidance in helping us to develop the legislation. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like to acknowledge H.R. 3996’s author, my friend, Representative DARRELL ISSA, whose leadership on this issue is to be commended. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I am with my friend, and would like to associate all of my further comments with his. So, again, I urge support for this bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ISSA) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3996. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PREVENTING CRIMES AGAINST VETERANS ACT OF 2017 Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 506) to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide an additional tool to prevent certain frauds against veterans, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 506 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Preventing Crimes Against Veterans Act of 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ISSA) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 506, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Preventing Crimes Against Veterans Act of 2017 closes a small but significant loophole in Federal law and, in so doing, gives Federal prosecutors an additional mechanism to protect veterans from criminals who seek to defraud them. In recent years, we have heard distressing and infuriating stories about particularly elderly veterans being swindled out of their veterans’ benefits. Some of these veterans, including those in lowincome housing, have been deceived by fraudsters who, in fact, have preyed on their age and infirmity. Helping veterans in this case certainly should be a priority in this Congress. This is particularly insidious in that, in some cases, the criminal will claim to get a veteran’s benefits approved in record time, will charge outrageous fees to file, and, ultimately, will provide the veteran with little or no assistance. They will just pocket the money that rightfully belongs to the elderly veteran. Mr. Speaker, this change in the law is critical. I want to thank Mr. TOM ROONEY , the author of the bill. I want to urge that we consider it quickly, close this loophole, and provide prosecutors with the kind of ability to protect our aging veterans in a way that is currently not available. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Preventing Crimes Against Veterans Act of 2017 would make it a crime to knowingly engage in any scheme to defraud a veteran or his or her dependents of veterans’ benefits. This legislation provides an important, additional tool for Federal prosecutors to use to combat veterans’ benefits fraud. Because we honor the service of our brave men and women, and because of the sacrifices our veterans have made for us, it is particularly important that we protect them from fraud and ensure the integrity of the benefit system we provide. According to a 2016 AARP study of investment fraud victims, it shows that while veterans are less than 10 percent of the U.S. population, they were onethird, 33 percent, of the victims of investment fraud because their money is certain. A recent Federal Trade Commission’s Consumer Sentinel program reveals that the number of complaints filed by military veterans each year has increased by 63 percent over the past 5 years. Recently, my State of Texas highlighted these issues in an article which reported that several disabled veterans were unable to receive their benefits via direct deposit. Investigation revealed a number of veterans did not receive their VA disability compensation checks due to the theft that occurred by way of perpetrators rerouting veterans’ benefits to virtual banks. Veterans are the targets of many of the same types of fraudulent activities as the rest of society, including mail, telephone, and online fraud. They are more victimized by fraud than nonveterans, and have lost money to scams 16 percent more than nonveterans during the past 5 years. Nearly 78 percent of veterans report having been a target of veteranspecific scams, such as approving a VA loan, taking advantage of littleknown government programs for vets, or paying for a back, knee, or arm brace because of one’s military service. Nearly 22 percent of veterans report receiving 10 or more suspicious phone calls per week. Nearly all veterans, 97 percent, have received at least one scam attempt in the past 5 years. We hope we can stop this. Currently, there are about 21 million veterans—and more upcoming—of the United States military. These are men and women who selflessly served our Nation and in the theaters of war, from the Second World War, Korea, and Vietnam, to more recent conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan. As I indicated, our veterans will continue to grow and be vulnerable to scams. Unfortunately, many of our veterans, as a result of their service, have physical and mental scars. There are well over 1 million American veterans with serviceconnected disabilities. It was my privilege to institute a PTSD center in my own district supported by the late Congressman Murtha. In addition, veterans are more likely than nonveterans to become homeless. They comprise 17 percent of our homeless population, even though many of them are eligible for veterans’ benefits. On any given night, an estimated 50,000 veterans are sleeping on America’s streets. In recognition of the extreme sacrifice by our veterans and the hardships many of them continue to face after their military service, it is our duty to provide, to the best of our ability, an appropriate measure of compensation for them, particularly those in need. For instance, we provide disability payments to those with serviceconnected disabilities, pensions for veterans with limited incomes, education and training under the GI Bill, and also various life insurance benefits. This is the least we can do, and it is still not enough. There continues to be issues with the medical care we provide our veterans and problems about some benefits never being processed and paid because of the loss of claims by the Veterans Benefits Administration. That is why we must prohibit any schemes to defraud a veteran of his or her veteran’s benefits. Anyone convicted of such crime could be fined, imprisoned, or be subject to both penalties. Those who defraud veterans or their surviving spouses or dependents endanger our system of veterans’ benefits not only by harming the victims, but also by diminishing resources required to pay the claims and fund the programs that are needed to help those who have served their country have a decent quality of life. Accordingly, I support H.R. 506. I commend the bill’s sponsors, Representative TOM ROONEY and Representative TEDDEUTCH , for their work on this important issue. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support H.R. 506, the ‘‘Preventing Crimes Against Veterans Act of 2017,’’ which would make it a crime to knowingly engage in any scheme to defraud a veteran or his dependents of veteran’s benefits. This legislation provides an important, additional tool for federal prosecutors to use to combat veterans’ benefits fraud. Because we honor the service of our brave men and women, and because of the sacrifices our veterans have made for us, it is particularly important that we protect them from fraud and ensure the integrity of the benefit system we provide. According to a 2016 AARP study of investment fraud victims, it showed that while veterans are less than 10% of the U.S. population, they were one third (33%) of the victims of investment fraud. A recent Federal Trade Commission’s Consumer Sentinel program reveals that the number of complaints filed by military veterans each year has increased by 63% over the past five years. Recently, my state of Texas highlighted these issues in an article, which reported that several disabled veterans were unable to receive their benefits via direct deposit. Investigation revealed that a number of veterans did not receive their VA disability compensation checks, due to the theft that occurred by way of perpetrators rerouting veterans’ benefits to virtual banks. Veterans are the targets of many of the same types of fraudulent activities as the rest of society, including mail, telephone and online 
fraud. They are more victimized by fraud than nonveterans and have lost money to scams (16%) than nonveterans during the past five years. Nearly (78%) of veterans report having been a target of veteranspecific scams, such as improving a VA loan, taking advantage of little known government programs for vets or paying for a back, knee or arm brace because of one’s military service. Nearly (22%) of veterans report receiving 10 or more suspicious phone calls per week. Nearly all veterans (97%) have received at least one scam attempt in the past five years. Currently, there are about 21 million veterans of the United States military—men and women who selflessly served our Nation and in theaters of war, from the Second World War, Korea, and Vietnam to more recent conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan. Unfortunately, many of our veterans—as a result of their service—have physical and mental scars. There are well over 1 million American veterans with serviceconnected disabilities. In addition, veterans are more likely than nonveterans to become homeless. They comprise 17% of our homeless population. On any given night, an estimated 50,000 veterans are sleeping on America’s streets. In recognition of the extreme sacrifice by our veterans and the hardships many of them continue to face after their military service, it is our duty to provide, to the best of our ability, an appropriate measure of compensation for them, particularly for those in need. For instance, we provide disability payments to those with serviceconnected disabilities, pensions for veterans with limited incomes, education and training under the GI Bill, and also various life insurance benefits. This is the least we can do and it is still not enough. There continue to be issues with the medical care we provide our veterans, and problems about some benefits never being processed and paid because of the loss of claims by the Veterans Benefits Administration. That is why we must prohibit any schemes to defraud a veteran of his or her veteran’s benefits. Anyone convicted of such crime could be fined, imprisoned, or be subject to both penalties. Those who defraud veterans, or their surviving spouses or dependents, endanger our system of veterans’ benefits not only by harming the victims, but also by diminishing resources required to pay the claims and fund the programs that are needed to help those who have served their country. Accordingly, I support H.R. 506 and I commend the bill’s sponsors, Representative TOM ROONEY and Representative T EDDEUTCH , for their work on this important issue. Mr. Speaker, we must do everything we can to protect our Veterans who have given so much of themselves to keep us all safe. We must ensure that the benefits they have earned are safeguarded against criminal acts. We ask our veterans to lay their lives on the line so that we can enjoy the freedom, which is at the heart of this great country. We owe them much. Surely we can and should repay our gratitude whenever we can. Protecting their veterans’ benefits is one way of expressing our appreciation, and it is the right and just thing to do. For reasons, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY ), who is the author of the bill. Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, my district is home to over 75,000 veterans, and I am proud to represent an area that has one of the highest concentrations of veterans in the country. With that distinction comes a duty to fight on their behalf to ensure that the VA is functioning and funded at levels deserving of their sacrifice. As a member of the Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, I am proud that we have secured increases in funding for VA programs that are important to my constituents. On a daily basis, my staff and Members of Congress’ staff across this country try to help veterans navigate the VA bureaucracy. It is no secret that the claims process at the VA is far too slow, so we all try to help veterans with their claims and expedite the process when possible. We have won countless battles against the system, and we have helped constituents far and wide to get the care and benefits they deserve. One of our responsibilities as Members of Congress is to listen to these veterans when they tell us there is still more work to be done to help fix the system. In 2016, a group of veterans brought a disturbing problem to my attention concerning individuals who were deliberately stealing money from veterans and the VA without fear of criminal punishment. I started to hear story after story about people advertising their socalled services to veterans, claiming that, for a fee, they can help veterans obtain certain VA benefits or expedite existing claims with the VA. b1530 There are two problems with this. Number one, it is illegal for anyone who isn’t approved by the VA to charge fees for helping veterans with their claims or appeals; and two, often times these promises of assistance are empty and never followed through with. Unfortunately, there are no penalties for breaking this law. One local VSO explained to me at length how these scammers specifically target senior veterans in lowincome housing communities, almost as a rule, because they consider those veterans to be the most vulnerable and most likely to fall victim to their schemes. I have heard countless accounts of these con artists going into assisted living facilities, rounding up all the veterans and coercing them all to apply for benefits they don’t even qualify for. When I hear people are taking advantage of these heroes and making a quick buck off of them, it makes me sick, as I am sure it makes all of us sick, because it is wrong and it needs to stop. The reality is that this isn’t just happening in my backyard. It is happening in every one of our districts. These con artists are getting away with it. I refuse to let this fraudulent scheme against some of the most respectable people in our Nation continue. Without a Federal criminal penalty, we have been unable to prevent these financial predators from preying on our veterans and defrauding the VA. My friend and fellow Congressman, Democrat TEDDEUTCH from south Florida, joined me in introducing this bipartisan bill to penalize these scammers who make their living stealing from our veterans. Our bill would give prosecutors and law enforcement the tools they need to appropriately penalize these predators by imposing a hefty fine, imprisoning them for up to 5 years, or both. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this commonsense, bipartisan bill, and I hope that the Senate will act quickly to send it to the President’s desk. These criminals need to pay the price for these actions. Our veterans have done everything to protect us and our way of life. Now it is our duty in Congress to make sure that they are protected as well. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ), the coauthor of this legislation. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas for yielding. Mr. Speaker, many veterans face extraordinary obstacles when they return home, especially in retirement. Too often, one of the obstacles to a safe and secure retirement for our veterans are socalled pension poachers. These are people who create highpressure sales pitches that directly target older veterans. They make big promises, knowing they have no intention of ever delivering on them. These are criminals who not only prey on our veterans, they prey on every American taxpayer who wants to do right by those who have served our country. They prey on the fact that we try to take good care of our veterans. They try to do it for financial gain. It is despicable, and we need to take action to stop it and make them pay for it. It is our job to ensure that they can’t get away with it. That is why I am proud to have partnered with my colleague, fellow Floridian, a veteran and my friend, Mr. ROONEY , to draft the Preventing Crimes Against Veterans Act. This bill will give Federal prosecutors the tools they need to target criminals who actively work to avoid current mail and wire fraud statutes, all while targeting our veterans. It is time to crack down on pension poachers and fraudsters. I am thankful for Chairman GOODLATTE , Ranking Member N ADLER , and my Judiciary colleagues for their support in helping to get this bill to the 
floor. I thank every Member of this House who voted unanimously to pass this legislation in the last Congress. Finally, I would like to thank Veterans Service Officer Greg Dover from Palm Beach County, Florida, who has helped to alert my office of these schemes and has worked tirelessly on behalf of our veterans to stand up for their rights and the benefits they deserve. I ask all of my colleagues to support our veterans and to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the Preventing Crimes Against Veterans Act. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 506 creates a new section, 1352, in chapter 63, title 18, to penalize fraudsters that knowingly execute or attempt to execute a scheme or artifice to defraud a veteran of his or her benefits—that is a dastardly act— or in connection with obtaining that veteran’s benefits by imposing a fine, imprisonment of up to 5 years, or both. Under current law, you can be an agent or attorney and meet certain standards and you can help a veteran. But there are many who were not licensed, not connected, or had the approval of various States or local governments, and they were fraudulently taking precious resources from our veterans. There was no criminal or financial penalty for breaking the law. So, H.R. 506 provides that penalty because, in recent years, financial predators across the country have targeted easy targets, who are veterans. Many, as we have said, have been physically or mentally maimed in their service to this Nation. Many of them are also elderly and live in lowincome housing. This bill is long in coming. I thank Mr. ROONEY and Mr. D EUTCH , working with the members of the Judiciary Committee, for moving this legislation forward. We ask our veterans to lay their lives on the line so that we can enjoy freedom, which is at the heart of this great country. We owe them much. Surely, we can repay our gratitude whenever we can. Protecting their veterans’ benefits is one way of expressing our appreciation, and it is the right and just thing to do. Mr. Speaker, for these reasons, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, our Nation’s veterans have sacrificed. They have given us so much. They have protected us. In his second inaugural address, President Lincoln reminded us of our solemn duty ‘‘to care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow, and his orphan.’’ By doing this today, we keep that promise of so long ago: the promise to give back, as appropriate, and to protect that by giving back to the widows, the orphans, and the veterans themselves, because our values don’t just say we write a check. We also protect to make sure that check gets to the true beneficiary. This enforcement will do just that. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to, on a bipartisan basis, which this bill has been from day one, support it and to move it to the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ISSA) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 506, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 1207. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’’. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 2286. An act to amend the Peace Corps Act to provide greater protection and services for Peace Corps volunteers, and for other purposes. f 
PROJECT SAFE NEIGHBORHOODS GRANT PROGRAM AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3249) to authorize the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3249 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program Authorization Act of 2017’’. 
The Attorney General of the United States is authorized to establish and carry out a program, to be known as the ‘‘Project Safe Neighborhoods Block Grant Program’’ or, in this Act, as the ‘‘Program’’, within the Office of Justice Programs at the Department of Justice. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ISSA) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 3249, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ), the author of the bill. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 3249, the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program Authorization Act of 2017. I would like to thank Chairman GOODLATTE and the entire Judiciary Committee for their efforts on this legislation and working through the process to bring this to the floor. I wanted to set out some recent headlines from the indepth reporting by The Washington Post on the rise of the MS–13 gang problem in the Washington metropolitan area, which includes Maryland, D.C., and Virginia, and why this legislation is needed. ‘‘MS–13 is ‘taking over the school,’ one teen warned before she was killed.’’ ‘‘She told the girl she’d see her in hell before stabbing her. Now, she’s guilty of an MS–13 murder.’’ ‘‘’People here live in fear’: MS–13 menaces a community 7 miles from the White House.’’ ‘‘Police: MS–13 members in Maryland stab man more than 100 times and decapitate him.’’ This is from my local paper, the LoudounTimes Mirror: ‘‘MS–13 gang members convicted in gruesome murder of a Leesburg teenager.’’ In this particular case in Leesburg, Virginia, the teenage boy, Carlos OteroHenriquez, was stabbed over 50 times and his body was dumped in a quarry miles away in West Virginia. The Acting U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia, Tracy DohertyMcCormick, had this to say after the murderers were convicted: ‘‘The hallmark of MS–13 is extreme violence. This brutal kidnapping and murder is a tragic reminder of the impact MS–13 has on communities here in northern Virginia. My hope is that our efforts to investigate and prosecute this case will send a clear message: Violence will be aggressively prosecuted.’’ This, and many of these other cases, are why we need the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program Authorization Act, which authorizes $50 million, but targets 30 percent being directed toward alreadyestablished regional gang task forces. As we know, MS–13 is a transnational gang that has been found not only here in the Washington metropolitan region, but in Los Angeles, Long Island, Houston, and other cities throughout the country. The Washington Post has highlighted how the 2014 border surge contributed to the MS–13 gang problem writing: ‘‘The violent street gang is on the rise in the United States, fueled, in part, by the surge in unaccompanied minors.’’ The unaccompanied minors, who often fled their native country to get away from the gangs, arrive here only to find themselves targeted by those very same gang members they were fleeing. MS–13 preys upon these youngsters in their own community—and let me emphasize, it is their own community that they are victimizing—who may not have much of a family structure, and, in effect, MS–13 tries to become their family or threaten them with death if they don’t. Last summer, when I went on a ride along with our Northern Virginia Regional Task Force, I was able to see their good work right in front of us. There was a young man on the sidewalk of Sterling Boulevard in Sterling, Virginia, just miles from here. The gang task force noticed him and turned around and decided to stop him and see what he was up to. With years of experience, the officers knew the MS–13 indicators. The boy looked about 16 years old, from what I could tell, but it turned out he was actually a 22yearold gang member. He was covered in MS–13 gang tattoos. When he lifted up his shirt when they asked him to do so, he showed all of the particular signs of MS–13, from his head to all over his feet. It turns out he had been jailed in El Salvador for murder when he was 16 and had been deported from the United States twice for engaging in violent crime. As it turns out now, when they come to the border, we don’t have the law to be able to stop them. Fortunately, this House did pass a law back in the fall, on a bipartisan basis—it is over in the Senate now—to be able to stop these gang members from getting in the country in the first place and being able to deport them quicker. But in the meantime, we need to increase the work and the support for these regional gang task forces. b1545 We also saw the technology they use. They can use something along the lines of an iPad or an iPhone where they put this gang member’s fingerprint on there and immediately it comes to light, as shown in the international records, that he was a murderer and that he had been in jail. But they need more of those resources. They only had two of those that they were able to use, and they said every one of their cars needs that kind of resource. That same night that we were on the ridealong, three other suspected MS–13 gang members were also picked up. This isn’t an aberration. At a town festival in Herndon, Virginia, in my district, the Northern Virginia Regional Gang Task Force told us that they had identified an estimated 200 to 300 suspected gang members who were milling about while our children were getting popcorn, getting on the rides, and there were people coming together to have a hotdog or a hamburger in a community festival. According to the Northern Virginia Regional Gang Task Force, an MS–13 gang member put a hit out on his own brother because he refused to join the organization. Fortunately, because of the good, intensive work of the Northern Virginia Regional Gang Task Force, they spared this young man from being killed by his own brother. That is why we need to have these resources that we are voting on today. We need to help on a Federal level. The community policing involved with the Northern Virginia Regional Gang Task Force includes officers who speak Spanish, understand the gang culture, and help get the kids out of this. They get involved in the education, getting them into the schools. They understand where they are trying to target these young people, and they are familiar with their communities and have developed very good relationships with these communities. ICE officials complement these efforts by removing the dangerous gang members once identified and allowing the task force to work in our highest risk schools and communities to prevent gang violence. The Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program Authorization Act would direct this additional Federal funding toward these gang task forces so that our gang task forces—which are comprised in my area of 13 local, State, and Federal law enforcement agencies—can really make the best antigang efforts in this threepronged approach that they engage in: education, intervention and prevention, and enforcement. Mr. Speaker, I have seen firsthand the good work these gang task forces can do to remove these gang threats from our community, so I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I thank you for the opportunity to speak to this. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, to the distinguished manager and to the author of this legislation, there is certainly room for legislation that speaks to the needs of our children and speaks to those who obviously have joined vicious and violent gangs even though of young ages. I will always, however, reemphasize the message that, as we look at these efforts, as I speak about my Juvenile Block Grant Antibullying and Prevention Act, legislation that I would like to see go through the Judiciary Committee, we must be reminded that, in order to continue to be safe, this Congress cannot ignore debate and passage of gun safety legislation. Guns kill. AR–15s kill. The lack of raising the age from 18 to 21 for guns 
hurts our children. Not having universal background checks hurts our children. But at the same time, we must find ways to stem the tide of gangs, and there are many gangs throughout the Nation. Just speaking with my law enforcement, the gang names that came to me were not just MS–13. We will find gangs in our particular jurisdictions that have many names. But whatever their names, their behavior is dastardly and it is injurious, and if we can find ways to keep our neighborhood safe, as H.R. 3249 intends to do, the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program Authorization Act of 2017, which would provide additional resources to help local jurisdictions prevent and fight crime in their communities, then we should stand together to do so. The bill would authorize the Attorney General to establish and implement a program to be known as the Project Safe Neighborhoods Block Program within the Office of Justice Programs at the Department of Justice, thereby providing a formal authorization for the Project Safe Neighborhoods program currently implemented by DOJ. A portion of the funding awards under the program would be allocated to fighting gangrelated crime. While I support authorizing this program, I would like to highlight two concerns. The first is the Juvenile Block Grant Antibullying and Prevention Act, which would have reauthorized the juvenile block grants which would go to communities for a variety of reasons. That has been stalled in the Judiciary Committee under the pretense of not having an offset. And I see that this particular legislation does have, seemingly, a $70 million a year authorization without an offset. So I think we should work together, and as I support this legislation, I think we should support other legislative initiatives that can really intervene. It is clear that the perpetrator in Florida, there is some evidence, some newspaper reporting, that this individual was bullied and had a very difficult life. We see that that is certainly a reason that young people become gang members. So as we look to supporting this legislation, I think that we should look to broaden our support and work on the whole idea of steering our children away from the idea of gangs, guns, and violence. I would hope, first, a substantial portion of the funding of this bill will be dedicated to antigang task forces. I support preventing and fighting crime no matter who the perpetrator may be. But I also want to make sure that we look holistically at dealing with young people and that we have alternatives for them, which blockgranting does in giving alternatives to communities to direct young people in other directions other than gangs. We must be vigilant in conducting oversight, also, of the use of program funds and in protecting those program funds so that they can be utilized for authorization of other efforts to help our young people. Let me also indicate that this program should be one facet of working with young people. The program will be one facet of DOJ’s efforts to address gun and gang violence at the local, State, and Tribal levels. The Juvenile Accountability Block Grants, which provide other funds for a myriad of activities in our local communities, we should view it from the holistic perspective and as an effort to supplement but not supplant alternatives that may employ different but yet still effective approaches, which I am speaking of through the Juvenile Accountability Block Grants program. None of the funding prohibitions would serve the interest of public safety. For instance, the bill would eliminate the Byrne Criminal Justice Innovation Program, which, when implemented, helps local governments develop crime reduction strategies to address crime in hotspots that generate a significant amount of crime within larger communities or jurisdictions. The Byrne Criminal Justice Innovation Program is a communitybased strategy that aims to prevent and control violent crime, drug abuse, and gang activity in highcrime neighborhoods by providing funding to support partnerships between law enforcement agencies and communitybased organizations that balance targeted enforcement with prevention, intervention, and neighborhood restoration services. If you ask your local police, many of them will tout the Byrne program as being very successful. In the past, OJP has coordinated the efforts of this program with related efforts to promote neighborhood revitalization by the Department of Housing and Urban Development and Department of Education. We see no reason to eliminate the possibility of funding for this program which is very helpful. So along with the Juvenile Accountability Block Grants program and many others, I believe this legislation can be enhanced. I hope that as we make our way through the legislative process, we will not only work with H.R. 3249, but we will also work with other legislation that will holistically help the crime situation in our Nation and secure young people as they desire to be secured and, particularly, work on gun violence, which is severe in many of our communities. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, again, I want to acknowledge the author of H.R. 3249 for an important statement regarding gangs, and I would hope that we could continue to work on these issues. For instance, the bill would eliminate the Byrne Criminal Justice Innovation Program, and I hope that we can restore that. As well, I hope that we can work very closely on other legislative initiatives that are going through the Judiciary Committee. A holistic approach is the best approach. And then I hope that we can restore the funding that is necessary for some of the programs that have been eliminated because of this legislation. Good as it may be, it is important to do a combination of efforts to deal with protecting children and steering children away from these vile actions. Mr. Speaker, I truly believe that there are programs dealing with bullying and prevention of bullying that can complement the work that is being done here and the Byrne program that has been utilized by the Department of Housing and Urban Development, cleaning neighborhoods, making neighborhoods safe. I can see it in my congressional district and I can see it in other congressional districts, to come in and combine with those resources. And then, of course, are the resources that uplift our young people, steer them in the right direction and provide alternative support systems for them. As many people know, in years gone by, something that many people found humorous was midnight basketball. Today I hear law enforcement officers say: You know, that midnight basketball really worked so many years ago. We need to look at a collective approach to getting kids off the street, making sure our children are safe, and that they don’t find, as their only relief, gangs, but they can also find clean, safe neighborhoods and neighborhoods that are free of guns as the only tool to settle their disputes. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the gentlewoman from Texas is quite right. This bill’s payfor comes through consolidation of similar programs, and I think it is important to briefly go over that. Working with the Attorney General’s Office, the author, Mrs. COMSTOCK , went to great lengths to find programs that are essentially doing much the same thing in which, by consolidating, you pick up efficiencies. I particularly note that item two in the bill, the pay for, the Edward Byrne Memorial criminal justice innovation program, is but a small part of the overall socalled Byrne program. Many of the things the gentlewoman from Texas cited are good and are not being consolidated but, rather, a small amount. This targeted approach with our limited funds allows those funds to go further; and particularly as we look at community outreach, these funds, by being consolidated, are part of a community outreach and will be used in similar ways to the programs that they are taking from, but taking from it, in this case, in a consolidated way. 
So I want to thank a former staff member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, the committee that deals with efficiency in government, for looking through the details of these appropriated funds and finding a way to bring them together to give both flexibility and efficiency that I believe this will adhere to. It is the reason that this is a bipartisan bill. The reason that it is so widely accepted is that it has been narrowly targeted. And although I share with the gentlewoman from Texas, my friend from Houston, that in a perfect world we would be plussingup funds, if we are not able to do that at this time, I would support and work with the gentlewoman any time to try to do something similar for some of the areas of her concern. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CRAWFORD ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ISSA) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3249, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1600 TAKING ACCOUNT OF INSTITUTIONS WITH LOW OPERATION RISK ACT OF 2017 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 773, I call up the bill (H.R. 1116) to require the Federal financial institutions regulatory agencies to take risk profiles and business models of institutions into account when taking regulatory actions, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 773, the amendment printed in part C of House Report 115–595 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 1116 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Taking Account of Institutions with Low Operation Risk Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘TAILOR Act of 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and submit extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we were told many, many years ago that DoddFrank was passed to deal with the big Wall Street banks, that somehow our community banks and our credit unions would be held harmless because, Mr. Speaker, they didn’t cause the crisis. Now, we can have the discussion of what did—that is a whole different discussion for a different day—but unfortunately, regardless of whatever good intentions there might have been at the time, and I don’t offer an opinion as to those intentions, the facts are that, since DoddFrank was passed, the big banks are bigger and the small banks and credit unions are fewer. We are losing, on average, a community bank or credit union every other day in America. And as we lose them, Mr. Speaker, so do we lose the hopes and dreams and desires of our constituents, of so many 
hardworking Americans who deserve to buy that car, who deserve to be able to own their own home, who deserve, after working so many years on the assembly line, to finally capitalize their own small business. But none of this is going to happen unless we actually tailor this regulatory burden to the size and complexity of the financial institution, something that, in many respects, was promised by DoddFrank but not delivered by DoddFrank. So I am very, very happy that, today, we have yet another bipartisan bill from the Financial Services Committee that is aimed to promote economic growth, to help hardworking Americans, again, achieve their American Dream, because half of this country is living from paycheck to paycheck, and we need to ease that economic anxiety, and so we have got to make sure that the lifeblood of credit, that capital, is flowing through the system. It is our community banks in particular that fund our small businesses. Unfortunately, up until the advent of the new administration, Mr. Speaker, small business lending by banks was at a 25year low, entrepreneurship was at a generational low. Now, thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we have turned that corner, but we have so much further to go. So a particularly hardworking member of the House Financial Services Committee, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ), has come to us today with H.R. 1116, the Taking Account of Institutions with Low Operation Risk Act, yes, Mr. Speaker, the TAILOR Act. Simply put, what this bill does is simply directs the Federal financial regulators to, again, simply tailor their regulations to entities based upon their size, their risk profile, their complexity. It also demands that they have some transparency in this process by requiring that the regulators report to Congress, report to the representatives of ‘‘we the people’’ how they have actually tailored the regulations—again, something that was implied, something that was promised in DoddFrank but did not actually occur. Again, Mr. Speaker, every single day we hear from our community financial institutions. I heard from one in New Mexico that said: 
You know, we are a $300 million community bank in an area with high unemployment. Thirtyseven percent of our employees are active in community organizations, Little League, charities, and many serve in leadership positions in these organizations, and we also make tens of thousands of dollars in charitable contributions every year; but if our bank can’t survive, you take away the local leadership, you take away the economic engine of our community. 
This banker was clearly talking about the regulatory burden. I heard from one in Iowa: 
I am a mortgage consumer lender and also the compliance officer of a small community bank in rural Iowa. I have been in banking for over 30 years and always enjoyed my job until the last 5 years. The new rules that will be implemented are ridiculous, and at that time, we may discontinue to offer inhouse mortgage loans. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, my mailbox runneth over. As our small banks and credit unions go, so goes the American Dream. At a bare minimum, let’s tailor the rules and regulations to the size and complexity of the institution so our credit unions, so our banks can thrive and, thus, our constituents can thrive and meet their economic goals and responsibilities. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1116, the socalled Taking Account of Institutions with Low Operation Risk Act of 2017, or the TAILOR Act. This bill would weaken important safeguards established since the financial crisis by requiring agencies on the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council—composed of the Federal Reserve Board, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, National Credit Union Administration, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and Office of the Comptroller of the Currency—to perform a biased analysis that favors lessening the costs for industry over protecting consumers and the economy. It was 10 years ago today that Bear Stearns collapsed and the Federal Reserve used taxpayer funding to arrange a shotgun wedding to J.P. Morgan to avoid a catastrophe. We now know that much, much worse was to come, when AIG, Lehman Brothers, the money market fund industry, and hundreds of banks, including all of the largest ones, would need a bailout. And this says nothing of the tremendous damage inflicted on the millions of Americans whose homes were lost to foreclosure, the millions who lost their jobs, and the trillions of dollars of wealth that evaporated. Congress took decisive action to ensure that we were never caught unaware again when it passed the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. Although some claim that the measure that is now before us is aimed at helping community banks, that is not the case. If enacted, this bill would provide all financial institutions, including the largest banks, with opportunities to challenge any and every regulation in court if they felt it was not, so called, uniquely tailored to their business needs. This bill would ignore the mandates and requirements of all other laws passed by Congress and override decades of wellestablished administrative law requirements by subjecting all new financial rules to a vague, if not impossible, standard to meet. This includes an undefined standard of appropriateness and a vague standard of the ability to serve evolving and diverse customer needs; and, importantly, the legislation includes no similar mandate that regulators consider the benefits of Federal regulations, including the promotion of our Nation’s financial stability or the protection of our consumers. Let us not forget that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is the centerpiece of this DoddFrank reform. Prior to DoddFrank, our consumers had nobody looking out for them. They were left and they were taken advantage of, and so that is why we have DoddFrank reform. But it seems that my friends on the opposite side of the aisle have forgotten about all of this. This set of standards that they are promoting not only applies to all future guidance and rulemaking, but retroactively to all of the rulemakings in the past 7 years, which, conveniently for the industry, covers all rules under the DoddFrank Act. But financial regulators already have to go through extensive lookback reviews to refine and improve rules that make sense. In fact, under the Economic Growth and Regulatory Paperwork Reduction Act, or EGRPRA, which my colleagues on the other side of the aisle were just last week calling the gold standard for how regulators should review regulations, the Federal Reserve, OCC, and FDIC are already required to review their rules once every 10 years. During this review, the regulators must identify whether regulations are outdated, unnecessary, or unduly burdensome and consider how to reduce regulatory burdens on insured depository institutions while, at the same time, ensuring safety and soundness. The Consumer Bureau engages in a similar lookback review 5 years after a significant rule takes effect. Make no mistake: I support tiered and tailored regulations for community banks and credit unions, but week after week, we have been on this House floor debating deregulatory gifts to Wall Street instead of moving legislation that actually benefits community banks and credit unions. I know my colleagues on the other side of the aisle and I have differences about DoddFrank, but something we worked hard to do in crafting those critical reforms was to make sure that the law did not impose a onesizefits all approach on every financial institution. So, as you can see, the toughest rules focus on the largest and most complex financial firms that, as we saw in the crisis, can destabilize the financial system and inflict lasting damage to the economy and constituents we serve. We have monitored DoddFrank’s implementation carefully and pushed regulators to tailor rules to reduce unnecessary compliance burdens while maintaining appropriate protections and safeguards for consumers, investors, and taxpayers. We must continue to take this type of targeted approach instead of advancing measures like H.R. 1116, this bill 
that we are talking about right now, which would force the regulators to prioritize costs to Wall Street over benefits to consumers and the economy and expose rulemaking to needless litigation because of the nebulous standards in the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ), the sponsor of the TAILOR Act, who also serves as the vice chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of our Financial Services Committee, a very, very hardworking member of the committee and a real leader to help preserve and maintain our community banks and credit unions. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman HENSARLING for his leadership on this issue, as well, and for considering this bipartisan legislation today. Mr. Speaker, the evergrowing burden and complexity of financial regulations is creating an environment of difficult choices for community banks and credit unions. Often, they must choose to incur the costs of complying with a regulation or cease to offer the financial product the regulation modifies. Whatever choice these community institutions make, it is the local consumer and the local economy that loses. Burdensome regulations drive up the costs of financial products and limit choices for consumers, which decreases a community’s access to financial products and services that help their families to be able to buy their first home, to help small businesses grow. In districts like mine in Colorado, that amounts to real economic impact, especially in towns where the community bank or credit union on the corner is the only true access to credit that the community has. b1615 When smaller institutions are unable to absorb the costs of additional compliance, it is the small towns across America that are disproportionately affected. As one banker from Colorado recently wrote me: We have seen time and again the impact of this regulatory environment consume many hours and resources of our compliance, credit, and audit teams despite the relatively simple business model that we follow. Mr. Speaker, that is why the bipartisan TAILOR Act’s consideration on the floor today is so important. The TAILOR Act directs the Federal financial regulators to take into account the risk profile and business model of institutions as they develop new regulations, making them more targeted, more deliberate. The TAILOR Act also instructs regulators to weigh the impact that new regulatory burdens will have on smaller institutions, meaning real relief from compliance burdens for banks and credit unions. To put the impact of regulations into perspective, the DoddFrank Act alone created 400 new rules and came with 30,000 pages of explanation. In my travels across Colorado, I have heard far too often that community institutions have been forced to stop making home loans or loans to small businesses because they can’t afford to hire more employees to manage the added compliance paperwork. The TAILOR Act would make sure that the compliance burdens are considered when new regulations are made so that community financial institutions won’t have to choose between the needs of their communities and complying with regulations out of Washington, D.C. Community banks and credit unions need to be able to prioritize their customers and the needs of their communities instead of prioritizing compliance with heavy handed regulations. One community banker from Colorado brought this into focus when he wrote me saying: Providing a realtime view of risk and continual review of such a risk applicable to each financial institution allows regulators to direct their attention to developing issues that could have the most damaging effect. With the number of financial institutions declining to historically low levels, the redeployment of focus based on complexity makes sense. Mr. Speaker, in Colorado, mortgages haven’t been made, loans to expand small businesses have been denied, retirees and recently employed workers have been turned away, and relationships between community bankers and their neighbors have been discarded. The onesizefitsall approach to regulating the financial services industry has resulted in decreased access to muchneeded credit. America is now in a position to be able to address this. The trickledown effect of regulation intended to respond to the culpable actions of the big banks after the 2008 financial crisis is harming Main Street and the ability of everyday Americans to be able to realize their financial goals. Directing the regulators to refocus their regulations will help Americans start achieving their goals once again. Once more, the regulators themselves have acknowledged the need for tailored regulations. Both Treasury Secretary Mnuchin and Federal Reserve Chairman Powell have acknowledged the significant need for a return to common sense in the financial regulatory landscape. Mr. Speaker, the TAILOR Act, which passed out of the Financial Services Committee with broad bipartisan support, does just that. Mr. Speaker, I would again like to thank Chairman HENSARLING for considering this measure here today. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ), a member of the Financial Services Committee, ranking member of the Small Business Committee, and a senior member, of course, of our Committee on Financial Services. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, let me take this opportunity to thank the gentlewoman, MAXINE WATERS , for her leadership. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1116, the TAILOR Act. This bill requires regulators on the FFIEC to reduce the scale and scope of their regulations based on the size and profile of a financial institution or class of institutions. Let me be clear: Like many of the bill’s supporters, I strongly believe that we should not take a onesizefits all approach to financial regulation. Financial regulation must be appropriately adjusted according to the size and complexity of an institution or class of institutions. That is why Democrats worked so hard to create these flexibilities in DoddFrank and regulators are already required to adjust their rules accordingly. For example, the CFPB has exempted community banks from many of the requirements under the qualified mortgage rule, and the Federal Reserve has developed different capital standards for banks based on size. Moreover, we already have laws like the Economic Growth and Regulatory Paperwork Reduction Act that instructs Federal financial regulators to go through extensive lookback reviews to update and improve their regulations. So while I agree that it is necessary to review and update our regulatory framework from time to time, particularly for our smaller institutions, I oppose H.R. 1116 because the reviews required under the bill tilt too far in the industry’s favor and fail to provide sufficient protection to the public’s or the consumer’s interest. If enacted, this bill will provide our Nation’s largest financial institutions with the opportunity to challenge any revised rulemaking in court if they felt a regulation was not uniquely tailored to meet their business needs. The bill also requires regulators to ignore the requirements of DoddFrank and other laws and subjects any future financial regulation to vague and impossible standards like appropriateness and necessity. These standards are undefined in the bill, making it very easy for a financial institution to challenge them in court. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Perhaps most importantly, the bill makes no mention of regulators also considering the protection a current or future regulation has for consumers or the benefit it provides to our Nation’s financial stability. Instead of developing sweeping rollbacks of financial regulation, we should instead spend our time working to improve our regulatory framework 
in order to ensure it maintains appropriate protections and safeguards for consumers, investors, and taxpayers. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this illadvised bill. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ), the chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit and a real leader on our committee for proper regulation. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his hard work and leadership on our committee. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. TIPTON , for being such a champion for this initiative and others to bring about a more responsible, effective regulatory regime. For years, Members on both sides of the aisle have advocated for a more tailored, commonsense approach to Federal banking regulation. We have all said, time and time again, that rules designed for large institutions shouldn’t apply to community banks and smaller credit unions. We pressed the Federal financial regulators to take into consideration the risk profile and business models of institutions. In their appearances before the Financial Services Committee and in response to congressional letters and calls, the regulators tell us they are tailoring regulations and supervisory requirements based on individual institutions. They tell us what we want to hear, that one size fits all; but, Mr. Speaker, these institutions have yet to see this relief that they really need. We lose a community bank or a credit union every day in this country. Today we have an opportunity to work together in an effort to change that, to make sure that our constituents continue to have access to the services they need and to achieve financial independence. We are doing a disservice to our communities and the people we represent if we continue to allow rules intended for the largest firms to be forced upon our small financial institutions. Mr. Speaker, I have got a couple of 6 yearold grandsons. When they come over to the house and they want to play basketball, they can’t hit a 10foot goal, so we need to lower the goal in order for them to be able to play. Otherwise, they are going to quit; they get tired, frustrated; and they go away. This is what is happening with our smaller institutions. They are saddled with rules and regulations that are for the larger institutions, yet they have to play that same game and experience the same costs. As a result, they are going out of business at the rate of one a day. This bipartisan bill is straightforward and one that every Member of this body should be able to support. Mr. TIPTON ’s legislation simply requires the Federal financial regulators to actually consider the risk profile and business model of a financial institution and to tailor regulatory actions accordingly. Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank the gentleman from Colorado for his outstanding work on this legislation and ask my colleagues for the support of the TAILOR Act. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am always amazed at the deregulatory bills that are produced by the opposite side of the aisle, and I keep wondering why there are so many attempts to provide the banks and the financial institutions, the largest banks in this country, opportunities to make even more money. According to an estimate from Goldman Sachs, the Republicans’ tax scam bill represents a giant windfall for Wall Street megabanks. So we are here with another bill to deregulate, basically to talk about tailoring. Let me just redefine this tailoring. It just means changing, modifying, coming up with ways that the banks can basically complain about their costs and their burdens. But my friends continue to basically support them in whatever efforts they want in order to make more money. This report that I just referred to estimates that all of the largest banks, eight of the largest banks, will receive $15 billion windfalls on their 2018 tax bill. This includes $3.7 billion for Wells Fargo, $3.5 billion for Bank of America, $3.3 billion for JPMorgan, $1.4 billion for Citigroup, and $1 billion for Goldman Sachs. What more do they want? How much more can you give them? What is the next deregulatory bill that you will come with on this floor? It is interesting to note that the Financial Services Committee is responsible for over 50 percent, or at least 50 percent, of all of the bills coming through the Rules Committee that come to the floor, which means that my friends on the opposite side of the aisle have spent an inordinate amount of time coming up with legislation dealing with deregulation of these big banks. Now, we have a lot of things that we could be doing to protect consumers, working people, and families in that committee. I wish we would spend a lot more time on HUD. The homeless population in this country is expanding. It is exploding all over the country. In New York and California, in the Midwest—you name it—people are on the streets. Do you think we have been able to have a hearing on homelessness in this committee? No, because all of this time is spent on supporting the biggest banks in America and deregulating in ways that will cause them to be able to make more and more money. How much more do they want? How much more do they need? How much time is this Congress going to spend on trying to undo DoddFrank and kill the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau? I don’t know the answers to these questions, Mr. Speaker. And I wish they would answer me, but no, I know they are not going to. They are simply going to come and talk about tailoring. Well, tailoring just means changing, fixing in a way that will benefit the biggest banks. Mr. Speaker, I will let them continue with their deregulatory efforts. I reserve the balance of my time. b1630 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ), the chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman HENSARLING for yielding. My hat is off to the vice chair of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, my good friend, Congressman TIPTON , for this fine piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1116, the TAILOR Act, and I urge its immediate passage. According to the most recent estimates, the 147 new regulations created under the DoddFrank Act have resulted in $40 billion in additional regulatory costs. Unfortunately, this one sizefitsall approach trickles down to consumers and small businesses in my home State of Missouri, who, for years, have struggled to keep up with these unnecessary burdens. I would like to take a moment to share how those burdens have had a real impact on the constituents of Missouri’s Second Congressional District. Due to new regulatory burdens imposed under the DoddFrank Act, a local credit union in my district contacted my office to tell us how they were forced to redirect their efforts away from helping their customers and into bureaucratic studies of how the new rules affected the credit union. Thirdparty costs skyrocketed, as the credit union was forced to spend more money on outside vendors and lawyers for guidance. Instead of providing their customers with new products or decreased costs, employees shifted their focus toward compliance efforts. Congressman TIPTON ’s bill, which enjoys bipartisan support, is yet another example of Congress getting it right. This legislation will focus on the institutions model and risk profile, which will, in turn, allow financial institutions like the one I previously mentioned to focus their time and resources on the communities that they serve. Again, I am proud to support my good friend from Colorado, Congressman TIPTON . I urge all Members to support his bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), who is the chairman of our Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee. 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1116, the Taking Account of Institutions with Low Operation Risk Act of 2017, which directs the Federal financial regulatory agencies to tailor their rulemakings in consideration of the risk profiles and business models of the financial institutions that are subject to such rules. It also directs the agencies to annually report to Congress regarding the specific actions that those agencies have taken to tailor their regulatory actions. I would just like to thank the ranking member of our committee for actually making the argument in favor of this legislation. She is concerned about big banks, or big banks getting benefits, or big banks not getting enough scrutiny. This bill makes sure that regulatory agencies are focused on the systemic institutions and not overwhelmed by responsibilities of regulating nonsystemically important institutions, our community banks, our regulatorychallenged institutions in our communities; not focus so much attention on imposing compliance burdens on small credit unions. That is why I support my good friend from Colorado, Representative TIPTON’s bill, because it gives the regulators more focus on what they should be doing instead of heaping an avalanche of red tape on nonsystemic, small community banks, which are withering on the vine under Dodd Frank. Mr. Speaker, since 2010, the Dodd Frank financial control law has been a disaster for small institutions, those small community banks and credit unions across our country. That law generally applied onesizefitsall rules and regulations on financial institutions, regardless of the fact that many businesses in the same industry are substantially different. This is in recognition of the ranking member’s argument that big banks are different than small banks. For the life of me, I don’t know why she wouldn’t be fully supportive of the bill. As a direct result of DoddFrank, which applies this onesizefitsall approach, the Commonwealth of Kentucky has lost about 20 percent of its banks and credit unions, with more bank closures anticipated in the future. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. BARR. This is particularly concerning because our Statechartered banks provide about 75 percent of the lending in rural America and about half of all the U.S. lending nationwide. As you can see, with fewer community financial institutions due to Dodd Frank’s 28,000 new restrictions, Americans will have less access to the capital they need to buy a home, purchase a car, and start a business. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, Mr. TIPTON , for his leadership on the TAILOR Act. I urge my colleagues, especially the ranking member, to vote in favor of the TAILOR Act, to do exactly what she has been urging, which is allow regulators to focus on big banks, not small community banks. I applaud Mr. TIPTON for fulfilling that objective. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am perplexed and somewhat amused by the statement that the community banks are just withering on the vine. Well, let me just talk about what is happening in the banking community. DoddFrank is not hampering the banking sector at all. In 2016, the industry made record profits of $171 billion, and community banks are outperforming their larger peers. At the end of 2016, lending was up 8.3 percent for community banks and 4.8 percent for larger banks. Credit unions are expanding, and they have increased their membership by more than 16 million since 2010, an increase of 18 percent. We oftentimes talk about what we are doing to the community banks. But we always—you, rather, always have a way of making sure that big banks are attached to this deregulation that you say you want to do for community banks. All you have to do is amend this bill and make it apply only to community banks. Would the gentleman who is talking about what the ranking member should understand and should be thinking about be willing to amend the bill so that it only applies to community banks? That is rhetorical, and I won’t ask for an answer. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), the vice chairman of the Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my support for the TAILOR Act. As the vice chairman of the Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee, and a cosponsor of this bipartisan bill, I also want to thank my colleague, Representative TIPTON , for his work on this measure. I emphasize bipartisan. I listened to the other side of the aisle, and it sounds like there would be no support for this legislation, but there is support for this legislation. I wonder if the ranking member has been having some of the conversations with some of her members, because, over the past few years, we have learned that onesize fitsall, those rules, are a recipe for a more concentrated and less dynamic financial system. I spend a lot of time talking with community bankers, credit unions, and their customers. They complain about skyrocketing compliance costs and regulatory burdens that force them to take attention away from their core businesses when they continue to add staff not to serve customers but to work on compliance issues. Consumers complained about higher prices, fewer choices, and less access to important financial products. Small and midsized institutions play an important role in financing the dreams and aspirations of Main Street businesses and middle class families. Unfortunately, these institutions are disproportionately affected by the one sizefitsall rules coming out of Washington, D.C. Banks and credit unions are merging or closing altogether, and new banks are not forming to take their place. Storied institutions with multigenerational relationships in their communities are being forced to close their doors and abandon the cities and towns they once served. It is very sad, Mr. Speaker, to see a small town with a shuttered bank. We see it across western Pennsylvania and we are seeing it across the country. This has an unmistakable impact on our economy. I remind the other side about the studies where, because of the overregulation over the last 10 years, that 650,000 fewer small businesses have been created; 6.5 million fewer jobs, that is 6.5 million fewer people paying Social Security tax, 6.5 million people fewer paying Medicare tax; critical, critical jobs that have not been created. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, small businesses can’t get the loans that they need. Families can’t get the mortgage or pay for college. All of this means that the American Dream is getting harder and harder for people across the country. Again, as I often remind my colleagues, the solution isn’t deregulation. It is right regulation. The TAILOR Act achieves this. By enacting the TAILOR Act, we can focus regulatory energy and resources where they are most needed and help reinvigorate our community financial institutions. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I was just reviewing this bill somewhat and it has come to my attention that this socalled tailoring, which really means modifying, changing, doing something different, is for each individual bank. So each individual bank could say: We do things this way, so we want a rule that is tailored especially for us. Another bank could say: We do things another way, and we want some separate rules just for us. And on and on for every bank. Is this what this is all about? Is this what this socalled tailoring is about? This tailoring, which is modifying, 
changing, basically deregulating in the interest of the big banks to make sure they can reduce their costs and get rid of what they would call their burdens? Are you really talking about having our regulators look at each bank and say: You do business a little bit different, so we are going to change the rules just to fit your bank? Well, Mr. Speaker, it doesn’t seem to me as if this is plausible. This does not make good sense. I don’t understand why my friends on the opposite side of the aisle, in their deregulatory efforts, would even try this one. This one doesn’t work. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. LUCAS ), a senior member of the Financial Services Committee, and the former chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, who knows how important our community banks are to the world of agriculture. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased today to speak on Mr. TIPTON ’s bill, the TAILOR Act. But first I would note, as always, in participating in these kind of debates, any time you have a discussion led by Chairman HENSARLING and by Ranking Member WATERS , it is always an exciting, stimulating debate, and the intensity and the focus is always there. But, today, we are focused on what I think is a very important piece of legislation because too often we think of financial institutions as the big guys, the truly massive entities. The truth is, however, that institutions that accept deposits from Americans come in all shapes and sizes. Thus, it is important that the regulators consider those many shapes and sizes when requiring compliance. The TAILOR Act would require that consideration by regulators. My colleagues have already discussed that this provision has passed the House and is supported by the administration, as well as several industry groups. But I will note that for anyone in this body who represents a rural area, I guarantee banks and credit unions in your district are devoting a large portion of their budget to compliance. That is money that could easily go toward providing credit to the many Americans who need it. Shouldn’t the regulators consider the small institutions when forming these regulations? This bill will free up some ability for those institutions to lend money to typical Americans and local businesses. I know my district would see the benefits of this bill, and I would guess that many districts nationwide would also benefit in the same ways. I want to thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ) for working so diligently on this bill and bringing it through the committee process, bringing it to the floor today, and giving us the opportunity to vote for it. I urge that vote. I advocate support. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased that my colleague on the opposite side of the aisle, Congressman LUCAS , enjoys engaging in these discussions also. I watched very closely his countenance, and I see that he is enjoining it even more than I ever dreamed he would. So let us continue with this very lively debate where we can at least lift the spirits of each other as we go through our daily work. Having said that, the chairman likes to say that we lose a community bank a day. However, last year, only eight banks failed. b1645 The other 230 banks merged with others, and I would like the chairman to even acknowledge that long before DoddFrank, we were losing a bank a day, and that trend had been going on for 30 years. So I do not wish us to think that something new and extraordinary is happening, that somehow we have come to a point in time in the banking world where banks are being lost on a daily basis in a way that they have not been lost before. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ), a very hardworking member of the House Financial Services Committee. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the time. Mr. Speaker, on countless occasions, my colleagues on the House Financial Services Committee have called out the challenges faced by our family owned community banks and credit unions created by the onesizefitsall regulatory approach of this Federal Government. We keep repeating this message because this is what all of us, Republicans and Democrats, are hearing from our constituents on Main Street U.S.A. As a direct result of the overly burdensome and unnecessary Federal regulation, members of the Ideal Credit Union in Minnesota pay an additional $225, and it now takes over 44 days to close a home mortgage. Ideal told me that, if the credit union could return to a more normal, reasonable processing time, their members would be better served and the process would be more efficient. My colleague from Colorado has heard similar examples from his constituents, too. That is why he introduced the TAILOR Act, to change the way agencies regulate our small town financial institutions that are telling us time and time again they need relief. Representative TIPTON ’s legislation will direct the Federal regulatory agencies responsible for regulating our local Main Street financial institutions to consider a few factors when they are regulating, such as the impact their actions have on the ability of banks and credit unions to serve their customers, the risk profile and business models of the institutions they regulate, and the necessity and appropriateness of the regulations they are imposing. Tailored regulations are smart regulations and will help to limit the regulatory burden our community banks and credit unions continue to face. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of aisle to listen to the stories of their constituents and support the relief they are asking for. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1116, the TAILOR Act. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I keep hearing my colleagues talk about one size does not fit all and they keep trying to make a case for the community banks, but they always tie the community banks to these deregulatory efforts so that the big banks can benefit from it. When I take a look at the Dodd Frank requirements and how they target the largest banks, let’s take a look at those banks that are less than $10 billion in assets. They don’t have to comply with all of these regulations. If they are a little bit bigger, they are between $10 billion and $50 billion, they have to comply with just a few more, but not as many as the large banks. If they are $50 billion to $250 billion, yes, we have a few more requirements for them. And then the big boys, the big banks, yes, we have more oversight and more requirements. Do you know why? Because they put this entire economy at risk if they fail. When we talk about doing all of the stresstesting, we are stresstesting on these banks because we know that, in the event of an economic downfall, if they don’t have the capital, if they don’t have the kinds of things that would keep them safe, they could trigger another recession. So stop saying that one size does not fit all and trying to make people believe that somehow we are requiring the same thing of the small community bank as we are requiring of the big bank. It is absolutely not true. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ), someone who knows that one size does not fit all. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, again, I appreciate the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) for allowing me this time to speak in strong support of the TAILOR Act and for my colleague, Mr. TIPTON , for bringing this legislation forward. I am an original cosponsor of this bill, Mr. Speaker, not just because it is just one of these bills that you want your name on. It is because I really believe in the concept that rightsizing 
regulation of our community banks and credit unions is what they need to be able to survive and succeed. Now, I want to make something clear. The other side has argued that if one bank wants a regulation one way and another one wants a regulation another way, it is almost impossible. It is the regulators that are doing the tailoring. It is the regulators, not the banks, that would tailor the rules. And if the minority side does not trust the regulators enough, they should not have extended all this power to them through DoddFrank. The truth is, Mr. Speaker, every time I meet with community banks and credit unions in my district, they tell me about the excessive regulatory compliance burdens that this onesize fitsall regulatory scheme has on them, and they describe it as a death by 1,000 cuts. In other words, it is not one single regulation that makes it difficult to do business; it is the combination of many under this onesizefitsall scheme. That is why this TAILOR Act is so important for the small guy. Since the financial crisis, our Nation has lost one community bank or credit union a day. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, in Georgia, we have lost more banks than any other State in the Nation, and, today, 52 of Georgia’s 159 counties do not have a community bank headquartered there, and we have three counties that have no bank at all. The TAILOR Act is simple. It is a commonsense idea, and I stand in full support. I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this commonsense act to rightsize regulations for our small banks and credit unions. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have left. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FORTENBERRY ). The gentlewoman from California has 10 minutes remaining. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Members, and to my colleagues on the opposite side of the aisle, I am going to take a couple of minutes to bore you. I am going to bore you with all of the groups who are opposed to your legislation. I heard one of your Members say that you have tremendous support. I didn’t hear where that support is coming from, but I do believe that probably the biggest banks in America are supporting your legislation. So please allow me to share with you who is opposing your legislation. Allied Progress; the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees; Americans for Financial Reform; the Arkansans Against Abusive Payday Lending; Center for American Progress; Center for Economic Integrity; Center for Justice and Democracy; Center for Responsible Lending; Consumer Action; Consumer Federation of America; Consumers for Auto Reliability and Safety; Consumers Union; Demos; the Florida Alliance for Consumer Protection; Indivisible; Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility; Jacksonville Area Legal Aid Incorporated; the Kentucky Equal Justice Center; the NAACP; the National Association of Consumer Advocates; the National Association of Consumer Bankruptcy Attorneys; the National Center for Law and Economic Justice; the National Coalition for the Homeless; the National Consumer Law Center, on behalf of its lowincome clients; the National Consumers League; the National Fair Housing Alliance; the National Urban League; the People’s Action Institute; PolicyLink; Progressive Congress Action Fund; Prosperity Now; Public Citizen; Public Justice Center; Reinvestment Partners; Statewide Poverty Action Network; Tennessee Citizen Action; U.S. PIRG; West Virginia Center on Budget and Policy; the Woodstock Institute; and the World Privacy Forum. If you have time, I would like you to share with me who is supporting your legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I don’t have any further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I am prepared to close, so I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the majority is continuing to move to roll back important financial regulations at a furious pace. Week after week, the majority pushes harmful bills through the House. This bill is just the latest example. In recent months, this deregulatory frenzy has included House passage of bills that, among other things, allow payday lenders to evade State interest cap rates, decrease operational risk capital requirements and roll back enhanced prudential standards for the Nation’s largest banks, weaken consumer protections for mortgages, undermine efforts to combat discriminatory and predatory lending, reduce consumer privacy protections, and threaten the stability of our financial system and economy. Last week, Republicans pushed through H.R. 4607, another bill that is designed to weaken rules considered inconvenient by the financial services industry, despite the harm that could result for consumers and the economy. As we have discussed, the bill we are debating today, H.R. 1116, would allow large financial institutions to challenge financial regulations in court if they believe them not to be uniquely tailored to their business needs. It includes a provision that would allow these challenges for all of the financial regulations put in place following the financial crisis, making all of the important DoddFrank reforms targets. Of course, the legislation is totally silent on the need for regulators to consider the interest of consumers and to ensure the stability of our economy as they conduct rulemakings. Ultimately, this bill would serve to put consumers and the financial system at risk by subjecting important regulations to endless litigation. It is designed to block and bog down important rules that were put in place following the financial crisis to protect consumers, investors, and our economy. I would simply urge Members to oppose H.R. 1116, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have left. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 41⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ) for his leadership. Again, whether it be through failure, whether it be through merger or acquisition, we still, on average, are losing a community bank or credit union a day in America. And when we listen to them, Mr. Speaker, what we know is it is the regulatory burden. I know that the ranking member speaks frequently of the Wall Street megabanks. They have done quite fine under DoddFrank. The ranking member likes to allude to their profitability. Listen, I hope every business in America can find some way to be profitable, but that is not the question. The real question is the profitability of our constituents, half of whom are living paycheck to paycheck. And it is those constituents who we care about when we lose an opportunity for them to capitalize their American Dream. When I hear from Colton in Terrell, Texas, in the Fifth District that I proudly represent, who says: 
You know what? Me and my wife have been unable to get a mortgage due to credit. We are 25 to 30 years old. We have good credit, but we are getting denied. 
That is everything to do with the regulatory burden, Mr. Speaker. I heard from Sara in Eustace in my district. She writes: 
I would like to refinance with a cashout option to fix some storm damage to my property and home, but I found out that it is not an option for me because the government doesn’t believe I should be able to do this. 
I heard from Alan, in Kaufman, Texas, who said: 
However, as a smallbusiness owner, I offer owner financing for real estate to people with little or no credit, but the overregulation of DoddFrank has caused my cost of business to rise. I am forced to pass that cost on to the consumer. Regulations cost the consumer, not the business. 
So the ranking member wants to know who is for this bill. Well, I can 
tell you what, Colton is for this bill, Sara is for this bill, Al is for this bill, and, oh, by the way, so is the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK), Democratic member of our committee; so is the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GOTTHEIMER ), Democratic member of our committee; so is the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GONZALEZ ), Democrat member of our committee; so is the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. SCOTT), Democratic member of our committee. Again, there is lots of great bipartisan work that goes on at the House Financial Services Committee. Regrettably, very little of it takes place with the participation of the ranking member. b1700 Again, this is a very simple bill. It just says tailor the regulation. Tailor the regulation to the size and complexity. Mr. Speaker, I don’t believe in too bigtofail banks. I don’t believe any financial institution is too big to fail in America. I am not going to vote to bail them out with taxpayer funds; maybe the ranking member will. But if I did, if I believed in toobig tofail banks, it would be limited to about eight or nine. Using the ranking member’s favorite phrase, the Wall Street megabanks. Then, fine. Then why don’t we see an amendment from her that limits the entirety of Dodd Frank to the socalled Wall Street megabanks? I am still waiting for that amendment. I have yet to see it. Why don’t we release the rest of the banking and credit union world to help finance the American Dream, to help finance the cars, to help finance the small businesses, to help finance the homes? Again, it is a simple amendment. It is a bipartisan amendment. And, by the way, it happens to be one of the most important amendments supported by the trade associations for the credit unions and for our community banks. So they believe in it, Mr. Speaker. So I encourage every Member of this body to vote for the TAILOR Act and save our community banks and credit unions to finance the American Dream. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 773, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. CONNOLLY. I am in its present form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: Mr. Connolly moves to recommit the bill H.R. 1116 to the Committee on Financial Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Page 3, line 22, insert ‘‘, unless such tailoring is done at the request of and for the personal gain of the President, his or her immediate family members, or senior Executive Branch officials who are required to file annual financial disclosure forms, or is otherwise determined inappropriate by the appropriate Federal financial regulator’’ before the period at the end. 
Mr. CONNOLLY (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that further reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to this bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to the committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended, and you are going to love it. My amendment would prohibit Federal agencies that regulate financial institutions from tailoring their regulation of the financial industry at the request of and the personal gain of the President, the President’s family members, or senior executive branch officials; something that ought to concern us in light of recent headlines. This is a simple prohibition that in any other era would pass for common sense. Unfortunately, we have become inured to the daily outrages emanating from this White House, and we are learning how much our democracy depends on the morality and ethical behavior of individuals in the absence of institutional restraints. When the President calls his friend to tip him off, if that is what happened, to a major announcement about steel tariffs, and that friend dumps affected stocks, there is no mechanism to prevent that from happening. It just shouldn’t happen. Morality and ethics dictate as much. When a senior White House employee repeatedly violates the Hatch Act, allegedly, we depend on the President to punish and rein in that kind of behavior. If he doesn’t, nothing happens, and the message to the rest of the Federal Government is that the politicalization of government institutions is okay as long as it is the President who approves your motives. Now, of course, this institution, a coequal branch of government under our Constitution, could create consequences, but, of course, we won’t. Instead, we will continue to turn a blind eye to activities and behavior that are dangerous to our democracy, Mr. Speaker. Behavior that should concern any patriotic American. In predicting inaction by this body, I am not engaging in idle speculation. This Congress has a proven track record of shirking its institutional responsibilities for basic oversight of the executive branch, irrespective of who is in the White House. Take the President’s tax returns. That which was once a norm, Presidents releasing their tax returns as a credential to be examined for Presidency, was overturned by the simple refusal to do so by this President. We depended for so long on candidates and Presidents to selfgovern, to selfreport, that we didn’t anticipate the scenario in which a President, so devoid of any sense of transparency and accountability, would simply say: No, I won’t do that. And not so much as a whimper from the Congress. A year ago, one might have said Congress would never pass the President’s tax plan without insisting on first seeing the President’s tax returns and how he might stand to benefit or not from the actions we took. Well, we did just that. And in the process, we exploded the deficit by close to $2 trillion for good measure. This should go without saying, but the corruption that is emanating in this time, in this administration, is not normal. It is not how the government should be run. Neither President Trump, Jared Kushner, nor Ivanka Trump has divested entirely from their personal businesses. And our appreciation for divestiture as an anticorruption measure only grows in its absence. The President’s soninlaw and senior White House official, Jared Kushner, has been freelancing meetings with foreign governments while also seeking financing from those countries for his distressed property at 666 Fifth Avenue in Manhattan. He is taking meetings with financial institutions in his official capacity, apparently, and then turning around and securing, apparently, hundreds of millions of dollars in loans for his family business from those same institutions. This is not normal. It is not how government should be run. We should not be selling our foreign and domestic policies to the highest bidder at a real estate auction. This Congress could hold hearings, could issue subpoenas, could create real consequence for these actions, but we see and hear no evil. The Oversight and Government Reform Committee, on which I sit, is missing in action. We have requested multiple subpoenas for information from the White House on everything from General Flynn’s activity while serving as National Security Advisor to Jared Kushner’s conflicts of interest, or apparent conflicts of interest, and inability to obtain a security clearance. Not a single subpoena request has been granted by the majority. The majority won’t even give us a vote on those requests. It may seem tedious 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NAYS—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford 
Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Ca´rdenas Cummings Davis, Danny Katko Lieu, Ted Lipinski Moore Rice (NY) Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Slaughter Smith (MO) Speier Tsongas Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1737 Messrs. ROKITA, MITCHELL, Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER, Messrs. STEWART, THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida, BUCK, and GRAVES of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. RASKIN, NEAL, DOGGETT, LOWENTHAL, and SCHRADER changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 107. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 247, nays 169, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—169 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Courtney Crist Crowley Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOT VOTING—14 
Cummings Davis, Danny Katko Lieu, Ted Lipinski Olson Rice (NY) Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Slaughter Smith (MO) Tsongas Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1745 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for the following votes because I chose to remain in my congressional district in Miami because of health reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall Vote No. 104; ‘‘no’’ on rollcall Vote No. 105; ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall Vote No. 106; ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall Vote No. 107; and ‘‘no’’ on rollcall Vote No. 108. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4061, FINANCIAL STABILITY OVERSIGHT COUNCIL IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4293, STRESS TEST IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. BUCK, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–600) on the resolution (H. Res. 780) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4061) to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to improve the transparency of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, to improve the SIFI designation process, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4293) to reform the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review process, the Dodd Frank Act Stress Test process, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RUTHERFORD ) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
and all papers and do all other acts for me under the name of the Clerk of the House which they would be authorized to do by virtue of this designation, except such as are provided by statute, in case of my temporary absence or disability. This designation shall remain in effect for the 115th Congress or until modified by me. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS, Clerk of the House. f 
IN MEMORY OF SERGEANT MARK J. BASERMAN (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in remembrance of a remarkable community servant, a faithful friend and husband, and a brave veteran: Sergeant Mark J. Baserman. A corrections officer who devoted many years of service at the State Correctional Institute in Somerset, Pennsylvania, Mark tragically lost his life in the line of duty on February 26, 2018. Known throughout Johnstown and by colleagues as a man of integrity, bravery, and strength, thousands attended his remembrance service to pay their respects to Mark and his family. A 1975 graduate of Greater Johnstown VoTech High School, as a young man, Mark volunteered many years with the Oakland Volunteer Fire Company and he served in the Army. Before becoming a corrections officer, Mark worked more than 20 years as a first responder with East Hills Ambulance Service. Mark’s life history of public service is evident. Putting others first, including his wife, Rebecca, and mother, Lucille—both who have physical disabilities—is a powerful testimony and a shining example. Mr. Speaker, as we grieve the loss of this honorable man, I offer my deepest condolences to Mark’s family, friends, and the Johnstown community. 
SCHOOL AND GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION (Ms. BONAMICI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to say that we must refuse to accept gun violence as normal. Today, I stand with students from Oregon to Florida, who are courageously and peacefully demanding that their elected leaders take real action to prevent gun violence in their communities. This past weekend I met Madeline, a high school student from Beaverton, Oregon. She said that now when she enters a classroom, her first thought is: where can she hide, and how could she escape. As a mom, that broke my heart. And I heard from students in McMinnville, Oregon. They told me they are terrified when they hear a fire alarm because that is how the Parkland, Florida, massacre started. How have we become a country where our students are afraid in their classrooms? Mr. Speaker, we owe it to Madeline and to all of the students around the country to protect them from violence and to keep them safe in school and in their communities. The STOP School Violence Act is a modest first step, but we must do more. We must listen to the voices of the students and work toward creating a safer future for them and for everyone. f 
FEDERAL COURT DISRESPECTS WORLD WAR I VETERANS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in 1925, the American Legion erected a memorial in Bladensburg, Maryland, to honor the 49 men who were killed in World War I. The mothers of those who died decided to erect a large cross to mirror the crossshaped grave markers in the foreign cemeteries where their sons were buried. The 40foottall memorial became known as the Peace Cross. Even though the monument is secular, and after almost 100 years, an agnostic Federal court ruled the historic monument must be torn down, all because it is in the shape of a cross. The wrongheaded decision to tear down the 93yearold monument is proof that this Federal court has no respect for the sacrifices of Americans killed in World War I. Instead of destroying monuments, we should erect more. What is next? Are Federal judges going to chisel off the crosses on grave markers at veterans’ cemeteries? We will see. Keep the Memorial Peace Cross memorial. Heaven forbid, don’t remove the cross. And that is just the way it is. 
HAPPY PI DAY (Mr. MCNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, every year on March 14, mathematicians and dessert lovers around the world come together to celebrate a shared constant in our lives. It may sound irrational, but it is actually transcendental. Pi Day is a day dedicated to celebrating everything fascinating in the world of mathematics by recognizing its most famous number: 3.14. Pi represents the ratio of a circle’s circumference to its diameter, and has been calculated to over 1 trillion digits. It was first discovered in Ancient Greece and has captivated mathematicians like myself for over 1,000 years. While Congress officially recognized Pi Day in 2009, it was in 1988 that the transcendental number got its day of dedication, when physicist Larry Shaw organized the first Pi Day at the San Francisco Exploratorium science museum. Today, pi is used in all kinds of applications and can be found throughout our lives. So to my fellow mathematicians, dessert lovers, and all of those celebrating today, I wish you a happy Pi Day. f 
CONGRATULATING MINNESOTA STATE WRESTLING CHAMPIONS (Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, although Minnesota is known for hockey, I rise today to recognize the impressive high school wrestling programs in Minnesota’s Second District. This season, Shakopee and Apple Valley continued their strong, outstanding records in wrestling. In fact, Apple Valley held 12 straight State titles until this year, when Shakopee edged them out in the sectionals. And while Shakopee did not bring home the State title, wrestlers from both Apple Valley and Shakopee put up some extraordinary victories. Trey Rogers from Hastings finished his season with a perfect record. Shakopee’s Alex Lloyd won his third State championship. And Apple Valley’s Gable Steveson concluded his high school career with a winning percentage of 0.986, the best in State history. I am proud to have such driven State athletes in my district. Their dedication and hard work will continue to bring them success for years to come, and I look forward to seeing future victories from our Second District wrestlers. 
CHILDREN OF OUR NATION (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, the children of our Nation are raising their voices. In the last couple of days in my district, many young people representing the 140,000 DACAstatus young people in Texas and 800,000 in the Nation walked and shouted and asked and cajoled and spoke eloquently about the ridiculous malaise of this Congress, where we have not reauthorized DACA when there is a bill ready to move. Do we care about our children? Do we care about the doctors, lawyers, and astronauts? Do we care about the teachers? Do we care about the parents—mothers and fathers—all DACA status individuals who love this Nation? And then today we heard from the voices of those who raised their hands 
and said: I do not feel safe in school. I do not feel safe. So they left their schools and honored those who died in Florida just a few weeks ago. They begged for this Nation and this Congress to get out of its stupor and to begin to pass real gun safety legislation. Raise the age. Ban the bump stocks. Have universal background checks. The children’s voices are crying. Finally, Mr. Speaker, where in the world does General Sessions get in his mind that he can fire FBI Directors, Assistant Directors? And where in the world does the President get in his mind that he can fire the Secretary of State in such a disgraceful manner? 
b1800 PUBLIC SCHOOLS WEEK (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Public Schools Week. A quality public education is among the most important gifts we can provide to our children. As a product of a terrific public school, where my son also attended and graduated from 30 years later, I understand the challenges our local schools, administrators, and teachers are facing in public schools. Ninety percent of American children attend public school, making the local school district in most communities the largest and most significant employer. I had and will continue to be a strong advocate for public schools throughout our communities and throughout our Nation. Throughout my time in office, I have called for responsible increases in education and resources to our public schools, that are increasingly having to take on unfunded mandates and face many of the societal challenges that are now brought into the school districts. As a former member of the New York State Assembly Education Committee, I fought against a very unfair school aid formula that indirectly and unfairly impacted our upstate public schools. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the public schools and thanking those teachers, administrators, and custodians who provide guidance and provide leadership and a lifetime of memories to our students. Communities are stronger and schools are better when we work together to support public education. 
NATIONAL SCHOOL WALKOUT (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, today, high school students got up from their desks and walked out of their classes to take a stand against gun violence and for school safety. From the east coast of Florida to the central coast of California, students left their classrooms for 17 minutes to remember the 17 lives lost at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School and to demand that Congress take action on gun violence. Now, today, Mr. Speaker, I commend you. We acted together to pass the STOP School Violence Act for school safety and security, but with all due respect, Mr. Speaker, that is not enough, and it is time we come together to pass commonsense reforms that have broad support across our Nation, from banning bump stocks to repealing the Dickey amendment, to fixing our system of background checks. We all appreciate the emotion and passion by the high school students all across our country, but we realize, as they do, that thoughts and prayers only go so far. So now it is up to Congress to govern not just by crisis, but actually by leadership to make our schools, our communities, and our country safer. f 
THE LIBERAL MEDIA (Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, the American people hate the # inhuman liberal media more and more every day. The last example? A Washington Post op ed, titled, ‘‘I Would Have Aborted a Fetus With Down Syndrome.’’ My entire hometown of Sugar Land, Texas, was disgusted by those nine words. I sent the hurtful article to Ammie, Massey, and Kristin, three friends with gorgeous Down kids. Ammie was stunned, because The Post basically said: 
If you knew your child would have cancer, cerebral palsy, diabetes, be deaf, blind, mute, or autistic, they should be aborted. 
Ammie’s Sadie has Down. Ammie says about her daughter: 
Even on my hardest days, her smile can take all the difficulties away from my day. I will forget them. Through my tears, I typed this note. 
Mr. Speaker, none of us is perfect and none of us should be aborted because we are not perfect. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CHARLESTON HARTFIELD (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Charleston Hartfield. Charleston was a military veteran who served for 16 years and was deployed to Iraq. He had received a Presidential Citation for extraordinary heroism in Iraq, along with numerous other individual commendations and achievement medals. After the military, Charleston began his career with the Las Vegas Police Department, where he had worked for 11 years while also being an active member of the National Guard. Along with protecting our Nation, he also enjoyed coaching youth football. Although he had no experience in football, he bought and studied books about coaching. Charleston was a husband and a father to a son and a daughter. He attended the Route 91 music festival on October 1 in Las Vegas with his wife, who was his high school sweetheart. Charleston died trying to save the lives of concertgoers. As gunfire erupted, he immediately jumped in to usher people to safety. He was loved by many and touched many lives. As a published memoir author, Charleston’s story will always be remembered. He was a selfless man who dedicated his life to protecting the community and country he loved. We also grieve the loss of Charleston’s mother, who died 2 days after his funeral from what many people said was a broken heart. I would like to extend my condolences to Charleston Hartfield’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas and the State of Nevada and the entire country grieve with you. f 
PALMETTO WOMEN’S CENTER (Mr. NORMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to highlight a prolife pregnancy center in my own district, the Palmetto Women’s Center. The Palmetto Women’s Center is focused on uniting hope, health, and healing to women as they bring a child into their family. The center provides women with pregnancy tests, ultrasounds, Biblical counseling, education from nurses, connections within the community for access to resources, and much, much more. For example, the center partners with the Rock Hill Salvation Army to ensure that soonto be mothers can have access to maternity clothing and baby supplies. The Palmetto Women’s Center will be able to reach more women in my district as they begin operating in their new mobile unit. This will allow the staff of the center to travel throughout the district and provide women with the center’s free services. Palmetto Women’s Center is working to lower the number of abortions in South Carolina and supporting women as they choose life for their children. I 
applaud the work that prolife pregnancy centers are doing, and I will continue to be an advocate for them and for life. 
CELEBRATING CONGRESSWOMAN MARCY KAPTUR (Ms. SA´NCHEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate my dear friend, MARCY KAPTUR , from the Ninth District of Ohio. Earlier today, the Speaker and minority leader honored MARCY for hitting a historic milestone. She is the longest serving woman in the history of the House, which is quite an accomplishment. Ever since joining Congress, MARCY  has been blazing trails, and I have been honored to know her for many years and to work with her on important issues impacting working families. She has been a steadfast advocate for labor unions, fighting to ensure that hardworking men and women get paid a decent wage, and she has been fighting efforts to ship good American jobs overseas. MARCY knows that labor unions are a critical part of our country, creating a middle class and moving us all forward. She has also been a strong advocate for our military and national security. Her work is far from done. I know she will continue to be a powerful voice in our Caucus, and I look forward to many more years working with MARCY  on issues that are important to the American people. 
THE WALK UP MOVEMENT (Mr. STIVERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, as co chairman of the House Civility and Respect Caucus, I want to talk about something that people aren’t talking about today. There is a movement called the walk up movement, where a lot of kids around this country are taking action. They are walking up to the kid who sits alone and asking him to join their group. They are walking up to the kid who never has a voluntary partner and asking them to be the partner. They are walking up to teachers and saying, ‘‘thank you.’’ They are walking up to people and just being nice. Civility and respect is for everyone. It makes a difference in our lives. There are a lot of people recognizing a lot of things today, but I just want to recognize, today, that the walk up movement is constructive, it is helpful, and it is going to change people for the better. 
HONORING CONGRESSWOMAN MARCY KAPTUR (Mr. RYAN of Ohio asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor our colleague from Ohio, Congresswoman MARCY KAPTUR , who has become the longest serving woman in the United States House of Representatives. She is from Toledo, Ohio. I want to rise today to recognize being able to see someone of her caliber for so many years contribute so greatly. The World War II monument on The Mall here in Washington, D.C., was a longterm project that she started and she finished. Those of us who represent working class people in Ohio know Marcy, respect Marcy. She is tough, she is smart, and she has one of the biggest hearts in this Chamber. This is what I love about her: she is not afraid to say the word ‘‘union’’ and to recognize the power of working people coming together to bring economic justice to our society. Mr. Speaker, we salute Ms. KAPTUR ’s service and look forward to many, many more years ahead working on behalf and for those working class families in Ohio. 
HONORING OFFICER RYAN MORTON (Mrs. HARTZLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and to applaud the heroism of Clinton Police Officer Ryan Morton, who gave his life last week protecting the citizens of Clinton, Missouri. Ryan was beloved by all. He was a veteran who fought in Afghanistan, an ardent Royals fan, and a dedicated law enforcement officer who stepped up to serve his community as a fulltime police officer after the tragic death of another Clinton police officer named Gary Michael. Sadly, Officer Morton lost his life 7 months to the day after Officer Michael was killed. Officer Morton embodied what we all should emulate: dedication, patriotism, service, and a willingness to lay down one’s life for others. We mourn the loss, but we celebrate Ryan’s life. May the Lord comfort his family and the Clinton Police Department, and may his example inspire us all. 
NORTH CAROLINA CENTRAL UNIVERSITY MEN’S BASKETBALL TEAM CHAMPS (Mr. BUTTERFIELD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise with great pride to congratulate the North Carolina Central University men’s basketball team for winning the 2018 MidEastern Athletic Conference Basketball Tournament. NCCU, Mr. Speaker, is located in Durham, North Carolina. For the second successive year, the NCCU Eagles won the MEAC tournament, by defeating the Hampton University Pirates 71 to 63. As a proud alumnus of NCCU, I was delighted to cheer the entire team, the players, the coaches, and staff during their outstanding performance in one of the Nation’s most popular college athletic tournaments. The basketball program has benefited from the exceptional leadership of Head Coach LeVelle Moton and Athletic Director Dr. Ingrid Wicker McCree. I want to reiterate, Mr. Speaker, how proud I am of the NCCU men’s basketball team and the entire Eagle family on this historic win. The hard work of the team and the unwavering support of Eagle pride and Chancellor Dr. Johnson Akinleye, NCCU students, and the faculty and all of the staff have made this accomplishment possible. I wish this great team much success as they embark upon the NCAA tournament. Go Eagles. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  the names of the players, the coaches, and the staff. 
NORTH CAROLINA CENTRAL UNIVERSITY 2017– 2018 MEN’SBASKETBALL ROSTER  Larry McKnight, Jr.; C.J. Wiggins; Zacarry Douglas; Brandon Goldsmith; Jordan Perkins; Reggie Gardner, Jr.; Rashann London; Alston Jones; Alex Mills; Pablo Rivas; Raekwon Harney; Marius McAllister; Dominique Reid; Raasean Davis; John Guerra. 
COACHING STAFF  LeVelle Moton, Head Coach, Men’s Basketball; Luke D’Alessio, Assistant Coach, Men’s Basketball; Reggie Sharp, Assistant Coach, Men’s Basketball; Eric Wilson, Assistant Coach, Men’s Basketball; LaRon Parks, Director of Basketball Operations. f 
NIFLA V. BECERRA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HARRIS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the topic of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Maryland? There was no objection. Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, next Tuesday, March 20, the Supreme Court will hear oral arguments for the case NIFLA v. Becerra. At issue is a California law that requires medically licensed prolife pregnancy centers to advertise for and to promote the abortion industry by posting notices alerting clients that the State of California provides free or lowcost abortions. 
This law blatantly violates the Free Speech Clause of the First Amendment. The government may never compel anyone, including pregnancy centers, to make statements with which they disagree. This is clearly and blatantly unconstitutional, and courts across the Nation agree. When abortionists sought to compel the speech of pregnancy centers in other jurisdictions, their laws were not allowed to stand. In fact, in 2009, in my home State of Maryland, a Baltimore city ordinance required pregnancy centers to post signs in their waiting rooms stating that they do not refer for abortions. This January, the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled unanimously that this law is unconstitutional. Judge Wilkinson said that the ordinance compels ‘‘a politically and religiously motivated group to convey a message fundamentally at odds with its core belief and its mission.’’ Similar laws have been tried in Austin, Texas; Montgomery County, Maryland; and New York City. These laws, too, have been partially or fully invalidated. Even the California law in question has already been found to violate freedom of speech. While the Federal case was advancing to the Supreme Court, a parallel track was being pursued at the State level. In October of last year, Judge Gloria Trask found that the law violated article I, section 2 of the California Constitution. In fact, she granted an injunction that prevents California from enforcing the law. She said the ‘‘speech required by the FACT Act is unquestionably compelled and content based.’’ It forces the clinic to point the way to the abortion clinic and can leave patients with the belief that they were referred to an abortion clinic provider by that prolife pregnancy center. b1815 Now, instead of seeking to silence prolife pregnancy centers, people in every community should celebrate and support their work. They provide vital free or lowcost care to vulnerable women and children. So today we are here to talk about how prolife pregnancy centers help mothers in our communities, giving them real choice. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ), who organized this Special Order with me, for comments he might make. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I am proud and pleased to join with Dr. HARRISin this effort. Now, at this point, 130 of our colleagues have signed on to the petition to the Supreme Court to let them know that we believe this is morally wrong. What we have: Again, as a California legislator, I have experience with the efforts our State legislators have done in the past and currently with Assembly Bill 775, which is known as the Reproductive FACT Act—fact, indeed—as Dr. HARRIS mentioned, requiring licensed medical centers that offer free prolife help to pregnant women to then have to post written advertisements promoting the availability of free or lowcost abortions subsidized by the State of California. It also requires nonmedically licensed centers to note, in multiple languages, that they do not have a medical provider on staff, which is kind of interesting due to the places that provide abortions having lower standards for medical care and standards for the doctors on staff to have to be overseen. It is very interesting, the double standard for that type of healthcare, as you would call it, versus other healthcare centers at abortion clinics. Yet they want to point out that there wouldn’t be a medical provider on staff at these prolife places, which aren’t required to have them anyhow. So the court will consider whether these disclosures required by the Reproductive FACT Act, by the California Legislature, violate the free speech clause of the First Amendment. Indeed, it is a blatant violation. The government has no business forcing private citizens or anyone else to promote an ideology that violates their beliefs. The whole purpose of these pregnancy centers is to provide free prolife help to prospective mothers, not to serve as a billboard for abortions. If anyone needed further proof of the moral degradation in California’s State government, this is exhibit A. The Supreme Court must set a precedent, as lower courts have already done, as Dr. HARRIS mentioned. They must set a precedent that we will not watch, we will not stand by and watch as California’s liberal elites bully anyone into giving up their constitutionally protected freedoms under the First Amendment. Indeed, I want to thank Dr. HARRIS  and all of the rest of my colleagues you will hear from here tonight for standing up on this issue, helping to not only bail out California’s irresponsibility, but, more importantly, to stand up for the rights of people who are trying to save lives and provide positive counseling to those who find themselves in crisis. Mr. Speaker, I thank Dr. HARRIS for this Special Order. Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for his comments. Mr. Speaker, we need to remind people that these prolife pregnancy centers are private entities. They run on private donations. They provide services at no charge to these mothers. In some pregnancy centers—a lot of them, for instance—they will have a room that is just full of supplies, supplies to help a mother, to help a mother in a crisis pregnancy get through the pregnancy, take care of that child, and to give that child the very precious gift of life. Mr. Speaker, I would next yield to the gentleman from Michigan for comments he might make on the importance of pregnancy centers. While he is getting to the microphone, let me just tell you a story that one of the pregnancy crisis centers told me. Again, these are centers that frequently now provide ultrasound exams. And they tell me the story of a woman who called the helpline seeking an abortion, actually. She called the pregnancy center helpline. She knew very little about the emotional, physical, or spiritual repercussions of the choice she was considering. She felt alone, told by her boyfriend to ‘‘get rid of it’’ or he was gone. But the pregnancy center gave her a choice. They scheduled an appointment. She came for the appointment. And after seeing her 9weekold baby’s heartbeat and it move about playfully in her womb, she decided to give this child the gift of life. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ). Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Maryland for his leadership and my friend from California on this. Mr. Speaker, I can’t think of anything that is more important than what we are talking about here in Washington. There are three critical foundations which our Nation was built upon: the freedom of speech, the freedom of conscience, and the right to life. Thomas Jefferson, the author of the Declaration of Independence and our third President, said: ‘‘No provision in our Constitution ought to be dearer to man than that which protects the rights of conscience against the enterprises of the civil authority.’’ What he means by civil authority is government. Mr. Speaker, as I stand here today in the well of the House Chamber, Americans’ freedom of conscience and our right to life is, once again, under attack, and this time in California. This law at issue in California is a classic example of government using its power to force citizens to promote messages that conflict with their personal beliefs. Prolife pregnancy centers are a valuable asset to women, to men, to the families, and certainly to those babies. Not only around the country but certainly in Michigan, these centers provide, at no charge, practical advice and resources, information, emotional support for expecting mothers and those fathers and families in need. As leaders of this Nation, we should be offering support, resources, and praises for their efforts, not forcibly targeting these PRCs with unconstitutional government mandates. Through the work of my wife, Natalie, who served for a number of years on the board of a local pregnancy resource center in west Michigan, I have seen firsthand the overwhelming positive impact that they have on the community. My sisterinlaw still serves on that board. This is real impact in real lives, to women and certainly to their babies. 
Now, maybe even more importantly, even after that baby is born, these resource centers will oftentimes provide care and clothing and education and emotional support. I know in my own church in west Michigan we regularly have those dresser drives where we fill a dresser for that pregnancy center, and we are providing those diapers and providing that formula. We are there to help those mothers make it through. Well, the Federal Government should never force or attempt to coerce medical professionals, employers, or resource centers to perform or promote abortions against their beliefs. Our basic freedoms and founding principles were established to protect us from that exact sort of intimidation. Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank my friends for leading this effort, but these pregnancy resource centers work. We know that. They offer compassionate care to those who need it the most and should be treasured by the government and not targeted by them. Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Michigan for his comments. He brings up a good point. These pregnancy centers don’t only help mothers and give them choices; they actually help the fathers as well. A lot of times these fathers just don’t know what fatherhood will be like, and they mentor these fathers and, again, begin to give that couple the ability to create a loving household for that child. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ) to also speak on this topic. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in support of prolife pregnancy centers, not only in the Fourth District of Arkansas but all across our country. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland, Dr. HARRIS , and my colleague Mr. LAMALFA from California for hosting this important time so that we can come together and talk about the great work that these crisis pregnancy centers do. In my hometown of Hot Springs, Arkansas, in 1988, a crisis pregnancy center was formed to assist young parents and to protect innocent lives. In the last 30 years, Change Point Pregnancy Center has saved the lives of 2,821 babies by offering and advocating for alternatives to abortion. This center is comprised of compassionate volunteers and staff who invest significant time and energy in our posterity, making a positive difference for our future. Mr. Speaker, I know firsthand the quality of these volunteers because my own mother was one of them in the early years of the crisis pregnancy center, when it was just getting off the ground. In addition to free pregnancy testing and ultrasounds, Change Point offers diapers, wipes, and formula through their Earn While You Learn program, which offers supplies to families who attend parenting classes at the center. Families and churches like mine have been vital in supporting Change Point Pregnancy Center, not only by volunteering but also by donating supplies and baby bottles full of change to help fund the center. Change Point has taught more than 10,000 classes for both mothers and fathers. As Mr. HARRIS mentioned, these centers are not only for mothers, but they also help fathers and they help parents and families. They give families the tools to succeed rather than the stigma that burdens them. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support Change Point in their continued mission to provide care and support to families in the Fourth District of Arkansas, and I applaud these centers not only from my home State but all across the country for the great work that they are doing. Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arkansas for those words in support of these prolife pregnancy centers. Tonight we are going to hear, during this hour, from some of the real leaders of the prolife movement; but, in this case, we should really call this the prochoice movement because that is what these pregnancy centers actually do: they give women a real choice. A lot of women who come to these pregnancy centers, of course, are pressured or expect that they can’t bring these pregnancies to fulfillment, to the birth of a new life. And these pregnancy centers give them the choice to do that. They provide the resources, the support, the mentoring, the prayers that these difficult pregnancies need. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING), a prolife leader, to speak about these crisis pregnancy centers. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank Dr. HARRIS for leading on this Special Order here this evening and appreciate the opportunity to be recognized. There are a number of things that I would point out. For starters, I chair the Constitution Committee for a reason, and the delivery by Mr. LAMALFA  on California’s horrible Reproductive FACT Act law—it is not facts, by the way, but it forces prolife pregnancy centers to provide free advertising for the abortion industry. I don’t think there is any question, if you coerce people to advertise for something that, in the first place, is immoral and directly runs against the convictions of the people who are volunteering their time and those who are contributing their resources to bring about a crisis pregnancy center, which is driven by the hearts of the prolife community in America—I can hardly think of anything more important than having that happen. Now, freedom of speech is one thing. You can’t limit speech. But for a State to impose speech, that is another level. That goes beyond. That is beyond the pale of the constitutional First Amendment rights. So as I think about crisis pregnancy centers and what it matters and how it matters to me and the district that I represent: Not long after I was elected to Congress, I went to Gabriel’s Corner in Council Bluffs, Iowa. I walked in there, a crisis pregnancy center, a building that was built in what was an empty lot across the street from Planned Parenthood’s abortion center. As I walked in there, they had a big picture window they had set up and a kneeler there so that you could be there to look out through that window and pray for those mothers who were going into the Planned Parenthood. And they said to me in that briefing that if a mother was able to have a 4D ultrasound then—this would be about, say, 13, 14 years ago—that 70 percent of the mothers would decide, once they had seen the ultrasound, to keep the baby. As we walked through there, we finished the tour, and I said: Where is your ultrasound? They said: Well, we don’t have one. I said: Why not? They said: We can’t afford it. They told me the price on it then was $100,000 for a refurbished ultrasound. I said: Let’s raise the money for the ultrasound so that you can save 70 percent of the lives of the babies who come in here because of their mother. So we set about the fundraising effort. I hardly got started and an anonymous benefactor showed up and said: Why are you waiting? Why don’t you have the ultrasound? b1830 I answered: We’re raising the money. He said: Well, go buy the ultrasound, but don’t tell anybody who I am. So he wanted to be an anonymous benefactor. We did that; set up the ultrasound. The annual dinner for Gabriel’s Corner, the first little baby that was saved by Gabriel’s Corner that we knew was brought along to that dinner. And I looked back in that dinner and there was that man sitting in the table clear back at the end, not talking to anybody, but watching. Wow. I have never forgotten what that meant. Another occasion, an individual came to me and he said: I’m in between careers. I need something to do. As we discussed this, it came to the foundational idea to establish Mary’s Choice in Sioux City, Iowa. They went ahead with that, a Catholic pregnancy center, a crisis pregnancy center. As they followed through, they built that next to—or they developed it next to Planned Parenthood’s abortion clinic. Planned Parenthood couldn’t stand the guilt of people praying for them, so they built a big fence, thinking that was going to block the prayers. Well, I think it attracted them instead. The last time I was there, I had my picture taken in front of the Planned Parenthood center in Sioux City. There is a Century 21 real estate sign in front of there, and you can’t read ‘‘Planned Parenthood of the Heartland’’ any 
longer on there except in the glue, where they pulled the sign off. It is for sale, or may be sold by now. Progress has been made, lives have been saved. The respect for innocent, unborn human life has grown. And to muzzle them, or force a speech, not just limiting their freedom of speech, but forcing speech—so I just looked at my iPhone here, and there are a number of ultrasounds that have been texted to me. I am kind of like, I guess I would say, the number one proponent of procreation in Congress, as far as I know. Here is one. It says: ‘‘Baby looked good yesterday. Moving like crazy on the ultrasound.’’ I answer: ‘‘This is so beautiful. I’ll keep my prayers going. This ultrasound is an answer to them. God’s blessings.’’ Next ultrasound comes along. This is dated just last Friday. I sent back: ‘‘What is the heartbeat rate for this perfect little miracle?’’ She answers: ‘‘161 beats per minute.’’ And then I say: ‘‘Purring along like a finelytuned racing motor, that little miracle.’’ ‘‘Yes, and she’s moving all around’’ is the answer. And here is the conclusion of this. I just think this is so important to implant this in our memory. She answered this way, this mother: ‘‘These ultrasounds are amazing. Watching her stretch and cross her legs, curl up her hand, suck her thumb. At 19 weeks, I can’t imagine anyone contemplating abortion would proceed with it after seeing that in their own little baby.’’ That little baby is my little granddaughter, and I am going to stand up for life so long as I live. Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Iowa for those touching comments. Again, this is about giving mothers choices. You know, one has to ask the question: Why in the world don’t abortion clinics show ultrasounds? What are they afraid of? Are they afraid of giving a woman a real choice, of actually seeing that baby, of denying the fact that it is not a blob of tissue, it is actually a baby with a heartbeat? It is a baby that moves. It is your child. But they don’t get that choice in an abortion clinic. They get it at a crisis pregnancy center. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ARRINGTON ) for his remarks. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland, Dr. HARRIS , for his leadership on the most sacred of issues. Mr. Speaker, in the shadow of over 60 million precious American lives aborted in the United States, there is light. This light shines through the roughly 2,000 prolife pregnancy centers in communities across our Nation, including mine in west Texas. These pregnancy centers are dedicated to serving 2.3 million women a year. That is 6,500 a day. Because of their good work, providing ultrasounds, medical services, and parenting classes, and even ministering to their deeper emotional and spiritual needs, these pregnancy centers save lives, hundreds of thousands of lives. You see, Mr. Speaker, they believe, like a lot of us do, that all life is a gift from God and deserves their constitutional right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. But now these prolife pregnancy centers in California are being forced by law to advertise in a way that goes directly against their mission and, more importantly, their conscience. The State of California mandates that these pregnancy centers disclose how patients can obtain a Statesponsored abortion. California, in my opinion, is abusing the power of the State to force people to post messages they do not believe in and which violate their conscience. Government coercion of speech or conduct that violates the religious conscience of an individual is in direct violation of the First Amendment. The Founders intentionally listed the right to freely express our religious beliefs first because they recognized the vital role faith in God plays in cultivating a moral foundation necessary for this democratic society. While this inherent right to religious expression is being undermined, the Constitution could not be clearer on this question. I am confident the Supreme Court will uphold this sacred right against the heavy hand of government coercion. Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for those comments. He is absolutely right. No matter where you stand on the issue of abortion, you should stand with the First Amendment on the right of an individual not to have their speech compelled by the government; and that is what at stake in this court case. I want to just thank God that we have a President who understands the importance of these constitutional bases, and one who, I believe, will nominate Justices to the Supreme Court who will continue to uphold the First Amendment and the other amendments to the Constitution. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ), a prolife leader in the House of Representatives. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman and Representative LAMALFA for hosting tonight’s Special Order to draw attention to the wonderful benefits of crisis pregnancy centers. I would like to share the story of two women. Summer is a smart 17yearold who is in love with her first love, John. Although their parents are concerned about how serious they have gotten, they spend as much time together as possible. They soon find out that their college plans are in jeopardy when they discover that they are pregnant. Tanya is a 40yearold single mom with three kids. She works at a local restaurant as a server, and she gets by with the help of Federal welfare programs. She has been seeing Sam off and on for the past several months, but they recently broke up. Now she finds out that she is pregnant. She can’t handle one more mouth to feed. Abortion seems to be the only option. Summer’s and Tanya’s situations are different, yet they both can find help and hope through their local crisis pregnancy centers. Like over 2.3 million women and men across America, they can receive pregnancy tests; ultrasounds; parenting classes; and other basic necessities, such as maternity and baby clothing, through these centers. These vital centers are making a huge difference for so many. Pregnancy care centers provide a safe haven for women in crisis. In other words, they provide a safe haven for pregnant moms who need love and support as they welcome their babies into the world. There are more than 2,300 pregnancy care centers throughout America. Some of these clinics provide medical care, housing for expectant moms and their children, and adoption referrals. I am thankful for the Shiloh Center in Harrisonville, Missouri, my hometown. The Shiloh Center welcomes moms in difficult circumstances, offering hope and help, enabling each mother to choose life for her baby. Like many other centers, the Shiloh Center provides free pregnancy testing, ultrasound services, counseling, and educational resources. The Shiloh Center also provides prenatal care for pregnant moms, and ensures that new moms are equipped with baby clothes, diapers, and formula for their little ones. There are thousands of these centers across America. I would like to highlight the wonderful pregnancy care centers in my district: Crossroads Pregnancy Resource Center in Warsaw, Missouri; My Life Clinic in Columbia, Missouri; Pregnancy Health Center Lake of the Ozarks in Camdenton, Missouri; Door of Hope Pregnancy Center in Clinton, Missouri; New Beginnings Women’s Center in Warrensburg, Missouri; Pregnancy Support Center in Lebanon, Missouri; Birthright of Sedalia in Sedalia, Missouri; Free Women’s Center of Pulaski County in Waynesville, Missouri; Birthright of Moberly in Moberly, Missouri; Birthright of Nevada in Nevada, Missouri; and Choices Pregnancy Center in Marshfield, Missouri. I am grateful to each of these centers for the countless hours of community service and client care lovingly offered to women like Summer and Tanya and thousands in similar circumstances experiencing challenging life circumstances. They are bringing practical help and hope, and that is the best story of all. Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ) for her comments. 
Just to remind people, you know, there are things you find in a crisis pregnancy center you just don’t find in your local Planned Parenthood. Almost all of them will have a room where donated clothing—clothing that, you know, most of it used. Yeah, that is the way it is. People who have had children, their children are grown. They will donate their clothing to a pregnancy center to help those mothers who need help, mothers who perhaps feel they can’t financially afford to have a child because they have to buy clothing for a child, they have to buy diapers. These pregnancy centers give them a real choice. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), another prolife leader in the House of Representatives. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HARRIS ) for leading this Special Order tonight and for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the lifeaffirming and lifesaving work done across the country by prolife pregnancy centers. I have the privilege of representing the New Hope Pregnancy Compassion Care Center in Yadkinville, North Carolina; and I am proud to share the testimony of a young woman who perfectly encapsulates what these care centers do. She writes: ‘‘The day I found out I was pregnant, I was very upset and didn’t know what to do. I had so many different emotions and knew that it was going to be very hard, especially with me still being in college. I didn’t know how I was going to tell my parents, my family, or my church. After having two positive pregnancy tests, I decided to go to Compassion Care Center. This was one of the best decisions I could have ever made. ‘‘When I got there, I took another pregnancy test and it was positive. After that, I ended up having an ultrasound. After I seen my little baby on the ultrasound, I was lost for words. I had so many emotions and felt like I had no one. After my ultrasound, I ended up talking to a staff person about life and about this new baby. I told her how scared I was to tell my parents and how bad of a person I felt because of this. Even though this baby was not planned by me, God had planned it for me. She explained to me that even though I was still in college and still living at home, that she knew that I could do this and get through this. After we talked for a while about my life, the new baby, and religion, we prayed together. ‘‘I ended up going home after that and telling my parents. It was very hard for them to cope with at first, but eventually they accepted it. I started going back to Compassion Care every week after that to take classes that offered videos about pregnancy and babies. Watching those videos helped me so much because it was a lot of new information that I did not know. ‘‘I earned points every time that I came to watch these videos by watching them and doing homework sheets. The points I earned I could use to buy stuff in the store. The store had many different items that I could get. I got maternity clothes, baby clothes, diapers, wipes, and toys. These items helped me tremendously. ‘‘Without Compassion Care offering these classes and items, I wouldn’t have known what to do. I have learned so much stuff that I didn’t know before and they have given me the best support. I absolutely love everyone there and appreciate everything that they have done for me. I just recently had my daughter, and she has become my entire life. ‘‘I know one thing, though, if I would have not been involved with Compassion Care Center, I would not have been able to do this. They were a lifesaver and I cannot express enough how thankful I am that they were there for me every step of the way.’’ Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina for comments. Again, just reminding, as the gentlewoman said, these are centers that provide true resources to women at a time when they are very, very vulnerable. I can’t imagine why a city council or a State legislature, or any jurisdiction, or any legislature would want to—what amounts to—close these centers down, because these are people who believe abortion is wrong. b1845 They are not going to refer people for abortions. That is the bottom line. They will close their doors before they will send someone to something that they think is morally reprehensible, and the last thing the State should do is compel them to ever do that. Why we would want to close these centers down that are so vital to our communities is a puzzle to me. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) for his comments. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in support of the First Amendment free speech rights of prolife pregnancy centers across the Nation. I want to thank my colleagues, Congressman ANDY HARRIS as well as Congressman D OUG LAMALFA , for leading this Special Order this evening. Mr. Speaker, our Declaration of Independence proclaims that life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness are God given rights of all people. If we truly believe that, then we must be consistent that the right to life is inherent for every person, born or unborn. National Institute of Family and Life Advocates v. Becerra is a case before the Supreme Court that centers on the right of free speech of prolife licensed medical centers. Under California’s State law, these centers are forced to violate their conscientious objections and post written advertisements for free or lowcost abortions subsidized by the State. I would ask: What could be more deeply offensive to any person who shares the strongly held belief that abortion takes innocent lives? I believe that this unjust law violates First Amendment protections under our Constitution, and the ramifications of this Court decision will be felt across the Nation. There are nearly a dozen crisis pregnancy centers in central Washington State, and most are in the Fourth Congressional District, which I represent. Life Choices Pregnancy Medical Center in Yakima, which I recently visited, is a pregnancy medical center that provides pregnancy testing, medical consultation, STD testing, and adoption referrals for expectant mothers. Crisis pregnancy centers exist to support mothers, fathers, and their children. Many provide free material resources for young families and ongoing parental support. These centers exist to further the progress and protection of innocent life. I signed onto the amicus brief supporting NIFLA with more than 140 colleagues because States do not have the right to force private individuals or entities to compel speech that violates their conscience. I am proud of the House of Representatives’ work to protect the sanctity of life, such as the BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act, which I supported, to ensure that children who survive an abortion or an attempted abortion are given proper medical treatment. Today I stand with my colleagues to be a voice for the voiceless and to stand for the right of free speech of all who believe in the sanctity of life. Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Washington for those comments. He points out that each of our districts have numerous pregnancy centers, usually. In fact, crisis pregnancy centers outnumber abortion clinics three to one. These are valuable resources in anyone’s district, in any town, any county. What is at issue here is, if you had a nonprofit running a recreation center in your neighborhood and it provided resources to troubled teenagers after school, this would be like the State telling that recreation center, ‘‘Do you know what? You have got to promote a certain religion in your recreation center,’’ or, ‘‘Do you know what? You have got to put out certain political pamphlets of one political party on your desk when people come in the door.’’ We would be incensed with that. This is exactly what California is attempting to do with this law to these prolife crisis pregnancy centers. With that, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ) for his comments. 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Dr. HARRIS for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to recognize prolife pregnancy centers and all the good they do for mothers and their unborn children. As a Godfearing father and grandfather, I have always believed that life begins at the moment of conception. No one should ever be forced to promote the abortion of an unborn baby against their will. Rather than protecting free speech, a constitutional right, the Federal Government is extorting speech by forcing these pregnancy centers to contradict their prolife message. During my time in Congress, I have visited multiple prolife pregnancy centers around the 25th District of Texas. In particular, I would like to highlight the Austin Pregnancy Resource Center and the Cleburne Pregnancy Center, both of which I have been to. These outstanding centers provide resources, information, and emotional support for those soontobe moms. They also provide aftercare for moms and their baby, such as supplies, clothing, and education, as we previously heard. Women deserve to know there are better options than abortion and that there are facilities out there to help them. The bottom line, Americans and organizations should not be forced by the government to promote ideas that conflict with their beliefs. As a steadfast prolife supporter, I will continue advocating for the rights of the unborn and the centers that fight for them. In God we trust. Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas and, again, remind everyone that these are such valuable resources in their towns and their neighborhoods. I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. JOHNSON ). One thing about Congress is we have people with all different areas of expertise, but on this particular issue, the gentleman from Louisiana brings particular expertise because of his background as a lawyer and one who has defended religious liberty in courtrooms here in the United States, protecting that very important right given to us in the First Amendment that is at issue, at issue in this California case. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank Dr. HARRIS for this time this evening and all of our strong colleagues who are standing with us today for the Constitution and for the sanctity of human life. You know, Psalm 127 says: 
Children are a heritage from the Lord, a reward from him. 
For most women, of course, finding out they are pregnant is certainly a beautiful moment in their life. Often, it is an answer to years of prayer. However, of course, there are times when the heavy responsibility of carrying a child can bring uncertainty. That is why the work of thousands of prolife pregnancy centers throughout our Nation is so vital. Hundreds of thousands of women have sought the guidance and the services of these pregnancy centers nationwide, and they have been embraced and supported with unconditional love and care throughout their entire pregnancies. These centers serve the woman, the child, and their whole family. There are more than six pregnancy care centers in Louisiana’s Fourth Congressional District—that is my district—from the Community Care Center, the Northwest Louisiana Crisis Pregnancy Center, and Mary’s House in the northern part of our district to the Community Pregnancy Center, the New Life Crisis Pregnancy Center, and the Cenla Pregnancy Center in the southern part of our district. These centers work day in and day out to serve our communities. I know these folks well. They are selfless servants down in the trenches. Over the past two decades, I have provided pro bono legal services to almost all of these centers and many more around the country, and I have often defended their causes in court because I believe so very strongly in what they do: they save lives and they provide critical care, like performing ultrasounds and counseling services and parenting classes and so much more, and they do this at zero cost to the persons who are receiving these vital services. They also do it with zero Federal funding, by the way, and they save their clients and taxpayers hundreds of thousands of dollars every year. As fathers and mothers and sisters and brothers and friends, I think Members of Congress have to stand with these pregnancy care centers throughout our districts, and we ought to support these women and their children and their families, especially in times as precious as pregnancy when they need us most. As Dr. HARRIS mentioned, on March 20, my former colleagues at the Alliance Defending Freedom will stand before the U.S. Supreme Court, and they will argue on behalf of National Institute of Family and Life Advocates and its affiliated pregnancy centers in California. All of us ask and expect the High Court to protect the freedom of speech not just for pregnancy care centers, but for anyone who would be forced by the government to speak a message that contradicts their sincerely held beliefs. It is absolutely absurd for the State of California to try to force pro life centers to provide information on abortion services. The outcome of this case could not only affect the freedom of speech for every American, it could save countless innocent lives. This is a pivotal moment in our Nation’s history, and we pray the Court will uphold our fundamental liberty, the sanctity of every single human life, and the best of our American traditions. Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Louisiana not only for those excellent remarks, but for bringing this kind of expertise to the House of Representatives. Now I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH). Mr. SMITH is a leader in protecting human rights around the world, from the U.S. House of Representatives, a leader in protecting life and, in this case, giving his remarks about how important prolife pregnancy centers are to our Nation and our communities and how damaging this law would be. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank Dr. HARRIS for his leadership for many, many years. He is an extraordinary physician—Johns Hopkins and so many other places where he has been an anesthesiologist, and we are so grateful for the expertise and precision that he brings. Doctors can focus in a way that makes it so clear and so nonambiguous. In defense of life, never has that message been more important than now because there is so much fuzziness, so much distortion, and it is about time clarity breaks out when it comes to the abortion issue. We have never had that national debate. In a way, we have had it in a minor way, in a micro way. Every time a woman goes in and has an ultrasound, she walks away seeing her baby still in utero. The first baby pictures today, as we all know, are not newborns. On the refrigerators all across America, the first baby pictures happen to be unborn babies, and we all are thrilled when we see our children and grandchildren up on the refrigerator as an unborn baby. That is the first thing they see as they begin to comprehend what they are looking at: ‘‘That is me while I was still in Mommy.’’ As Dr. HARRIS pointed out in his opening, the Supreme Court does take up this case next week, NIFLA v. Becerra, the California law that requires medically licensed pregnancy centers to advertise for the abortion industry by putting up notices. Telling clients where to get free and lowcost abortions is an egregious—an egregious—violation of the First Amendment Free Speech Clause. The government should not compel, should not coerce an organization or organizations and the people behind them to facilitate the dismemberment and chemical poisoning of unborn children, which is exactly what abortion is. The sophistry of choice cloaks the deed, and the deed is all about taking that child apart through dismemberment or through a chemical poison. Dr. HARRIS spoke earlier about ultrasounds. We know that when abortion is done, many types of abortions, they use an ultrasound. Ultrasound guided abortions make it easier for them to dismember the child. And it was Abby Johnson who ran a clinic, was director of a clinic in Texas for about 8 years, a Planned Parenthood 
clinic, who quit when she finally saw on that screen an ultrasoundguided abortion and was repelled and repulsed by how that child was being killed by a socalled physician. She was repulsed. She became a very strong prolifer since then. Let me say one thing about pregnancy care centers. There are about 2,752 in the country, according to Heartbeat International, and the numbers are growing. There are many in my district, like Dr. HARRIS said are in his as well. A few years ago, my wife and I went to a pregnancy care banquet in Middlesex County, New Jersey. Two women got up and spoke so eloquently and with tears in their eyes about how they were scheduled and actually en route to the abortion at the clinic, and there were these compassionate women, selfless women who said: Please reconsider. Please take a look at the alternatives. We will help you. Both of those women turned around, two different times, and went back and had their babies. With tears in their eyes, two young girls got up a little later, and at first we thought they were just going to talk about how committed they were to life. They talked about school and sports and boys, but at the end of their talk, they looked at the director of the pregnancy care center and her volunteers and thanked them for being there outside that abortion clinic that day, the day that their moms were scheduled to abort them. Mr. Speaker, in an amicus brief submitted by a head of the NIFLA v. Becerra oral arguments, 13 women told their stories of the care and the hope that they received from pregnancy care centers, and here, briefly, is Angela’s story. Angela grew up in a very difficult household and turned to drugs when she was 14 years old. Angela continued to wrestle with addiction and, at 31, discovered she was pregnant. Although she made an appointment for an abortion, she decided to keep the baby. Because of her addiction and the circumstance of her pregnancy, she felt she could not turn to her family for support, so she found a pregnancy care center. This one was in New York. At her first appointment, staff showed Angela her baby through an ultrasound. b1900 Mr. Speaker, let me remind you that Dr. Bernard Nathanson, the cofounder of NARAL, who said, ‘‘I have come to the agonizing conclusion that I presided over 60,000 deaths,’’ was one of leaders in the sixties and seventies in promoting abortion throughout this country, and was very effective at it. When he became prolife, he said: 
If wombs had windows, if every woman prior to an abortion would see an ultrasound of her baby, she would run out of that clinic. 
Well, the pregnancy care center people in New York showed Angela the ultrasound, and she was enamored, touched deeply by the baby—her baby—that she saw on the screen. They met with her weekly as the pregnancy progressed, always staying by her side, and a staff member was with her in the hospital when she delivered. After Angela gave birth to her son, Cameryn, the staff helped her to enroll in WIC and to reach out to New York’s Department of Social Services. She continued to come to the pregnancy center—this is all in the friend ofthecourt brief—for parenting courses and for support in staying clean of those drugs that had so hurt her life. She writes: I always thought that people were fake, but they are genuine, particularly at the center. This is who they really are. They will help me. And they are helping to raise my son. 
Looking forward to life now, she credits the center with giving her support so that she doesn’t turn back to drugs. Women and children across our Nation share similar stories. I have heard many, many of those stories over my time in the prolife movement. And every time you meet one of those women—because we argue, Dr. HARRIS  and I and all of those in the prolife movement, that there are two victims in every abortion. The obvious is the dead child, who is dismembered or chemically poisoned; and the mother. And pregnancy care centers are all about life affirmation, loving them both. And to be told by California, ‘‘You must advertise how to kill that baby,’’ when you are about loving them both, like I said at the beginning, is an egregious violation of the First Amendment. And I do believe, and I know Dr. HARRIS and others on our side of this issue believe, that the Supreme Court will see that as such and render that law moot. Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from New Jersey very much for his comments. It is a shame that here in the United States, with the freedoms that we have guaranteed in our Constitution, that this even has to come before a court. It is so clear that it is unconstitutional to compel speech against someone’s beliefs—political, religious beliefs. These are what our Nation is founded on, and to compel these clinics to do this is something that shouldn’t even enter the thoughts of anyone. Again, we would never compel any other nonprofit existing on donations and the neighborhood providing things to people in those neighborhoods and communities. We wouldn’t think of compelling, again, political speech. We wouldn’t think of compelling religious activity. Yet, here, California attempts to compel these volunteers, these clinics, who work on providing such a valuable choice to the women in their community, to essentially refer for an abortion that is against all the deeply held beliefs of these individuals. Mr. Speaker, I want to read the stories of some of the women who go to these clinics, because this really is about choice. This is about institutions in a community that offer true choice. Now, these are stories from the pregnancy centers in my community. So let me first tell you about Miranda. Mr. Speaker, 19yearold Miranda came to this pregnancy center with her boyfriend and learned she was 9 weeks pregnant. Miranda worked 9 hours a day as a cashier at a Home Depot. She, honestly, was not happy with the positive results of her test. She didn’t think she could raise a baby, and nobody had any faith in her. You see, a year earlier, Miranda had had an abortion. She still cries at the recollection and feels the pain of what she had done. She didn’t want to make that choice again, but her circumstances hadn’t changed, and she felt that that is what she had to do. Now, the volunteer counselor praised Miranda for working full time and getting her GED. The volunteer counselor explained how Miranda could obtain healthcare, and how that clinic’s Earn While You Learn Program would educate her on prenatal care and parenting, as well as provide her with muchneeded baby supplies once the baby was born. Then Miranda saw the fetal models depicting a 9weekold fetus. She couldn’t believe what she was seeing. She asked so many questions, like: When does the heart start beating? Would it be possible for her to hear the beating heart? When does the baby start kicking? You see, Miranda explained that the abortion clinic she had been to a year before never told her about the development of the baby. She had been 15 weeks pregnant at the time she aborted. It was so surprising for her to see the truth in those baby models. Nobody ever told her that her baby had been so fully developed. Miranda said that the best part about coming to the pregnancy center was that they ‘‘told her she could do it.’’ You see, she had never heard that before. Nobody had ever told her that. She had a real choice now. Here is a story about Laura. When Laura came to the center 2 years ago, she was feeling nauseated and miserable. The timing of her pregnancy couldn’t be worse. She had recently discovered that her mother had been diagnosed with late stage liver disease. Laura, too, was postabortive. Her previous abortion was a terrible experience that left her emotionally scarred, of course, as it leaves many women. She didn’t want to have another abortion, but felt she had no choice. She wanted to be there for her mom during her mother’s time of need. Now, the volunteer advocate in the clinic spent lots of time just listening to Laura. It became clear that Laura 
really wanted to keep her baby but was lost in trying to figure out how. Mr. Speaker, this is a recurring story in these pregnancy centers. There is a reason why they used to be called crisis pregnancy centers. These are women frequently in crisis who want to have that choice but don’t see the way out of their circumstances. Well, this counselor helped Laura navigate through the muddy waters of her life and envision a future with her child. Soon, Laura’s fear began to subside. A sonogram revealed a 7weekold baby. In a tearful voice, Laura said: ‘‘That is my baby.’’ Since then, Laura has returned to the center weekly, participating in their prenatal education classes. She actually moved in with her mother so she could help her through her illness. Laura’s hope is that her mom will be strong enough to hold the baby and spend her last days on Earth with her grandchild. Mr. Speaker, that is the kind of hope that pregnancy centers give women and their families. And, often, two lives are saved in these pregnancy centers: the child’s and the mother’s. An unplanned pregnancy can provide an opportunity and inspiration for a woman to get her life back on track; in these two cases, to actually start the family. A pregnancy can give a woman a reason to live, to take care of that child; a reason to go back to school to finish her education, as we heard about Miranda; a reason to reconcile with her family. As a father of five, and everyone who has been a parent knows this: we know how parenthood truly fundamentally transforms a person well before the child is born. From the time you know that you are going to have a new baby in the family, as well as every moment afterward, life is precious, life is priceless. Pregnancy centers support women during every step of that journey of providing a new life, a gift from God. Mr. Speaker, next week, the Court will hear a case that perhaps threatens the very existence of crisis pregnancy centers and prolife pregnancy centers in the United States. I hope that those nine Justices have the wisdom to see that, in America, that a jurisdiction— whether it is California or Baltimore, Montgomery County, or Austin, Texas, or any jurisdiction—that has tried to compel speech in these pregnancy centers is violating our constitutional rights and, worse than that, is really affecting valuable resources in our community, the most valuable resource a woman with a crisis pregnancy can have. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. HONORING CONGRESSWOMAN MARCY KAPTUR, THE LONGEST SERVING WOMAN IN THE HISTORY OF THE UNITED STATES HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, as this month is Women’s History Month, it is my honor to rise today to recognize my distinguished colleague, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ), as she becomes the longest serving woman in the history of the United States House of Representatives. On March 18, 2018, Congresswoman KAPTUR will have served in the House for 35 years, or a total of 12,858 days. While Congresswoman KAPTUR earns a notable place in American history for her length of service, her true accomplishment is the profound impact that she has had on this Nation through her legislative work, her leadership, her representation of the northern Ohio district, and her steadfast commitment to addressing critically important issues. I think about Congresswoman KAPTURevery evening that I am in Washington, D.C., because when I leave the Capitol, I drive past the marvelous beautiful World War II national memorial, which would not exist but for the tireless work of Congresswoman KAPTUR. After being approached by a constituent, Congresswoman KAPTUR first proposed legislation in 1987. She began a yearlong effort to have that legislation enacted into law, and turned the World War II monument into a reality. Congresswoman KAPTUR ’s commitment to that project symbolizes what her colleagues know about her. MARCY  KAPTUR is one of the hardest working Members of the United States Congress, and she is one of the most dedicated advocates for the people and the values that she represents. Congresswoman KAPTUR is a community organizer and a serious public policymaker. She serves on the House Appropriations Committee, where she is an incredibly powerful voice for appropriate spending levels for programs and projects important to working families across the country. She serves as the ranking member on the Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies, where she has been tremendously impactful on promoting U.S. energy independence and the protection of the natural resources. Congresswoman KAPTUR previously served on the Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs, which is now known as the Committee on Financial Services. b1915 As the current ranking member of the Financial Services Committee, I am grateful that Congresswoman KAPTUR has not lost interest in financial issues. In fact, she has remained extremely engaged on issues pertaining to Wall Street. She has been a leader in responding to issues that arose or were painfully identified during the financial crisis. Congresswoman KAPTUR and I regularly speak about financial services matters. She shares articles and materials with me about key individuals on Wall Street. She finds and shares information with me on individuals’ and firms’ involvement in creating financial products or engaging in activities that might be harmful to consumers. I am thankful to have the benefit of her thoughts on these matters. Congresswoman KAPTUR has the courage of her convictions even in the face of fierce opposition. Since the 1990s, the Congresswoman has been a proponent for the reestablishment of the Glass Steagall barriers between investment banking and traditional depository banks. Although her legislation on this matter has been considered controversial, Congresswoman KAPTUR has stood by her convictions out of a sincere desire for protecting working families and Main Street over the interests of Wall Street. Congresswoman KAPTUR supports policies that are good for her district without hesitation. For instance, she fought tirelessly to combat threats to Lake Erie. Congresswoman KAPTUR is a strong advocate in so many areas like national security, energy independence, and support for the Armed Forces. Her attention to important issues, her dedication, her skills as a legislator, and her work ethic should serve as an example for all public servants. I am proud and honored to call MARCY KAPTUR not only my colleague, but my friend. So I would like to say congratulations to Congresswoman MARCY KAPTUR for taking her place in American history as the longest serving woman in the House. I would like to say to the Congresswoman that I am not so sure that I should have worked with others to sneak up on her tonight and make this a surprise, and I know that, in doing that, she has been sitting there thinking about working on and coming up with things that should be said about Wall Street. But tonight we are talking about MARCY KAPTUR , we are not talking about Wall Street. We will talk about that later on. But let me just say that the gentlewoman has been a wonderful and extremely acknowledgeable voice and someone who understands the history, not only of Wall Street, but many of the players who have played over the years who were responsible for some of the problems that caused us to have the recession that we got involved in in 2008. So I thank the gentlewoman for her caring about Main Street, and I thank the gentlewoman for knowing and spending time on these financial issues 
despite the fact she has so many other things on her plate. Again, I feel very honored to be her friend. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN). Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, it is not easy to fool MARCY KAPTUR , but we pulled it off. She thought we were going to talk about Wall Street? We are going to talk about Main Street. In that regard, I think it was appropriate for me to bring this. MARCY , do you recognize this? It was 30 some years ago that MARCY  KAPTUR and I went to Japan, and she had a spark plug made in Toledo. This is an old one, so it is safe. She took it to Japan because it was impossible to export from the United States a spark plug to Japan. They excluded our products completely. So MARCY and I went over; and everywhere she went, she had a spark plug. People thought it was because she is kind of a spark plug. But, instead, again, it was because of the exclusion of any product made in the U.S. going to Japan. They blocked it out while they had a completely open market. That began a struggle that went on and on and on. MARCY never gave up, and we still haven’t given up. She was one of those among us, and we joined together to say that trade is vital, but it has to work both ways. I may give this to the gentlewoman afterwards. I just say this with deep feeling because of her deep feeling. We spent days and days in Japan and came back and spent days and days, and we pleaded with administrations: let there be reciprocity when there wasn’t. So I am afraid MARCY has done so much that it is forgotten what she was doing some years ago. But she was a pioneer in saying that when it comes to trade, expand it, do so in a way that is reciprocal, and do so in a way that is fair that remembers Main Street. Secondly, I want to talk about another activity I have been privileged to work on with MARCY KAPTUR . There has been reference to her heritage. Marcy never forgot her roots in Ohio, and she never forgot her family’s roots overseas—never. Indeed, her deep feelings about democracy—it was in Ukraine that she and I worked on— really reflected the depth of her feeling about democracy and the United States of America. So together we put together the Ukrainian American Caucus, and she has been the spark plug in that caucus. I think both activities reflect so much about MARCY KAPTUR , her intelligence, combined with her deep feeling. She has never forgotten where she came from, and she has taken that remembrance, that remembering, and essentially took it into action in this place. So we will talk about Wall Street some other day. But we are here on behalf of so many to tell Congresswoman KAPTUR that her career has been so distinguished. I have a special duty here. She and I are the two people remaining in the class that came in. I think there were 81 of us, and the gentlewoman has never, never failed with the same enthusiasm with which she came. What a tribute that is to the gentlewoman and her character. I finish with this. MARCY remembered her roots, and also that meant deep feeling about family. Her love for her mother and her dedication to her well being was something that I think pervaded her life, and it spilled over into all of ours. So, I say to MARCY , with this spark plug and everything else, I am honored to come today speaking for myself and so many others: job well done, but you are still doing it. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY). Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, let me first thank the ranking member of the House Financial Services Committee, Representative MAXINE WATERS , for calling us together to honor someone whom I consider to be a great American. I rise today to honor this great public servant, a trailblazer in this House, the longest serving female Member in the history of the U.S. House of Representatives, my great friend, the gentlewoman from Ohio, Congresswoman MARCY KAPTUR . Congresswoman KAPTUR is more than just a senior member of the House Appropriations Committee. She is a mentor to many of us, including me. The Congresswoman rose from a humble, hardworking family in Toledo to become a champion for jobs with justice, women in the workplace, children’s healthcare, and strengthening Social Security and Medicare. She also is one of the most respected voices for human rights and freedom around the world, especially for Ukraine as it faces military aggression and constant threats from the Russian Federation. Congresswoman KAPTUR also shares my absolute commitment to protecting wilderness areas, our national shorelines and forests, and standing strong against those special interests who would sacrifice clean air and safe water for shortterm profit. Finally, Congresswoman KAPTUR  shares my lifelong interest in history and helping Americans understand that we all stand on the shoulders of the brave men and women who came before us. That is why she was one of the earliest advocates for the World War II Memorial, a long overdue tribute to the Greatest Generation who defended freedom at its moment of greatest peril and saved the world. Congresswoman KAPTUR continues to stand tall for seniors, veterans, working families, and the core values of the people of Ohio. Her hard work is greatly respected on both sides of the aisle, and I am truly blessed to call her my good friend. There is one story I would like to relate on a personal note, and we discussed it today at her reception earlier. During my college days, I was a full time worker in this body. I was a member of the staff of the Office of the Doorkeeper. My door was the west door on the Republican side because Tip O’Neill did not want me to congregate with my dad who was a Member of this body. Our job was to memorize the picture book of every Member, especially the incoming freshmen. In the winter of 1982, I had to memorize her picture to know who she was to be able to identify her. Back in those days, life was simpler because we were the security for this floor. So that is how I first met MARCY KAPTUR . I will always call her my friend. Congresswoman, congratulations on reaching this historic milestone in service to your constituents and our country. God bless you. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), who is the dean of the Ohio delegation. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California for yielding. First of all, I am glad that the gentlewoman isn’t talking about Wall Street this evening. The gentlewoman always wants to talk about Wall Street, and I am glad we are talking about MARCY KAPTUR this evening because she is really special. b1930 This, of course, is in recognition of a fellow Ohioan, MARCY KAPTUR , who will become the longest serving woman in the history of the United States House of Representatives. That is quite an accomplishment. She will be breaking the record currently held by Congresswoman Edith Nourse Rogers, a Republican from Massachusetts, who served from 1925 to 1960. I think I speak for most Ohioans, regardless of party, when I say we are proud that MARCY has brought this prestigious milestone back home to Ohio. MARCY has been a stalwart supporter of her constituents, fighting for jobs and fair trade agreements. That is why her constituents continue to elect her to represent them in this body every 2 years, even though we have been trying every 2 years to knock her off. We just haven’t been able to do it, she is that good. Like me, MARCY grew up in a working class family. She was the first member of her family to attend college, earning degrees from the University of Wisconsin and the University of Michigan. Graduating from these two universities, one of which is not even recognized in some parts of Ohio, had to be a tremendous hurdle to overcome when first running to represent Ohioans. Yet MARCY continues to earn the trust of her constituents, and that says a lot about who MARCY KAPTUR is as a person. 
As the son of a World War II veteran myself, I would submit that perhaps MARCY ’s most enduring accomplishment was her 17year battle to get a World War II Memorial built on The National Mall. I just wish that it had been completed in time for my father to have seen that. I know he would have been really excited about it. Unfortunately, he passed away in 1998, before that wonderful memorial was completed, but I know he is looking down and sees it. I really appreciate all the other World War II veterans that do get to see it. Through a number of setbacks, MARCY KAPTUR never wavered in her support for that memorial. Every time I meet with a group of World War II veterans who have flown in on an honor flight—which was another Ohio creation, I might add—to visit the memorial, I am reminded of MARCY ’s dedication and determination to make that happen. We truly owe her a great deal of credit for the beautiful tribute to the Greatest Generation that the World War II Memorial has become. As dean of the Ohio Republican delegation, I would like to express how proud the Members in this Chamber are for this historic accomplishment. Even though we do not agree on everything—or, I guess, even very much sometimes—and have been known to have a few disagreements here and there, I am proud that she is not only breaking the record for the longest serving woman in this body, but she is doing so as a Representative of our great State, the great State of Ohio. We are really proud of MARCY . We are happy that she has accomplished this. We hope she will be around here for many years to come. I hope I am here, as well, to continue to serve with her. Obviously, all of our constituents get to make that decision every 2 years. Congratulations, MARCY . I speak on behalf of all my colleagues within the Ohio delegation as well as on behalf of an awful lot of other Republicans in the House who respect you greatly. Congratulations. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, it is now my pleasure to yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ). Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member WATERS for contriving this colloquy on Financial Services. It is my distinct honor to join my colleagues in celebrating this milestone in recognizing Congresswoman MARCY KAPTUR ’s remarkable record of service to her constituents, her country, and to every woman in every corner of this country. I would add, every man and every child. On the long, dark road to equality, role models are the street lamps that light the path forward. For the last 35 years, MARCY KAPTUR has been a role model and a source of light for millions of young women and young men. In other words, even after 35 years in this body, she is still woke, just like the ranking member. Ms. KAPTUR has championed progress on several important issues: protecting our water and our air from pollution, protecting consumers from predatory financial institutions, honoring the incredible sacrifice of our veterans—we have heard at length her work behind the World War II Memorial—and supporting working families so they have a fair shot in this economy. But it is very much possible, and I would say very much probable, that her greatest accomplishment has not yet been realized. I am confident this Chamber will someday be filled with women—someday soon—who are inspired to run for Congress by the longest serving woman in history. MARCY has taught me the value and the way to fight for the little guy. I remember this one moment on a Sunday evening when I was catching a few hours of a television show. I have very little time to watch TV, but I had a moment to watch the John Oliver show. I don’t even think MARCY knew that she was the subject of that evening’s broadcast. I will just briefly say that it was about John Oliver totally disgusted by the way little poultry farmers had been put at a disadvantage by the way we had rigged the rules here in Washington. MARCY was the hero of the show when they showed her standing at a podium much like this in the Appropriations Committee room trying to unrig the law so it was not so unfair to these poultry farmers. I remember her so passionately standing there saying: All these people want to do is earn an honest living. I felt that deep in my gut. Here was a Congresswoman standing up for the little guy against the big corporations. John Oliver whipped the national audience into such a fervor, they were so angry when they saw this happen, and here was MARCY standing up for them. He then accused all the people who rigged the rules, who were defending the rigged rules, of having—I can’t even speak about what he said on the floor of the House. I urge you to go see it for yourself. I think you will be quite entertained. I was so excited, the next morning, on Monday, I saw MARCY on the floor and I said: MARCY , you were great on this show. She said: What happened? Then I explained to her. I said: You need to put this on your Facebook page. You are going to get hundreds of thousands of new followers. You need to put this on your website. But her first concern was this. She said: Oh, I heard the John Oliver show uses bad language. That typifies MARCY KAPTUR : decent, collegial. MARCY has taught me many important lessons about the value of this institution. I know she loves the Congress. I know she loves this House of Representatives and wants to uphold the mores, uphold the norms, norms that are so important in a democracy: it is important to be civil; it is important to speak in ways that are respectful. MARCY serves as that example to me. It is not just the surface niceties, but the deep values of standing up for the little guy against the big corporations and defending the American Dream for everybody. Mr. Speaker, I thank MARCY for her service, and I look forward to serving with her many more years. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ). Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman, Congressman WATERS , for pulling this little surprise together. I thank MARCY KAPTUR . It is so great to be able to stand on the floor of the House and laud one of our great, great Members on her great achievement of serving here for 36 years in the House of Representatives. She continues every day to bring her intelligence and persistence to issues from labor and working people to Ukraine. Her accomplishments are enormous. She was the first in her family to graduate from high school. She earned a BA and an MA, served in the White House, and now is the longest serving woman in Congress. MARCY has never forgotten her blue collar roots. She knows the importance of unions in providing job security and good wages. She has focused on making sure that workers get their earned pension benefits. This is a big issue right now that she is leading the charge on. I feel, and have felt from the beginning, a special affinity, being a midwesterner and coming to this Congress with these Midwestern values: nothing fancy; it is just about working people who want a good life and deserve to get it. MARCY can match anybody with her understanding in the details of pension policy. She always stays focused on the fundamental goal of pensions, which is simply making sure that, after a life of hard work, women and men can retire with dignity and security, something that I am afraid is in too short supply today. MARCY is continuing to lead that battle. MARCY has been an expert on trade policy. I learned that early on in my tenure here in the House. On the 10th anniversary of NAFTA, MARCY , with the help of the Teamsters union, organized a visit and took a group of us first to the border city of El Paso, Texas, to look at and talk to people who had lost their jobs and had moved across the border. We then crossed the border to Ciudad Juarez, where we actually saw people living in the packing crates of the products they were working to manufacture at the maquiladoras. So, on both sides of the border, we saw the pain that was caused. 
On that trip, we went to Mexico City, talked to leaders, talked to union leaders and political leaders, government leaders. We also went to the city of Puebla and talked to people there. It was a really comprehensive trip that gave us a sense of what happens to people when they are not being considered when policies are being made. She continues today, as we renegotiate the NAFTA agreement and the administration works on that, to have input on what a really fair trade deal looks like—not just free trade, but fair trade—where it is not just the big corporations, but it is the workers in all the countries, in the United States of America and the workers in countries that we have trade agreements with, and that all the workers get a fair deal. MARCY fights for people who played by the rules, faithfully going to work every day and making their pension contributions. They are counting on her and us to fight for them and to fight for a middle class in this country to help people who are poor get to the middle class and stay there. Those people—our people—could not have a better champion in this United States House of Representatives, in this Congress, than MARCY KAPTUR of Ohio. I love you, MARCY . Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. SPEIER ). Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, it is a personal thrill for me to participate in this special hour. I want to thank the gentlewoman from California for doing a very good job of surprising our guest of honor this evening. She did it very well because she did it on policy. She got Marcy to come here on a night when she should be celebrating, but she didn’t hesitate to come down here to talk about what is wrong with Wall Street, which shows you how committed MARCY KAPTUR is. b1945 When I think of MARCY KAPTUR , I think of a string of pearls. She is always providing pearls of wisdom to all of us. We have heard from many Members who have spoken about the fact that she has mentored them. I know when I was a young Member here— young only in time served—that it was MARCY who came up to me a number of times to show support and to provide me guidance. She also has a very elegant way, a very simple and elegant way that she comports herself. When she talks about issues, she talks with great passion, but with great dignity—again, a reflection of a string of pearls. She has never forgotten her roots. She has never forgotten her constituents. Now, her blood may be red, but there is a lot of blue running through them because she has always been there for the bluecollar worker. And she oftentimes in caucus is the conscience for all of us because she reminds us about the working class: What are we doing for the working class, lower middle class Americans? Her commitment to economic justice cannot be lost on any of us because that has been one of the main principles that has really directed her work here and has been a moral compass for her. So when the financial meltdown happened, MARCY had such a passion for wanting to right this terrible wrong, and she was no longer serving on the Financial Services Committee, but she had a thirst to learn everything she possibly could about what was necessary to reform the system. And I remember her coming to a briefing that I had with some experts, and then she invited me to a briefing that she had with some experts because all she wanted to do was get to the truth of what we needed to do. She has conviction that she, I think, reflected in all she did through that financial meltdown because she was going to stop at nothing less than wholesale changes to fix the system, because, as many of us felt: never, ever again. So as I think about the fact that we are celebrating the longest serving woman in the history of the United States House of Representatives, I feel so privileged to say that I know you; that I have served with you. There is no one who is more ethical in this building than you; there is no one more compassionate in this building than you; and there is no one more committed to economic justice in this building. There has never been, nor do I think will there ever be, anyone who cares about Ohio like MARCY KAPTUR . MARCY , thank you for being a beacon for all of us to follow. I truly love you, respect you, honor you; and I am truly pleased that we are celebrating a wonderful career here tonight that is only going to continue. But I think we all feel pretty special being part of this celebration. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ). Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California for organizing the ‘‘What is Wrong with Wall Street’’ here tonight so that we could have the opportunity to hail one of our true champions and sheroes this evening. I just, first of all, want to associate myself with all of the comments that have already been made. When you have served for 36 years, we could wax on forever about your distinguished career of public service, so I won’t do that. I just want to focus on one thing that you have done that has really touched me in a very profound way, and that is, as a valued friend and colleague and mentor, your passion for the Great Lakes. From your seat on the Appropriations Committee, and now the co chair of the bipartisan Great Lakes Task Force, you have never ever, MARCY , missed a beat when it came to the Great Lakes. And I am sure that there were times when you have felt like you were a lonely voice out there crying in the wilderness. There is an old African proverb that says: Water has no enemies. So you would think, given that, that there would be just this plethora of funding and strategies, but there has not been. We have seen the crisis in lead in drinking water, bathing; sportsmen depend on water; agriculture depends on water; and truly, we need a water policy and a policy around the Great Lakes that makes sense whenever we do an infrastructure bill. Now, for every one of those 18,000 plus days of service in the House, you have been a steward and a champion for protecting not only this environmental treasure, but MARCY also recognizes how much this resource provides for our regional and national economy. If the Great Lakes region, the U.S. and Canadian provinces, were a separate country, it would have a gross domestic product of $6 trillion, making it the third largest economy in the world. That growth and development would not be possible without leaders with vision and passion like you, MARCY , and so I want to thank you. I agree with the gentleman who has said that your greatest accomplishments have not even occurred yet, as it pertains to developing the potential for these water resources in the Great Lakes. I want to thank you for your legacy of working to stop the invasive Asian carp; fighting for safe and clean drinking water; making sure that the Great Lakes get the needed support from the Army Corps of Engineers for their funding, for dredging, and to maintain the critical infrastructure to support commerce; for fighting against efforts to roll back the Clean Water Act; and, certainly, for your vigorous opposition to efforts to kill the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. Thank you, MARCY , for your leadership, and I love you dearly. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ). Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California for yielding. MARCY , it is an honor to be on the floor this evening. We have joined together many times to share a message for the American public about the fight for what is right. No one leads that fight better than you. We have assembled here to celebrate the extraordinary career of our great colleague and friend from Ohio, my friend from Ohio, MARCY KAPTUR . MARCY is a towering giant in the history of Congress. Her legislative achievements are too numerous to count. Her work led the way in the creation of the moving and so powerful World War II Memorial on the National Mall. What great respect for our veterans. And that is who you are, a respectful individual. MARCY was one of the first Members of Congress to raise the alarm for 
America’s workers and industries facing unfair competition from trade policies around the world. She has been a champion of America’s farmers, fighting tirelessly to protect the rights of poultry growers and restore some balance to our Nation’s increasing consolidated meat industry. She continues to be a champion and a visionary in the fight to bring down skyrocketing prescription drug costs; to restore stability and good sense to our financial system; and to save the Great Lakes and the millions who rely on their resources from the harmful algal blooms—blooms that threaten to poison their rich waters. There is no Member in this or any Congress who is more committed to serving the needs of her constituents and her district. While she has proven to be truly formidable to her opponents, MARCY is as kind as she is fierce. In just a few days, this Sunday, March 18, MARCY will become the longest serving woman in the history of the United States House of Representatives. What a proud achievement. What a proud moment. What a great moment in history to witness and share: 35 years, 2 months and 14 days, but who is counting? Those numbers are the official numbers that surpass the record set by former Massachusetts Representative Edith Nourse Rogers. Her enduring service has met more than three decades whereby girls have grown up in Ohio and all across America seeing that they, too, could serve and lead in the United States Congress, an impressive example that my friend, MARCY  KAPTUR , continues to set. I am more than pleased and more than a little relieved to say that MARCY is as passionate and driven as the day we met nearly a decade ago. As the longest serving woman remaining in either Chamber, God willing, in a few years, MARCY will become the longest serving woman in the history of the United States Congress. It is my great hope that I will have the privilege to witness that historic moment, just as I am humbled to share in this one. I want to thank MARCY KAPTUR for years of our friendship, our collaboration, our conversations, our coaching— her coaching, I should say—on the floor between votes and in Special Orders here on the floor after session, and for always upholding the values we share in service of the American people. Speaking of values, we cherish the bond that we both hold with a common Polish heritage, something that I know causes her heart to pound nobly and boldly and proudly. MARCY , you are a unique individual, a oneofakind human being. You are a living legend, a leader with a steel backbone, and a treasure of this Congress and our great Nation. We say thank you for your passion. We say thank you for your intellect. We say thank you for your integrity, and we say thank you for leading in the walk for justice, social and economic justice, so that all people can be touched by your soulfulness and your kind and loving being. God Bless you. Congratulations. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas, Representative LOUIE GOHMERT . Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and greatly appreciate a moment to speak. I guess to borrow a bit from Shakespeare’s account of what Marc Antony said: I come not to bury MARCY KAPTUR, but to praise her. I got to know MARCY back during the economic disaster where investment banks brought us to the brink of ruin. And though we come from different backgrounds and we have different ideas at times about the best way to go forward, I always know that MARCY  KAPTUR will be honest with me, that she cares deeply about the country, and that is her driving concern. It is actually easy to talk to people in this body—even across the aisle—when their driving concern is in the best interest of the country. We shared a passion back after the problems in late 2008, in that I saw someone who was ethical and actually righteous who wanted to see that those who caused the problem that brought us to the brink of ruin were not rewarded, and that also we didn’t end up punishing those who had no fault. I am still concerned that she and I were not able to see that the problems were not rewarded and the innocent were not punished. I am not real proud of how our parties together responded to that crisis, but through all of that, and in the years intervening since, actually 10 years—it was back in 2008—I have come to build my respect for MARCY KAPTUR and know that this is somebody—agree or disagree, and we often disagree—but she is going to be honest, and that she has that passion in her heart to do what is best for the country. b2000 There are people who have attributed the comment to different people over the years. My late mother said that our pastor back in 1951, before I was ever around, used it about a married couple, and he said: If two people agree on everything, one of them is unnecessary. So here on the floor, it is important that we hear from each other and we get different viewpoints in arriving at what is best for the country. But one thing I have grown to understand and know is that when I talk to MARCY  KAPTUR , it is somebody who I know will be straightforward, agree or disagree, will be honest, and will be honorable; and that is not a bad way to approach things. If we had more people with whom we could have those kind of discussions, there would probably be a lot fewer ulcers amongst our colleagues on this floor and the country would be far the better off for it. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my friend, Congresswoman WATERS , for sharing this opportunity. I didn’t realize that my friend, MARCY KAPTUR , was going to set a new record. All I knew is I didn’t really care about the gender, but I care greatly about the person and how she has enriched this body by being here. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the opportunity. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members will have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SMUCKER ). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? There was no objection. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, prior to wrapping up this session of friends who care so much about MARCY KAPTUR , I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ) not to talk about Wall Street. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I must say, I was not expecting what just happened. I want to thank the gentlewoman from California, my beloved friend of almost over three decades—in having the deep respect I have for her in her own life before she came to Congress and now as the ranking member on the Financial Services Committee; a very difficult position to hold—for taking this opportunity so late in the evening to commemorate my tenure here in our magnificent U.S. House of Representatives. Mr. Speaker, I thank every single Member who has come down. Obviously this is Women’s History Month, and we had this announcement today, and I happened to be the victim of it. Mr. Speaker, I thank the people of Ohio’s Ninth Congressional District for believing in me throughout my political career, for teaching me, for helping me to learn more and to understand the travails and the possibilities that were in their minds and hearts. I thank them so very much for that. As with anyone, we all have our faults and human limitations, but, to the best of our ability, we have tried to uphold the Constitution and to help the American people. I think back to my very first term in Congress, beginning in 1983. There was a great Congressman from Florida, Claude Pepper. I can still see him down in the well. Probably the most important vote I cast in my first few months in Congress was the refinancing of Social Security. What a great leader he was. Probably not originally from the liberal wing of our party, yet liberals and conservatives came together to do what was right in resecuring Social Security for the next generation. 
District hugs the Lake Erie coastline from Cleveland to Toledo. Congresswoman KAPTUR also is the first Democratic woman ever to serve on the powerful Defense Subcommittee. There, she is a strong advocate for national security, energy independence and adequate support for the armed forces. She is also a member of the Interior Subcommittee where she fights for clean water programs that protect our Great Lakes. Earlier in her congressional career, she served on the Appropriations Financial Services Subcommittee as well as the Banking Committee. She served on the Budget Committee as recently as the 112th Congress. She has received the Prisoner of War ‘‘Barbed Wire’’ Award for her commitment to veterans’ affairs. She has secured funding for a pathbreaking study into the incidence of posttraumatic stress disorders and other mental health issues among our armed forces. And she helped lead a community effort to save the 180th Fighter Wing in Toledo when it was threatened by the base closure commission. Congresswoman KAPTUR has always shown strong interest in America’s standing in the world and its relations with other countries. She currently serves on the Congressional Executive Commission on China and cochairs the Congressional Hungarian Caucus and also the Ukraine Caucus. A strong supporter of Middle East peace, she directed the first surplus farm commodities in 1999 to support the peace process in Lebanon, Israel and the Palestinian Authority. Congresswoman KAPTUR remains dedicated to the development of democratic institutions globally. She has spearheaded private charitable efforts to alleviate suffering in nations such as Ukraine and Vietnam. As leader on issues related to international trade and human and labor rights, MARCY  KAPTUR has led the fight for fair trade laws, dating back to her opposition to the North American Free Trade Agreement. In 1993, Congresswoman KAPTUR was awarded an Honorary Doctor of Laws degree by the University of Toledo in recognition of her ‘‘effective representation of the community.’’ St. Ursula Academy named MARCY KAPTUR  Alumna of the Year in 1995. She is recipient of the Taubman College Distinguished Alumna award from the University of Michigan, making her the first woman so recognized and the first graduate of the Urban and Regional Planning Program to be so honored. MARCY KAPTUR recently received the Director’s Award from the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University for her commitment to increased understanding and appreciation of the peoples and cultures of Eurasia, Russia and East Europe. MARCY KAPTUR was named the National Mental Health Association’s ‘‘Legislator of the Year’’ for her championing mental health and received the 2002 Ellis Island Medal of Honor. MARCY KAPTUR is also the author of a book, Women in Congress: A Twentieth Century Odyssey that was published by Congressional Quarterly in 1996. Dedicated to the principle that fiscal responsibility begins in ‘‘one’s own backyard,’’ Congresswoman KAPTUR has consistently returned money to the federal Treasury. MARCY KAPTUR refuses to accept Congressional pay raises and donates them to offset the federal deficit and charitable causes in her home community. MARCY KAPTUR leads the charge on urban agriculture in Congress, she introduced the Urban Agriculture Production Act of 2017, which will create help create jobs, healthier, local food options and opportunities for cities and towns to become part of the food production process. With all of that said, Congresswoman KAPTUR’s kindness, thoughtfulness, and generosity precede her. When Hurricane Harvey hit the 18th District, she promptly sent my staff a box of doughnuts, knowing they would need that extra push to get through the busy hours ahead. Congresswoman KAPTUR goes above and beyond her job description as Ranking Member of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies. MARCY KAPTUR worked closely with me to pass several Jackson Lee amendments to Energy and Water Appropriations spending bills to provide funding for flood mitigation studies in Houston and Harris County and was crucial in securing House passage of the supplemental appropriations providing disaster recovery relief for hurricane Harvey victims. So on behalf of the residents of the 18th District of Texas, I say thank you Congresswoman KAPTUR for being there and standing strong with us in our time of need. Her compassion shows through random acts of kindness and thoughtfulness ranging from holding the door open for a young staffer to calling to check on the status of the 18th District as she is concerned about the human consequences of extreme flooding—I imagine her background in urban planning plays a role in her attentiveness. As the Ranking Member for the subcommittee with Jurisdiction over the Army Corps of Engineer, Congresswoman KAPTUR  helped in the effort to secure funding allocated to study floods—a crucial program for Hurricane Harvey recovery and future preparedness. Thank you for your leadership, Congresswoman KAPTUR . Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate my friend and colleague Representative MARCY KAPTUR of Ohio on becoming the longestserving woman in the history of the House. On Sunday, March 18, she will surpass the late Representative Edith Nourse Rogers of Massachusetts, who held the previous record of thirtyfive years, two months, and fourteen days. But more than her longevity, Representative KAPTUR has brought to the House her tireless work ethic, her intellect, and her devotion to serving the people of lakeshore Ohio. A Toledo native and the first in her family to attend college, Representative KAPTUR began her public service career as a member of the ToledoLucas County Plan Commission and later as a domestic policy advisor to President Jimmy Carter. When she defeated an incumbent Representative in a stunning upset election in 1982, Representative KAPTUR came to Congress and hit the ground running. She has been a leader in the fight for higher wages, workers’ rights, and ensuring access to affordable health care. It was Representative KAPTUR who first proposed the idea in Congress of creating a National World War II Memorial, and she wrote the legislation that eventually authorized its construction on the National Mall. As a senior member of the Appropriations Committee, Representative KAPTUR has been at the forefront of efforts to invest in both our national security and in domestic priorities that help working families access opportunities to achieve economic security and get ahead in Ohio and across America. I have very great respect for Representative KAPTUR ’s intellect and her passion for working people and the pain she feels whenever they feel pain. No Member is more committed to drawing attention to and addressing the difficult challenges so many working people experience—not only in her native Ohio, but throughout the middle of our country. I’ve been honored to serve alongside Representative KAPTUR , both on the Appropriations Committee and on the Floor of the House, for the past thirtyfive years. I look forward to continue working closely with her as Democrats carry forward the fight for economic opportunity, equal justice, and stronger communities. Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand today to congratulate my friend and colleague from the great State of Ohio, Congresswoman MARCY KAPTUR who on March 18th will become the longest serving woman U.S. Representative in U.S. history. MARCY , for 35 years, has served this nation and the people of Ohio with distinction. It is my honor to serve with someone that never backs down from a fight and leads on all the things that are important to Ohio and all Americans. I applaud her for her commitment and dedication to revitalizing our cities, ensuring fair trade deals and good jobs for American workers, increased funding for defense and energy security, and protecting the Great Lakes. She has accomplished and contributed so much yet never forgot where she came from or the people that have helped her to become. On behalf of the people of Ohio’s 11th Congressional District, I thank her for her service and congratulations on this historic achievement. 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is nice when we can talk across party lines about someone’s excellent level of service. It has been an honor and privilege to serve with MARCY KAPTUR my 13 years here in Congress. Unfortunately, I want to move from talking about someone with ethical, upright, and righteous scruples to talking about a former FBI Director. b2015 I had concerns back when Robert Mueller was FBI Director. And some people have forgotten, but one of the things that he implemented as FBI Director that I have heard from FBI agents around the country caused a great deal of concern was what he 
called a 5year uporout policy, which, in essence—it is more complicated than this, but basically anyone who found themselves in a supervisory position within the FBI offices anywhere in the country, in the world, they were in a supervisory position for 5 years. At the end of that 5 years they had to either come to Washington and most likely ride a cubical, sit at a desk, or they could get out of the FBI. Most of the honorable, wonderful agents we had in the FBI across the country that so many people here in Washington with the FBI like to point to—why? Because they can point around the country to upright, moral, ethical, honest FBI agents so that you don’t look at the top of the FBI as it has been here. Since I have been here in Congress both under the Bush administration followed by the Obama administration, there have been problems at the top of the FBI. The first time I had an opportunity to question Mr. Mueller, FBI Director Mueller, after getting to Congress in 2005, I was not aware of all of the problems that Director Mueller was creating within the FBI, and so I paid deference, in effect, to his service in the military, in Vietnam. I felt like he deserved that. But then, as I have said about other individuals, no matter how grueling someone’s service may have been, Vietnam or elsewhere, it still doesn’t give them a right to harm my country either through negligence or intentional misconduct. This 5year uporout policy—people didn’t realize what I was understanding and realizing from around the country—was doing massive damage to the Federal Bureau of Investigation. And I kept wondering, ‘‘Why would he do this?’’ Now, I understand here in Washington it wouldn’t be a bad policy. If you are in a supervisory position for 5 years in Washington, maybe you ought to be bounced out into the real United States, outside this surreal District of Columbia for government service, the paradise for bureaucrats. That would have been a far better policy for the FBI, for probably any bureaucracy here. For many of the departments and agencies in Washington, that wouldn’t be a bad idea: Okay. If you are in a supervisory position in Washington, D.C., for 5 years, at the end of the 5 years you have to go out to the real world, go out to the United States itself, in one of the offices out there and deal with real people in real situations rather than this bubble in Washington, D.C., inside the beltway. That might have been a good policy, but that is not the one that Robert Mueller utilized. As I wrestled with that—why would someone implement a policy that forced some of the best people in law enforcement, happened to be in the FBI, in a supervisory position, force them out, why would an FBI Director do that?—it became clear. And I believe it was NPR that had an article, I believe it was, about this policy of Mueller’s and how, I believe it was in part of 2007, Mueller’s policy ran off around 140 or so supervisors in our FBI offices. From the FBI agents I knew who were in supervisory positions around the country, some had 20, 25, 30 years of experience. So when one thinks about 140 FBI agents with absolutely priceless, invaluable experience in law enforcement around the country, and Mueller runs them off not because they are unethical—all the cases of which I am aware, they were very ethical. They were good law enforcement officers. And for those who have been in law enforcement, whether Federal or State or local, I think most would agree with this comment that it takes probably 5 years before someone in law enforcement can gain the respect of other law enforcement officers, and especially if that officer, that agent is with the FBI; because there are too many local, State law enforcement who have dealt with FBI agents who came in, wanted to make a name for themselves, the local officers would do the research, they would do the real tough police work going out, knocking on doors, talking to witnesses, only to have their work, when they finally find the culprit, have, as I have heard local law enforcement talk about, the FBI swoop in, have a press conference, and take the credit for the local work. So that is a reputation, fair or unfair, that local law enforcement often are thinking about when they see a new FBI agent come into town. They are watching to see: Is this person going to be a selfless team player, strictly in the pursuit of law and order and the rule of law, or are they going to come in and use my work to make a name for themselves? Over 5 years or so, the FBI agents would gain respect. I have seen it, read about it, and I know that that has, too often, been the case. It takes a while to build that kind of respect among local law enforcement and also to build that kind of respect in the criminal community so that they know that is a no nonsense person, that the FBI agent is not about ego; it is about following the law and making sure everybody else does. Yet here Robert Mueller comes in as FBI Director, and he is putting in place a policy that is getting rid of the best of the best that we have in the Federal Bureau of Investigation. And some say, well, you may not realize, but he was a Bush appointee. I know he was. And he took office as Director of the FBI shortly before 9/11, so it would be a bit unfair to blame Robert Mueller for failing to see what was coming on 9/11 because he had just simply not been in office that long. But Director Mueller implemented this policy. And as I struggled with why he would do this—he is running off thousands of years of experience. I mean, just in that, about, threefourths of 1 year, 2007, where it was maybe, I believe, about 140 supervisory agents who Mueller ran off—not for unethical conduct, not for inefficiency or inability to be a good law enforcement officer, no. He ran them off because they, perhaps, had too much experience. Anybody who has concern about their own selfimage and perhaps—I mean, I was wrestling with why somebody would run off thousands of years of experience within the FBI, and what I kept coming back to is perhaps there is some kind of insecurity that would cause a Director to be concerned that there would be people within the FBI that might not be complete yesmen, who might have more experience and, because they have been there 20, 30 years, be able to say: Director Mueller, I know this appears to be a good idea. That is what we thought 20 years ago or 15 years ago. We tried that, and it failed. And let me explain to you why, and perhaps I can help suggest a better policy or a better approach to this criminal case or this type of case. When you start running off thousands of years of experience within the FBI, you are creating a great vacuum for experience within the FBI. So that could create situations, and did, where you could have people who were the special agent in charge in the supervisory position for 5 years, and then, because of Mueller’s policy and them not wanting to take their family to Washington, D.C., and sit in some cubical or sit at some desk, be a yesman— they wanted to be law officers. And so, in many cases of which I had heard, FBI agents said: I am not going to sit in a cubical for Mueller. I am a law officer. I am about investigating and enforcing the law. So I am getting out. I am going to make more money where I am going. I would rather have stayed in the FBI. That is where my heart is. That is where I wanted to be. But Mueller is forcing me out. Yeah, it will be better for my family. I will have better hours. I will make more money. But I am not going to Washington. I want to be here in real America making a difference here. Those are the kind of people that Robert Mueller ran off. Maybe it was his insecurity. Maybe, some have said, it was a God complex. I don’t know. But I know, in my heart, I believe Robert Mueller did more damage to the FBI than all of the FBI Directors put together since J. Edgar Hoover. And it is dangerous when one person runs off so many people. So when we came to find out—and again, this was during the Bush administration, the second term. Alberto Gonzalez was the Attorney General. And we had been assured that this very dangerous—dangerous because it was so easily manipulated and abused, but it was called the National Security Letters, NSLs. They were like a subpoena, except without the formalities. Under this law that created what are called the National Security Letters, someone in the Justice Department 
could simply write a letter to an individual, to a company, to a bank, and say: I am writing this under Federal law regarding National Security Letters that allows me to just simply send a letter to you, sign the letter, and direct you to deliver to me all of the documents you have regarding this person or this company, whatever the case might be. They would also put into the letter what the law said, that if the recipient of the letter leaks or tells anybody about that letter, then they have violated the criminal law of the United States and they can be put in prison for leaking, for saying that they had received a letter from the FBI or Justice Department asking for documents. That is a powerful weapon for the U.S. Congress to hand over to the Justice Department, and especially if it is utilized by one lone FBI agent. Well, we have been told in Judiciary Committee repeatedly by FBI Director—we have been told informally, talking about the NSLs, National Security Letters, no, there are no known abuses of the National Security Letters. And then there was an inspector general investigation just to see whether there had been any abuse of these National Security Letters. The report came back from the inspector general that there were potentially thousands of abuses of the National Security Letters where an FBI agent just sent the letter and, under the Fourth Amendment under our Constitution, there was no probable cause that a crime was committed. b2030 There was no evidence that this individual committed a crime. The FBI agent just wanted to find out more about this person; maybe do a fishing exercise to see if there might be something that the FBI agent might investigate. Perhaps the FBI agent, maybe he didn’t like somebody in the community, so he wanted to see if there was anything out there, maybe in his banking records, or in his dealings with other companies. So he sends a national security letter, says give me all the documents you have on this person. In my mind, that is a violation of every American’s constitutional rights. It was a gross deviation from propriety. It violated what FBI Director Mueller told us about how the NSLs were being used as an investigatory tool, and a lot of us got very upset. And I think, to a large degree, that is why the Attorney General ended up stepping down. In retrospect, it really should have been Robert Mueller who stepped down. They were his FBI agents. He failed to control; he failed to provide proper supervision. And I can’t help but think perhaps a contributing factor, maybe the contributing factor to all of the widespread abuses of this power that Congress gave the Justice Department could well have been, probably was because FBI Director Robert Mueller decided to get rid of thousands of years of experience. These are the agents, the supervisors, the people with the most experience that could have told a younger, inexperienced FBI agent: You may be tempted to do this, but that would be an abuse. Don’t even try it. Don’t even go there. But because Mueller had stripped the FBI of thousands of years of experience, there were not the ‘‘gray hairs’’ or the ‘‘no hairs’’ that were out there to mentor younger FBI agents. Sure, there were some around, but not like there would have been had there been such insecurity or whatever it was that caused FBI Director Robert Mueller to do such terrible damage to the ranks of the FBI. This is a guy that we were told: He will be an absolutely perfect special counsel. Well, I knew as soon as I heard that he was being appointed that this was a mistake; that this is a guy that did such horrendous damage to the FBI’s ranks, to their experience level. In fact, as I mentioned to FBI Director Mueller on one of the occasions where I was given the chance to ask questions during our Judiciary Committee hearing, in essence, I said: Director, do you realize that if you really applied your 5year uporout policy to everyone in the FBI in a supervisory position, since you think it is such a good idea, you, Director Mueller, would have had to have left before September of 2006? But instead of being consistent in the way he treated himself as he treated such invaluable FBI agents when he ran them off for no reason other than possibly insecurity, not only did he serve 10 years as FBI Director, which was an insult to all of those he ran off after 5 years, but then President Obama said: Hey, I am going to extend you 2 years. An ethical, fair man, I believe, would have said: I am sorry, President Obama, but I was so vicious in the way I implemented this 5year uporout policy and ran so many good agents off, it would be inappropriate, not only for me to have served 10 years, but to add 2 years on top of that, 12 years. But Robert Mueller did not do that. He was not fair across the board. He was not consistent. That brings me back to—here is a report, March 15 of 2012, by NPR, the headline is: ‘‘Report: Prosecutors Hid Evidence in Ted Stevens Case.’’ Now, Ted Stevens, as I recall, was the longest serving Republican in the Senate back in 2008. Senator Stevens was running for reelection, and he was considered by many to be one of the most ethical, upright Senators out of the 100 who were in the U.S. Senate. Yet Mueller’s FBI decided, apparently, to take out this patriotic, honest, honorable U.S. Senator by what I consider to be abuse of the justice system. This article from NPR says, it starts with this: ‘‘A blistering report released Thursday found that the government team concealed documents that would have helped the late Stevens, a longtime Republican Senator from Alaska, defend himself against falsestatements charges in 2008. Stevens lost his Senate seat as the scandal played out, and he died in a plane crash 2 years later. ‘‘The 500page report by investigator Henry F. Schuelke III shook the legal community, as law professors described it as a milestone in the history of prosecutorial misconduct. ‘‘Investigators weren’t talking Thursday. But Brendan Sullivan, who defended the Senator, had plenty to say. ‘The extent of the corruption is shocking,’ Sullivan says. ‘It’s the worst misconduct we’ve seen in a generation by prosecutors at the Department of Justice.’’ But it is important to note, Mr. Speaker, that this was an FBI case, and it is difficult to believe that the Director of the FBI would have not been personally monitoring, if not personally dictating instructions in such a politically sensitive case as a long term, sitting U.S. Senator; that if you are going to use and manipulate the Department of Justice to take out a U.S. Senator, you should be extraordinarily sure that you have a legitimate case. But I don’t have the information that would indicate what briefings FBI Director Mueller had over the investigation, but I would humbly submit, Mr. Speaker, either Director Mueller got regular briefings on the investigation and development of the case against Senator Ted Stevens, or he was incompetent in not even bothering to keep abreast of developments in a case that would be so politically sensitive. But this article says: ‘‘The report’’— by the Inspector General—‘‘is based on a review of 128,000 documents and interviews with prosecutors and FBI agents on the hot seat.’’ But sadly, the FBI, under Mueller, pushed this case, this investigation, to a head so that it was capable of being tried before the 2008 election in November and, in fact, Stevens was convicted just days before the election, and then I believe he only lost the race for Senate by a couple of thousand votes or so. But the report says that prosecutors should have shared information that might have obliterated the witness’ credibility against Stevens, and they had evidence that their key witness had told the same story 55 different times; but that the FBI got evidence that their key witness had had a sexual relationship with a 15yearold girl and then asked the girl to lie about it under oath. And so it is easy to see how he would have been manipulated. But after telling the story that would have acquitted Ted Stevens, as he should have been acquitted we now know from all the evidence, actually, they were able to push the witness into changing his story immediately before trial in order to testify against Stevens. 
Like I said, we do not know exactly what Mueller knew, didn’t know, but he surely had to know when the FBI agent who was assisting his supervisor in the case, when he did an affidavit, signed it under penalty of perjury, indicating the improprieties of the agent in charge of the case, which is named Kepner, Director Mueller had to have known that one of his agents said: I cannot live with this prosecutorial misconduct. This is figuratively what he said. The agent in charge, the FBI agent in charge, hid evidence that would have proved what I believe, beyond a reasonable doubt, Ted Stevens was not guilty. Not just raised a reasonable doubt; would have proved he was not guilty. As the Alaska Dispatch News asked in their headline from their article in September 2016—actually, June 6, 2012, then updated September 2016, their headline asked: ‘‘Why is lead FBI agent in botched Ted Stevens case still employed?’’ So we do know, under Mueller’s FBI, that he did such horrific damage, running off thousands of years of experience, years later, after one FBI agent had such pangs of conscience that an innocent man, Ted Stevens, was convicted when he was 100 percent not guilty, the agent that was the whistleblower had been run off from the FBI. That had to have been with Mueller’s consent. He was removed from every criminal case, which means you need to get out because you are not going to have a job. Yet the agent, Kepner, who was in charge of the investigation, manufactured evidence, hid evidence, according to these reports, and she was still working in the criminal division of the FBI. So when anybody talks to me about how fair and ethical and upright Robert Mueller is, I don’t buy it. I have seen the damage he did to the FBI. I have seen the damage he created by not allowing his FBI agents to be trained to recognize radical Islamists. Sure, after the FBI got notice under Mueller that Tsarnaev, the Boston bomber, had been radicalized and he was a threat to lives and U.S. security, oh, yeah; they sent out an FBI agent to talk to him. And apparently he said: Oh, no, I am not a terrorist. And then they went the extra step to talk to his mother who said: Oh, no, he is a good boy. He is not a terrorist. But because of Robert Mueller placating the Council on AmericanIslamic Relations that was a named party coconspirator supporting terrorism, he placated CAIR, and he had the training materials for our FBI agents purged so they didn’t know what to look for. That is the reason the Boston bombers were on the loose. He needs to resign and go home. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b2045 DANGERS OF BURN PITS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO) for 30 minutes. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss the Helping Veterans Exposed to Burn Pits Act, H.R. 1279, and I will talk a minute about one of my own constituents, Brian, who is facing this very dangerous condition. From the summer of 2004 through 2009, my constituent Brian was deployed a total of six times on combat operations in Iraq and Afghanistan as a United States Marine Corps helicopter mechanic. As a junior marine, he would haul trash daily to the airbases’ burn pits. He helped burn all the unit’s trash and stood security watch on the burn pits, which are always located near work or housing areas in airbases. During each deployment, Brian would smell the trash burning in the pits and was always in the path of the smoke. He would often wear rags across his mouth and nose to reduce the foul smell and filter the smoke from the air he was breathing. After some time, Brian developed breathing troubles, and the base medical center provided inhalers that helped temporarily. When he was home in between the deployments, he had breathing treatments and was diagnosed with bronchitis on multiple occasions. In 2013, Brian developed a serious case of pneumonia. An abscess had formed in the lower lobe of his left lung. It ruptured, filling the lobe with fluid. The doctors removed a portion of Brian’s left lung to save his life. The surgery kept him alive but greatly reduced lung capacity and functionality. In 2016, Brian was offered the option to retire early from the United States Marine Corps. The Veterans Administration reviewed his case and determined a 100 percent disability rating. He is currently going through more testing due to undiagnosed heart issues and elevated blood level count for his blood cells, and he is still being treated for lung problems. To this day, Brian reports having rib cage pain and nerve damage from the lung surgery on a daily basis. Brian is, unfortunately, not the only servicemember whose health is deteriorating due to exposure to harmful substances from burning of waste in military bases. While we are glad to see action taken in the NDAA for fiscal year 2018, we need a more permanent solution. I am proud to cosponsor H.R. 1279, Helping Veterans Exposed to Burn Pits Act, that would create a center of excellence within the Department of Veterans Affairs to better understand the health effects and treatments associated with burn pits. I also encourage our United States military to provide proper breathing safety apparatuses and reconsider their current policy of having burn pits on or near our bases. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and these reforms because we all have an obligation to care for our veterans. 
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Dr. Cyndia Morales Muniz. Dr. Cyndia Morales Muniz serves as an assistant director at Hispanic Initiatives in the president’s division at the University of Central Florida, affectionately known as UCF in central Florida. As chair of UCF’s Hispanic Serving Institution, HSI, Task Force, she facilitates communication and collaboration within the university community to strengthen UCF’s Hispanic serving efforts. As founding president of the Latino Faculty & Staff Association, LaFaSA, at UCF, Dr. Muniz has been the catalyst that has elevated Latino programming at UCF. With grant support from the Hispanic Federation, she established the CREAR Futuros Mentoring Program at UCF in 2016. The following year, she planned UCF’s inaugural Latino graduation ceremony, Nuestra Graduacion. In the local community, she supports the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce of Metro Orlando and the Hispanic Heritage Scholarship Fund of Metro Orlando. Dr. Muniz is highly regarded in the central Florida community. She also advocates for Latino student success at the national level, helping lead two national projects in partnership with Excelencia in Education and serving as the UCF representative within the Hispanic Association of Colleges and Universities. She also coleads the Puerto Rican Education Relief Team at UCF, helping support displaced students affected by Hurricane Maria in their transition to central Florida. Having been a firstgeneration, low income college student, she takes full advantage of opportunities to discuss and elevate best practices and policy implications for underrepresented communities. Dr. Muniz earned a bachelor’s degree in sociology at Binghamton University, a master’s degree in sociology at St. John’s University, and a doctoral degree in educational leadership at the University of Central Florida. Most recently, she was selected as a 2018 College Board Professional Fellow. Dr. Muniz is a proud Puerto Rican and resides in Orlando with her loving husband, Antonio. For that, Dr. Cyndia Morales Muniz, we honor you. 
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Vetnah ‘‘Yemen’’ Monessar. Vetnah ‘‘Yemen’’ Monessar is a community organizer and political activist with over 13 years of experience in mobilizing and elevating the narrative of Muslim Americans in our community. 
She has led legislative and electoral campaigns at all levels of government, advocating for equitable healthcare, education reform, fair access economic development, and human rights, in addition to numerous other issuebased campaigns. Vetnah serves as the executive director of Emgage Florida, a civic engagement nonprofit that aims to educate, engage, and empower Muslim Americans in the civic engagement process. She made history as the first hired woman State director for a Presidential campaign as the State coalition director for Hillary for America. Vetnah currently serves as the vice president of the Orlando American Muslim Chamber of Commerce, on the Young Professionals Board of Harbor House, and on the Orlando Chapter 57 Citizen Review Board and has received numerous community service and leadership awards. She received her degree in Islamic studies and religion from the Islamic University of Dr. Bilal Philips, as well as a degree in paralegal studies with a focus on transactional and litigation law. As a community leader, she is a constant champion of those who traditionally do not have their voices heard and empowering them to be involved in the democratic process. For that, Vetnah ‘‘Yemen’’ Monessar, we salute you. 
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Margie Viera. Margie Viera is a force of nature and an inspiration to us all. She works with community leaders, government, and businessowners from all industries to bring opportunities and growth to the central Florida region. She has influence in major areas, including public affairs, education, business development, international commercial import and export, and strategic alliances. She helps businesses, big and small, to achieve growth. Her work has made an impact globally in major world centers, including in Puerto Rico; California, Texas, Florida in the United States; as well as Latin America, Spain, among other countries. Margie is passionate about volunteering and mentoring. She is the development director at the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce of Metro Orlando, one of the Nation’s leading organizations committed to the economic development of the Hispanic community directly impacting the central Florida region. Throughout her tenure as development director, Margie has engaged widely in policy development and advocacy across education, economic, social, and cultural spheres. In the educational industry, Margie worked transforming lives through her service as the daytime program director at Ana G. Mendez University System, where she started the first bilingual program that serves Hispanic youth and empowered her students by giving them access to professional opportunities and skills development. She is the cofounder of the Aspire to Inspire Youth Mentorship Program, which impacts underserved students to inspire them to become the next generation of leaders. Aspire to Inspire is a community organization that inspires Latin youth to stay in school and reach for the stars while creating a culture of #Paying IT Forward in her community. Born in Puerto Rico and the single mother of two boys, Margie understands firsthand the challenges of living on the mainland away from her family on the island. She is a woman of valor, a loving mother, and a fierce advocate for education. Margie Viera is a Latina leader using her powerful voice for our most vulnerable in central Florida. For that, Margie Viera, we honor you. HONORING KAREN COOPER WELZEL DURING  
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Karen Cooper Welzel. Karen Cooper Welzel was born in Michigan. Both her parents fought for workers’ rights and led the formation of the United Auto Workers union. Her family history became the basis for Karen to become politically active and as involved as she is today. Karen and her husband, George, moved to central Florida in 1994 and soon thereafter joined in the Polk Democratic Executive Committee meetings and the local Democratic club meetings. Karen worked in human resources and later became a corporate HR director for a private hospitality company, overseeing five hotels and other properties. Karen volunteered for the Howard Dean Presidential campaign in 2003 and continued in local politics by participating in Democratic clubs and the Polk County Democratic Party. She attended training sessions, served as a delegate to the Florida Democratic Party conventions, and encouraged and supported local candidates. Karen was later elected chairwoman of the Polk County DEC. She chartered five new Democratic clubs in the county and opened two campaign offices. She also serves on the board of directors of Side Street Art Beat, an organization that provides opportunities for creative selfexpression and support for individuals with special needs. In 2014, Karen started a local chapter of the Democratic Women’s Club of Florida in East Polk County. She currently serves as the chair of the Candidate Screening Committee. In 2016, she was elected by the Polk County DEC members to serve as the State Committee Woman and currently is chairing the Polk DEC Campaign Committee. Karen and members of the DWC East Polk Ridge Club organized two women’s rallies that resulted in the creation of the DWCF Lakeland Club. Karen has stood before the Polk County Legislative Delegation several years in a row demanding voting rights for all citizens and gun safety measures. Karen is the mother of two sons and now proud to be a grandmother. For that, Karen Cooper Welzel, we honor you. HONORING YBETH BRUZUAL DURING WOMEN ’S 
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor of Ybeth Bruzual. Ybeth Bruzual is a beloved VenezuelanPuerto Rican journalist in our community who has lived in central Florida since 1981 and considers our area her home. Ybeth is an anchor for Spectrum News 13. She also hosts ‘‘Political Connections’’ on Sundays. She is a threetime Emmy nominee and won an Emmy in 2016 for the Pulse Vigil live coverage at Lake Eola. Bruzual was honored with the UCF Department of Political Science Outstanding Alumni Award in 2015 for her political coverage. She is fascinated by politics. She earned a bachelor’s degree in international politics from the University of Central Florida. She puts that knowledge to good use in her job at News 13. Ybeth bleeds black and gold and is a proud member of the UCF Alumni Association. She enjoys cheering on the UCF Knights at sporting event at Spectrum Stadium. She also earned an AA degree from Valencia College, where she served as a writer and circulation manager in the 1990s on the school’s newspaper, Valencia Voice. She calls herself an endless prisoner of hope, and demonstrates that by her many community activities. She is a past board member for both Shepherd’s Hope Clinic and Central Florida Chapter Board for Lighthouse of Central Florida, offering service to the blind, and a former mentor for the Compact Program for Orange County Public Schools. Ybeth is the past president of the Central Florida Chapter of the National Association of Hispanic Journalists, and is a proud lifetime member of that organization. Ybeth and her husband, Alfredo, have a young son. And for that, Ybeth Bruzual, we honor you. b2100 
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Lisa Ann Franchina. Lisa Ann Franchina is a local attorney. She is also a member of many civic organizations, and has served on many community boards in central Florida. Born in Queens, New York, Lisa received her bachelor of arts in humanities from Hofstra University, and her juris doctorate from the Shepard Broad Law Center at Nova Southeastern University. 
After her graduation from law school, Lisa was an assistant public defender in Orlando, handling trials and appeals in criminal court. For the last 25 years, Lisa has been a smallbusiness owner, operating her own firm. In 2016, Lisa received a Spotlight Award for her service on the membership committee of the family law section of the Florida bar. In additional, Lisa is an active member of our community. She is a current member and past secretary for the Orange County League of Women Voters, and a member of the Tiger Bay Club of Central Florida as well. Lisa has served as President of the Central Florida Chapter of the National Association of Women Business Owners, as a director and executive committee member of the Back to Nature Wildlife Refuge, and as a board member for the Orlando Marine Institute. Lisa is currently serving her third term as president of the Board of Trustees for the Orange County Library System, and her second term as chair of the Orange County Animal Services Advisory Board. Lisa is a shelter volunteer at the Orange County Animal Services, and has donated over 5,000 volunteer hours in the past 2 years. Lisa was named as 2016 Orange County District Four Citizen of the Year for her service to the central Florida community. And for that, Lisa Ann Franchina, we honor you. 
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Daisy LopezCid. Not many people can say that, in the height of a financial meltdown and national housing crisis back in 2008, they would venture out on their own to open up a real estate brokerage. While most were downsizing, Daisy LopezCid was planning her empire. In 2007 and 2008, she dove in feet first and opened her office. By 2016, office number two made its debut, and both have been churning out steady numbers since their doors opened. Daisy was ranked in the top 250 sales agents in the country 4 years in a row; and, in 2015, she was ranked number 3 in the Nation. She joined NAHREP, the National Association of Hispanic Real Estate Professionals, in 2008, and quickly realized how the association’s mission to advance sustainable Hispanic home ownership lined up with her core values as a real estate professional. To give back to the organization that has empowered her for so long, she now serves as the NAHREP 2018 national president. Recently, when Hurricane Maria hit our native island of Puerto Rico, she traveled down there for over 2 weeks, bringing down thousands and thousands of pounds of supplies: food, water, medications, clothing, and so many other of the bare essentials that we need for living every day. She went down door to door, and people in Puerto Rico welcomed her into their homes and welcomed the much needed help that helped lift up the island, along with so many entrepreneurs in central Florida who helped with our brothers and sisters in Puerto Rico. Although real estate was not her first career, it was clear to see that this former New York paralegal had found her calling in real estate. Daisy is someone you want to have in your corner, as her zest for success is contagious, and her wisdom speaks beyond her years. Her vast real estate knowledge and love for education and for educating her agents has allowed her firm to grow on Broadway in Kissimmee, and to put more families into homes. Daisy has a passion for customer care that is contagious, and her 50 agents will tell you that she is in it to win it. Her goal is and has always been quality over quantity, and that makes Daisy a success. It is a priority for her to educate her agents and equip them with the tools they will need for success. She also serves as a trustee in our local community college, Valencia College, where we worked together to create Poinciana Valencia campus, which now is up and running and serving thousands of folks in south Osceola County. And for that, Daisy LopezCid, we honor you. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 2286. An act to amend the Peace Corps Act to provide greater protection and services for Peace Corps volunteers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs; in addition, to the Committee on Education and the Workforce for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 7 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, March 15, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning hour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 3249. A bill to authorize the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–597). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 3996. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to permit other courts to transfer certain cases to United States Tax Court (Rept. 115–598). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 506. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide an additional tool to prevent certain frauds against veterans, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–599). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BUCK: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 780. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4061) to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to improve the transparency of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, to improve the SIFI designation process, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4293) to reform the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review process, the Dodd Frank Act Stress Test process, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–600). Referred to the House Calendar. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 5268. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security, through the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, to make grants to eligible local education agencies to provide improved security measures on school grounds, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: H.R. 5269. A bill to require State or territorial approval of restriction by the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce of recreational or commercial fishing access to certain State or territorial waters, respectively; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BUCSHON (for himself, Mr. BARTON , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B ARR, Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia, and Mr. MCKINLEY ): H.R. 5270. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against tax for coalpowered electric generation units; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 5271. A bill to repeal certain impediments to the administration of the firearms laws; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. STIVERS (for himself, Mr. ENGEL , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. GIBBS): H.R. 5272. A bill to ensure that programs and activities that are funded by a grant, cooperative agreement, loan, or loan guarantee from the Department of Health and Human Services, and whose purpose is to prevent or treat a mental health or substance use disorder, are evidencebased; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. POEof Texas, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. KEATING , and Mr. COOK): H.R. 5273. A bill to reduce global fragility and violence by improving the capacity of the United States to reduce and address the causes of violence, violent conflict, and fragility in pilot countries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself, Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, and Mr. ROSKAM ): H.R. 5274. A bill to promote international exchanges on best election practices, cultivate more secure democratic institutions around the world, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. LONG (for himself, Mr. COSTA , Mr. CONAWAY , Mr. J ONES , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. CRAMER , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. B OST, Mr. B IGGS, Mr. GOODLATTE , Ms. C HENEY , Mr. Y OUNG  of Iowa, Mr. SMITH of Nebraska, Mr. MARSHALL , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. CUELLAR , Mr. K IND, Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. R OGERS  of Alabama, Mr. VALADAO , Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. H ARRIS, Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. ROKITA , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Ms. SINEMA , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. S CHRA DER, Mr. L EWIS of Minnesota, Mr. EMMER , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. SMITH of Missouri, Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. GALLAGHER , Mr. B UCK, Mr. DUFFY , Mr. B LUM, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. B ARTON, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. SIMPSON , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. DELBENE, Mrs. N OEM, Mr. YODER , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. FORTENBERRY , Mr. D AVIDSON , Mr. HUIZENGA , Mr. V ELA, Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. THORNBERRY , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. MITCHELL , Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. R ENACCI , Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mrs. ROBY, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. MULLIN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. DENHAM , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. WALBERG , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. GIBBS): H.R. 5275. A bill to amend the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to provide an exemption from certain notice requirements and penalties for air emissions from animal waste at farms; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROYCE of California (for himself and Mr. BLUMENAUER ): H.R. 5276. A bill to modernize the Food for Peace Program in the United States Agency for International Development, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself and Mr. STIVERS ): H.R. 5277. A bill to require the Financial Literacy and Education Commission to establish and publish best practices for teaching financial literacy for institutions of higher education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BUCHANAN (for himself, Mr. YOHO, and Mr. S OTO): H.R. 5278. A bill to make daylight savings time permanent for the State of Florida, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BUCHANAN (for himself and Mr. CURBELO of Florida): H.R. 5279. A bill to make daylight savings time permanent, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CUELLAR: H.R. 5280. A bill to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’, and to designate the jury room in that Federal building and United States courthouse as the 
‘‘Marcel C. Notzon II Jury Room’’; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. DAVIDSON (for himself, Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, and Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5281. A bill to provide for congressional review of the imposition of duties and other trade measures by the executive branch, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. KIND, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. MEEHAN , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. HOLDING , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. R ICE of South Carolina, Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. SESSIONS , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. G IBBS, and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ): H.R. 5282. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to encourage retirement savings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 5283. A bill to make technical amendments to update statutory references to certain provisions classified to title 7, title 20, and title 43, United States Code; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 5284. A bill to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for Congressional oversight of agency rulemaking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MAST (for himself and Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida): H.R. 5285. A bill to condition eligibility for a Federal license to deal in firearms on the passage of an online behavioral awareness training course, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MAST (for himself, Ms. GABBARD , and Mr. K INGof New York): H.R. 5286. A bill to impose a 60day moratorium on the transfer or receipt of an assault rifle, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PEARCE (for himself and Mr. HECK): H.R. 5287. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to clarify the exclusion for sellerfinancers from the definition of mortgage originator, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. POSEY (for himself and Mr. HECK): H.R. 5288. A bill to delay the effective date of the rule issued by the National Credit Union Administration titled ‘‘RiskBased Capital’’; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. ROKITA: H.R. 5289. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit any individual serving as President or Vice President or as a Member of Congress, or any individual who served as an employee of the office of the President or Vice President or the office of a Member of Congress, from engaging in any lobbying activity after serving in such a position, to amend title 41, United States Code, to prohibit executive agencies from awarding contracts to former elected officials, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SANFORD: H.R. 5290. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to require the disclosure, public documentation, and reporting of Federal employee bonuses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. TSONGAS (for herself, Mr. GRIJALVA , and Mr. K EATING ): H.R. 5291. A bill to establish an offshore wind career training grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POCAN (for himself and Mr. GRAVES of Missouri): H. Res. 779. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the week of March 12 through 16, 2018, as ‘‘Public Education Week’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia (for himself, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mrs. BUSTOS , Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. M AST, Mr. KENNEDY , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Mr. SHUSTER , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. YOHO, Mr. T IPTON , Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Mr. H ARPER , Mr. DELANEY , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. GRAVES of Georgia, Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. NORMAN , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. E STES of Kansas, Mr. BABIN, and Mr. D UNN): H. Res. 781. A resolution recognizing Girl Scouts of the United States of America on its 106th birthday and the importance of leadership development for girls; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. MCNERNEY , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. GAETZ , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. M OORE , Mr. MOULTON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. RUSH, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. H IMES, and Mr. POLIS): H. Res. 782. A resolution expressing support for designation of March 14, 2018, as ‘‘National Pi Day’’; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. LYNCH (for himself and Mr. JOYCE of Ohio): H. Res. 783. A resolution expressing support for designation of September as ‘‘National Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. STEFANIK (for herself, Ms. TENNEY , Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. FASO): H. Res. 784. A resolution honoring Chris Mazdzer of Saranac Lake, New York, for proudly representing the United States in three consecutive Olympic Winter Games; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 5268. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: H.R. 5269. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 Article I, Section 8, clause 3 Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 5270. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. LEE: H.R. 5271. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; To borrow money on the credit of the United States; To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; To establish a uniform rule of naturalization, and uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United States; To coin money, regulate the value thereof, and of foreign coin, and fix the standard of weights and measures; To provide for the punishment of counterfeiting the securities and current coin of the United States; By Mr. STIVERS: H.R. 5272. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 5273. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: H.R. 5274. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States . . .’’ By Mr. LONG: H.R. 5275. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among 
the several states, and with the Indian tribes. By Mr. ROYCE of California: H.R. 5276. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mrs. BEATTY: H.R. 5277. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution which grants Congress the power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. BUCHANAN: H.R. 5278. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 provides Congress with the power to ‘‘ regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. BUCHANAN: H.R. 5279. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 provides Congress with the power to ‘‘regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. CUELLAR: H.R. 5280. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The judicial power of the United States, shall be vested in one Supreme Court, and in such inferior courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish. By Mr. DAVIDSON: H.R. 5281. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, subsection 1: ‘‘Congress shall have Power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises’’ and Article 1, Section 8, subsection 3: ‘‘To regulate commerce with foreign nations’’ By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5282. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Article I Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 5283. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution confers on Congress the authority to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying into execution the powers vested by the Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. This legislation makes technical amendments to update statutory references to certain provisions classified to titles 7, 20, and 43, United States Code, as necessary to keep the title current and make technical corrections and improvements. Making revisions to the United States Code is a necessary role of Congress with respect to executing the powers vested by the Constitution in the government of the United States. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 5284. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Congress’ powers granted under Article I of the United States Constitution, including the legislative vesting clause of Article I, Section 1; the power granted to each House of Congress under Article I, Section 5, Clause 2; and the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. MAST: H.R. 5285. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Necessary and Proper Clause in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MAST: H.R. 5286. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Necessary and Proper Clause in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 5287. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Congress shall have power. . . To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 5288. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. ROKITA: H.R. 5289. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several states. By Mr. SANFORD: H.R. 5290. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution By Ms. TSONGAS: H.R. 5291. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 51: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 66: Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana, Ms. N ORTON, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. SHERMAN , and Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 173: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 196: Mr. GIANFORTE . H.R. 291: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 389: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 483: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 559: Mr. POLIQUIN and Mr. B RADY of Texas. H.R. 592: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN and Mr. SENSENBRENNER . H.R. 644: Mr. CRAWFORD , Mrs. H ANDEL , and Mr. DESJARLAIS . H.R. 754: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 771: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 846: Mr. CONAWAY . H.R. 1038: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 1171: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 1267: Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 1276: Ms. BASS, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. DELANEY , and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 1278: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 1279: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1291: Ms. BARRAGA ´N. H.R. 1322: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 1339: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 1409: Mr. SCHNEIDER , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. RASKIN , and Mr. C OLLINS of Geor gia. H.R. 1472: Mr. SENSENBRENNER . H.R. 1478: Mrs. DINGELL , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. COSTA , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. HIMES, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. KEATING , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. NEAL, and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 1494: Mr. HUIZENGA . H.R. 1519: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 1544: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 1553: Ms. HANABUSA . H.R. 1649: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 1661: Mr. CAPUANO and Mr. H UDSON . H.R. 1676: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 1697: Mr. COOPER . H.R. 1734: Mr. STIVERS and Mr. P OLIQUIN . H.R. 1802: Mr. SOTOand Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1825: Mr. DENTand Mr. C UELLAR . H.R. 1881: Mr. COLE, Mr. D UNN, Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. ALLEN , Mr. B ANKS of Indi ana, and Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 1911: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 1943: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 1953: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 2055: Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 2077: Mr. FASOand Mr. O’H ALLERAN . H.R. 2152: Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 2267: Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. WALZ, and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 2358: Mr. KINGof New York and Mr. JONES . H.R. 2488: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 2584: Mr. RUTHERFORD and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 2663: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 2670: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 2942: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 2987: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2999: Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 3067: Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. H.R. 3192: Mr. RYANof Ohio and Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 3207: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. MOORE , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E STY of Con necticut, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. C ARBAJAL , and Mr. SOTO. H.R. 3330: Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana and Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 3378: Ms. MCSALLY . H.R. 3464: Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, and Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 3503: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 3569: Mr. CORREA , Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , and Mr. R USH. H.R. 3642: Mr. PALAZZO . H.R. 3666: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 3798: Mrs. HANDEL . H.R. 3842: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 4018: Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. F OSTER , and Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 4052: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 4078: Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 4106: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 4203: Mr. SMUCKER . H.R. 4223: Mr. CULBERSON . H.R. 4236: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 4256: Mr. VISCLOSKY and Mr. A LLEN . H.R. 4267: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H.R. 4638: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. NADLER , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Ms. MENG. H.R. 4659: Mr. ARRINGTON . H.R. 4681: Mr. SUOZZI , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 4744: Mr. SCHNEIDER and Mr. P OEof Texas. H.R. 4747: Mr. THORNBERRY . H.R. 4811: Mr. COSTA and Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 4837: Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 4844: Mr. PALAZZO . 
H.R. 4857: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 4904: Mr. HULTGREN . H.R. 4909: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. GARRETT , and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 4915: Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. N ORMAN, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , and Ms. T ENNEY . H.R. 5001: Mr. COHEN and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 5085: Miss RICEof New York and Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 5099: Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 5107: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 5111: Mr. JONES . H.R. 5112: Mr. GOHMERT . H.R. 5116: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 5126: Mr. PANETTA and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 5132: Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Mrs. N OEM, Mr. KNIGHT , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. HUDSON , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. V ALADAO , Ms. TENNEY , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. KINZINGER , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. GROTHMAN , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of Cali fornia, Mr. ESPAILLAT , and Mr. L EVIN. H.R. 5138: Ms. SINEMA and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 5155: Ms. MATSUI , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. SARBANES , Ms. H ANABUSA , Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. N ORTON, Mr. K EATING , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. ENGEL , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , and Mr. B UTTERFIELD . H.R. 5180: Ms. KAPTUR and Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 5187: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 5199: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. LONG, Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. GOSAR , and Mr. Y OHO. H.R. 5214: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 5216: Mr. FITZPATRICK , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. M ATSUI , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 5222: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire and Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 5242: Mr. KNIGHT and Mr. M AST. H.R. 5243: Mr. KNIGHT and Mr. M AST. H.R. 5244: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska and Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 5247: Mr. CALVERT and Mr. H UIZENGA . H.R. 5262: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 5263: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.J. Res. 31: Ms. GABBARD . H. Con. Res. 60: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H. Con. Res. 111: Mr. VALADAO , Mr. DENHAM , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. KNIGHT , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. RUSH, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. S HERMAN, Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. E MMER , Mr. CHABOT , Mr. H URD, Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. KINZINGER , and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H. Res. 69: Mr. HUNTER . H. Res. 128: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa and Mr. RUSSELL . H. Res. 319: Mrs. COMSTOCK and Mr. B UDD. H. Res. 632: Mr. KHANNA . H. Res. 644: Mr. SIRES, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. SCHNEIDER , Mr. S UOZZI , and Mrs. W AGNER . H. Res. 652: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H. Res. 763: Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. CARTER of Texas, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. B ARR, Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. A DERHOLT , and Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas. H. Res. 768: Mr. RUIZ. H. Res. 772: Mr. ESTES of Kansas, Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. H ARRIS, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. M ESSER , and Mr. G AETZ . H. Res. 774: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. FASO, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. DENT, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. I SSA, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. REED, Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY  of Florida, Mr. MEEHAN , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. HURD, Mr. P AULSEN , and Ms. S TEFANIK . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1695 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 14, 2018 No. 45 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable RAND PAUL, a Senator from the Commonwealth of Kentucky. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Our Father in Heaven, increase our faith until we are no longer awed by life’s challenging seasons. Direct our Senators in their work, using them to fulfill Your Divine purposes. Lord, remind them that all things are possible to those who believe in Your prevailing providence. We acknowledge this day our great need of Your sustaining power so that we can walk without stumbling or slipping along life’s pilgrim pathway. Help us to remember that faith without works is dead. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 