Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Connie Kurtz, an LGBT rights activist who passed away recently at the age of 81. Connie was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York, where she met and fell in love with the woman who would become her wife, Ruthie Berman. Ruthie and Connie became a couple in 1974, long before samesex couples were afforded equal rights. Ruthie was a school counselor, and, in 1988, they found themselves at the forefront of the gay rights movement when they joined two other couples and sued the New York Department of Education for domestic partner benefits for samesex couples. Their advocacy led to the city extending healthcare benefits to samesex couples in 1994. Ruthie and Connie’s activism did not stop there. They continued to fight for LGBT rights, including rights for older LGBT Americans. They recognized the unique healthcare, social, emotional, and housing needs of our aging LGBT population, and they sought to help minimize these disparities. I am honored to have introduced the Ruthie and Connie LGBT Elder Americans Act with my colleagues Congressman TEDDEUTCH and Congressman CHARLIE CRIST. This legislation defines LGBT seniors as a vulnerable population, requires the Health and Human Services Assistant Secretary of Aging to collect data on the unique needs of this population, and provides grants for service organizations that are working to improve the health and longterm outcomes of the aging LGBT population. Since Connie’s passing, Ruthie has vowed to continue her activism. Ruthie said of her wife: ‘‘Connie took on responsibilities as an activist with the belief that her role had a beginning, a middle, and an end. Working to pass the Ruthie and Connie LGBT Elder Americans Act was Connie’s last political action before she passed away on May 27, 2018. I hope Congress will honor Connie by passing this law so, like Connie, all LGBT older adults can age with the dignity and respect they deserve. Let’s make this happen.’’ Mr. Speaker, I couldn’t agree with her more. Today, in honor of Connie’s life, I encourage all of my colleagues to join me in cosponsoring this legislation. Together, we can take another step toward equality for LGBT older Americans. f 
HONORING CORPORAL JOSEPH MACIEL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Corporal Joseph Maciel of the Third Infantry Division, who died in the line of duty in Afghanistan on July 7. Corporal Maciel was an excellent soldier who had served in the Army for 2 years in the Third ID. He had been stationed in Afghanistan since February of this year. His quality work ethic, positive attitude, and honorable service earned him a number of accolades, including the Army Achievement Medal, National Defense Service Medal, and the Army Service Ribbon. He was highly respected by his fellow soldiers. Corporal Maciel’s passing occurred during an insider attack in Afghanistan in which two other soldiers were wounded. As our soldiers risk their lives in Afghanistan and other nations to spread the values of democracy, we must keep our soldiers and their families in our thoughts and prayers. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Captain Michael McFadden of the Savannah Fire Department, who lost his life in the line of duty earlier this year at 44 years of age. A life dedicated to public service, Captain McFadden served in the United States Marine Corps for 8 years before joining the Savannah Fire Department. His high level of training and successful missions allowed him to rise through the ranks from master firefighter to, eventually, captain. Captain McFadden collapsed suddenly one day with a heart problem. Unfortunately, firefighters are at high risk for severe cardiac problems because of their strenuous physical activity, emotional stress, exposure to pollutants, and smoke inhalation. With more than a million firefighters across the U.S., I hope that everyone will keep these brave men and women in their thoughts as they go to work each day to keep us and our communities safe. Captain McFadden’s family will continue to be in our thoughts and prayers. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of Mr. Ronnie Wayne Thompson, who passed away Sunday, July 8, at the age of 71. A lifetime resident of Savannah in Georgia’s First Congressional District, Mr. Thompson is leaving a lasting legacy on the city. Mainly, he will be remembered for owning and operating the famous Mrs. Wilkes Boarding House restaurant, which serves some of the best homestyle southern cooking in Savannah. Founded by his grandmotherinlaw, Mrs. Wilkes, Mr. Thompson did a seamless job of maintaining the quality of food and the southern atmosphere at the restaurant with which he worked for 40 years. He was spotted often in downtown Savannah, enjoying coffee with friends, attending the St. Patrick’s Day parade, and just generally making other people’s days a little bit brighter. He met his wife, Marcia, at the age of 12 on Tybee Island and spent a great deal of time there in his later years with his grandchildren. A U.S. Marine Corps veteran, longtime Savannahian, smallbusiness owner, husband, father, grandfather, and overall genuine person, Ronnie Thompson truly will be missed. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF TOM RHODES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VELA) for 5 minutes. Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, it is with a great deal of regret that I cannot join family and friends of Jesse Thomas Rhodes, known as Tom, as he is laid to rest today. Tom was, as he would often remind us, the first baby born on January 1, 1955, in Memphis, Tennessee. He is survived by his loving wife, Beth, and his children, Jessica and Robert. Clarence Darrow once said: ‘‘Justice has nothing to do with what goes on in a courtroom; justice is what comes out of a courtroom.’’ Over the years, there has been many a lawyer in this great country who has dedicated his or her life to securing justice for their clients in courtrooms all across this land. Today, I pay tribute to those advocates and to Tom Rhodes, the lawyer. Tom Rhodes was everything a lawyer should be. Tom Rhodes was a fierce advocate. Tom Rhodes was a compassionate counselor. Tom Rhodes was a consummate negotiator. Tom Rhodes communicated with a degree of clarity that always exposed the truth. It was not his considerable courtroom presence, his skill as a lawyer, or the ferocity of his advocacy, however, that left such a lasting impression with most of the people with whom he crossed paths. Instead, it was his generosity and his infectious sense of humor that people will always remember. He constantly made small gestures of kindness to total strangers. He went 
out of his way to help family, friends, and the people who worked for him. He felt a constant need to give back to the community and to the world. After the terror attacks of 9/11, he volunteered his services, representing the families of the victims. When Hurricane Katrina devastated the Gulf Coast in Texas, he not only opened his wallet but donated his time, helping to get supplies to the people affected. His firm has, for many years, sponsored the Respect Project in the San Antonio area, awarding monetary prizes to area elementary students based on essays regarding what it means to respect others. He donated time and money to many other causes, such as halfway houses, women’s shelters, and foundations providing a safe environment for children to reconnect with abusive parents. For all of us, life is the final verdict. For the lawyer, there can be no better final verdict than that of his client, that he was a lawyer his client could always trust, that he was a lawyer his clients could always depend upon, that he was a lawyer his client always knew had his back. Without question, Tom Rhodes was that lawyer. 
RECOGNIZING JONATHAN WALSH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a conscientious young citizen in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who recently was named the Upper Bucks YMCA Role Model of the Year. Jonathan Walsh of Quakertown received this award for his participation in the YMCA’s Teen Fusion after school program, where he stood out amongst his peers for his respect, his sense of responsibility, and his honesty. I commend Jonathan for this impressive achievement, and I look forward to seeing what this future leader will accomplish in the years ahead. I also want to commend the Upper Bucks YMCA for recognizing Jonathan and wish this organization well as it celebrates its 50th year of service to the community. I would especially like to thank Upper Bucks YMCA Executive Director Pat Edwards and President of the Board of Directors Dale Westwood for all the work they do in our community. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize two education professionals in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, whose dedication to our community’s students has led to their appointment as assistant superintendents for the North Penn School District. Jenna Rufo and Todd Bauer were sworn in on July 9 at the Montgomery County courthouse and have recently accepted their new responsibilities. Before becoming assistant superintendent, Jenna was the North Penn School District’s director of special education, while Todd served as principal of the North Penn High School. In their new roles, Jenna will focus primarily on school safety, mental health, professional development, and cultural issues; and Todd will focus on accountability, athletics, summer school, redistricting, and school board policies. We commend these fine public servants for their work and wish them the best of luck as they begin this new chapter in their careers. I also thank former Assistant Superintendent Diana Holben for her service as well and wish her all the best in her retirement. RECOGNIZING MATT PHELAN  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a dedicated public servant in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. On July 3, Matt Phelan was officially sworn in as police chief of Tinicum Township by Magisterial District Judge Gary Gambardella. He had been serving as acting police chief since January, upon the appointment of James Sabath to chief of the Newtown Borough Police Department. The Tinicum Township Police Department hired Chief Phelan in 1998 at the age of 22, after he studied at Bloomsburg University and graduated at the top of his class from Temple Police Academy. His record of selflessness, courage, and professionalism speaks for itself. In 2015, thenSergeant Phelan prevented an armed home invasion suspect from fleeing the crime scene, risking his life in the pursuit of justice. We congratulate you, Chief Phelan, on this welldeserved appointment, and we are grateful for your service to our community, along with the entire Tinicum Police Department. 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S COMMENTS IN HELSINKI The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, viewing Monday’s display in Helsinki as a devastating manner is not exaggeration. It is not hyperbole. It is not exaggerating. Frankly, I think it is important for the Congress to adhere to its responsibilities in Article I, which indicates that all legislative powers herein are vested in this Congress. We must do our job on behalf of the American people. So let me read: ‘‘President Trump, you first. Just now, President Putin denied having anything to do with the election interference in 2016. Every U.S. intelligence agency has concluded that Russia did. My first question for you, sir, is: Who do you believe?’’ This is a reporter from the AP. ‘‘My second question is: Would you now, with the whole world watching, tell President Putin—would you denounce what happened in 2016, and would you warn him to never do it again?’’ The answer of the President of the United States: ‘‘So let me just say that we have two thoughts. You have groups that are wondering why the FBI never took the server. Why haven’t they taken the server? Why was the FBI told to leave the office of the Democratic National Committee? I’ve been wondering that. I’ve been asking that for months and months, and I’ve been tweeting it out and calling it out on social media. Where is the server? I want to know, where is the server, and what is the server saying? With that being said, all I can do is ask the question. ‘‘My people came to me. Dan Coats came to me, and some others, and they said they think it’s Russia. I have President Putin; he just said it’s not Russia. I will say this: I don’t see any reason why it would be. ‘‘But I really do want to see the server. But I have confidence in both parties. I really believe that this will probably go on for a while, but I don’t think it can go on without finding out what happened to the server.’’ b1030 He goes on to say: So I have great confidence in my intelligence people, but I will tell you that President Putin was extremely strong and powerful in his denial today. And what he did is an incredible offer. He offered to have his people working with our people. Thank you. 
In response, Senator J OHNMCCAIN, a POW, said these words: ‘‘Today’s press conferences in Helsinki was one of the most disgraceful performances by an American President in memory. The damage inflicted by President Trump’s naivete, egotism, false equivalence, and sympathy for autocrats is difficult to calculate. But it is clear that the summit in Helsinki was a tragic mistake.’’ ‘‘President Trump proved not only unable, but unwilling to stand up to Putin. He and Putin seem to be speaking from the same script, as the President made a conscious choice to defend a tyrant against the fair questions of a free press and to grant Putin an uncontested platform to spew propaganda and lies to the world.’’ Let me remind you that the question of the reporter was: My first question to you, sir, is, who do you believe, Mr. President? My second question is: Would you now, with the world watching, tell President Putin would you denounce what happened in 2016? It is clear that the Russians invaded and altered the election of 2016. It has been stated by our intelligence community, Director Coats, that at least they invaded and impacted and that they are doing it now. It is time for the Congress to ask or subpoena the translator’s notes. It is time for us to have a detailed relaying to the Congress, in a classified manner, what were the contents, what were the discussions, what were the agenda items, what was said in the meeting singularly by our President and President Putin. Then we must pass legislation for extreme sanctions on anyone 
that even thinks of interfering with the elections of 2018 and those who interfered with 2016. Finally, I believe it is important for a fullthroated apology of the White House to the intelligence community and the American people. I remind you that I do not stand here singularly by myself. I stand here standing on a constitutional democracy which is the United States of America. Article I powers of this Congress is that we must act. We cannot correct it with a typographical correction— wouldn’t over would. The reporter directly asked: Who do you believe? It was never answered that it was the American people in the intelligence community, Mr. Speaker. It was indicated that Mr. Putin gave a strong response of denial, and it was implied in that, that I believe Mr. Putin, and I am not going to answer the question to say that I believe my intelligence community. Therefore, I would indicate it is time for the Congress to act. 
SECURITY CLEARANCES FOR PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, this week’s stunning betrayal by President Trump, choosing Russian President Vladimir Putin over our own intelligence agencies, begs questions that we should never have to ask about an American President: What does Putin have on President Trump? Is he literally being blackmailed? Do we have a Manchurian candidate as our President? It is difficult to imagine any other explanation for Trump’s constant bowing and scraping at the feet of the Russian dictator or of his refusal to hold Putin accountable for his election interference, even after numerous indictments, including 12 Russian military officials, and even after the arrest of a Russian national who was caught trying to use the NRA as a tool to change U.S. policy toward Russia. And it is hard to find any other explanation for Trump’s constantly calling Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation a ‘‘witch hunt,’’ even after so many indictments and multiple guilty pleas. On Monday, our security interests of this country demanded that our President speak out and seek accountability from the foreign adversary who attacked it. But instead, the American people witnessed a Manchurian moment, exposing that President Trump is so deeply compromised on Russia that he is willing to alienate our European allies, to blame our country for the strains in the relationship with Russia, and to betray our intelligence and law enforcement communities by casting doubt on their conclusions and accepting Putin’s selfserving denials. And so the world wonders: What does Putin have over Trump? Now, it could be some compromising or embarrassing financial information, which would explain Trump’s refusal to release his tax returns. Now, let’s remember, candidate Donald Trump promised, if elected, promised unequivocally that he would publicly release his tax returns just like every other modern President. We are still waiting. But Trump’s position has evolved to an outright refusal, making him the only President in modern history to refuse to share this information with the American people. Now, it could also be his nefarious dealings with Russia that Trump wants to keep secret. Now, we know Trump and his family and his campaign had a web of contacts with Russia going back several years. The degree of collusion in the 2016 election is still unknown, but we know that, at the very least, they explored receiving illegal foreign election assistance, and we know that assistance was actually provided by Russia. Or it could be more straightforward blackmail. We know about the reports that Russia had compromising information on Trump that includes not just financial entanglements, but a sex tape. Now, I am confident that whatever President Trump is hiding, Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation will get to the bottom of it. And that is why I have joined my colleagues here on the floor to demand that the Mueller investigation be protected from political interference and that we let the special counsel’s office do its job. But we should also think about how we got into this surreal situation in the first place. How did a Presidential candidate with such potentially disqualifying baggage slide through the process without a way for voters to know about it? There is a clear public interest in ensuring that Presidential candidates are not deeply compromised or vulnerable to blackmail. And that is why today I introduce the Protecting Access to Classified Information in Elections Act. It is a new bill designed to protect the national security of our country by allowing Presidential candidates to voluntarily undergo a national security clearance investigation well before the election. Candidates who are granted a security clearance would have the option of publicly disclosing that fact on a website maintained by the director of national intelligence. Current law doesn’t work that way. Presidential candidates start getting classified briefings before they take office, but it is based on an informal grant of access by the sitting President, and voters may assume that candidates have security clearances, but they don’t actually have to get one and not all of them do. By providing an early security clearance process, candidates can provide a real assurance to the American people that there is nothing in their background, such as financial or personal vulnerabilities, that should prevent them from receiving our Nation’s top secret information. And if a candidate chooses not to seek that security clearance, voters can consider that fact, too, when they cast their vote. An early security clearance would also virtually rule out the possibility that a Presidential candidate is vulnerable to foreign coercion, compromise, or manipulation, because among the things scrutinized by background investigators are tax returns and financial dealings. Investigators would learn if an applicant has been accused of sexual misconduct. So, Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support to this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President of the United States. f 
A CALL TO ACTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. SHEAPORTER ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SHEAPORTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call this body to action. Two days ago, we watched, the world watched in horror in Finland as our President took Putin’s side instead of our intelligence community’s side. Our intelligence community told us, told him that Russia attacked our democracy and attacked our elections. For whatever reason, President Trump seems unable to clearly state that he agrees with intelligence. Just yesterday, when he said he misspoke, he then shifted and went back to it could be others. Why? We have to ask ourselves why. The Republican majority has been determined to do absolutely nothing in response when it is clear that there is much that we can and must do. Why? They have declined to pass additional legislation to serve as a deterrent to Russia and that would sanction Russia if they attacked our elections again. Why? Especially when we have been warned that Russia intends to interfere with our elections in just a few months. They have this whole Congress, but still Republicans have not passed any legislation to strengthen our election security system to mitigate this threat. Instead, congressional Republicans are trying to cut—this is unbelievable—trying to cut election security grants by hundreds of millions of dollars. Why? Don’t they at least want to protect us going into the future? They have blocked votes to force the President to release his tax returns so we can know whether his business deals are affecting his decisions in the office of the Presidency. Why? And, most importantly, they have consistently refused to vote to protect Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation. Why? Speaker RYANcontrols the floor. Republicans are the ones who put all of 
the legislation on the floor. They could do this now, but they refuse to, even though they have the power. Why won’t they? Why won’t they let us investigate? Why won’t they let us have a vote? America and the world is watching. They are wondering how long it will take for this Republican Congress to act. When will it be too much? We have heard some Republican heroes like JOHNMCCAINand others who have said this was the most horrific performance and that we must—must talk about this, and yet we don’t. Why? 
TIME TO REFLECT ON WHAT IT MEANS TO BE PATRIOTIC The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LEWIS) for 5 minutes. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I come to the House floor because today is the birthday of my friend, my partner in the fight for justice and equality, Nelson Mandela. During the height of the civil rights movement and the early days of the labor movement, you had to make a decision: Which side are you on? So, Mr. Speaker, on this day, of all days, I cannot, I will not stay silent when our Nation, our democracy, and the American people are under attack. We fought too hard and too long to stand on the sidelines when so much is at stake. When you see something that is not right, that is not just, you have to find a way to get in the way. You have to get in good trouble—necessary trouble. Now is the time to wake up. It is time to be brave, bold, and courageous. During the American Revolution, people suffered and died for the dream of democracy, for the sacred right to vote, and for the ability to choose their representatives. Hundreds and thousands of men and women lost their lives to preserve our union and to defend our values. What I saw on Monday was a shame, an embarrassment, and a disgrace to their legacy, their memory, and what they sacrificed. During times like these, I encourage every person to take some time and have what I call an executive session with themselves and their very souls. Because today, Mr. Speaker, each of us faces the question of what it means to be patriotic. Ask yourself, do you stand with the American people or do you stand with a dictator? Do you stand with democracy or do you stand with a czar? Do you stand with friends and allies or do you stand with someone who approves violent attacks on the media, human rights advocates, and struggling democracies? Mr. Speaker, the American House is on fire, it is burning, and if we are not mindful, if we are not watchful, this fire will consume us all. The United States Constitution began with the words: ‘‘We, the People.’’ You see, the Founding Fathers’ very first priority, the very first article was to outline the role and the responsibilities of the United States Congress in our system of checks and balances. b1045 The people who elected us are sounding the alarms. Never before has our constitutional mandate been more important. Never before have the pillars of our democracy been under attack. Mr. Speaker, each and every one of us swore an oath of office. Whether Democrat or Republican, we all have an equal mission, an obligation, and a mandate to uphold this promise. Mr. Speaker, the time has come, and the question is simple: Will you show up for duty? Congress must speak up, we must speak out, and, Mr. Speaker, we must act. If we fail to do so, history and the American voters will not be kind. The threat is occurring in realtime on our watch, and the ball is in our court. The clock is ticking, and there is no time to waste. 
PRESIDENT TRUMP AND RUSSIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. BROWN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, President Trump had a straightforward mission in Europe last week: stand with our NATO allies and stand up to Russia’s Putin. Instead, President Trump squandered U.S. influence and abdicated our leadership by abusing and dividing our allies and fawning over a tyrant who actively seeks to undermine our democracy. While Putin may not be dictating American policy, President Trump is seemingly pushing forward his agenda. Putin wants to restore Russia as a great global power at the expense of the United States. He wants to expand Russian influence over Europe by weakening NATO and the European Union. In Putin’s mind, when the United States and Europe flounder, Russia is stronger. If Putin was calling the shots, he would have encouraged President Trump to criticize NATO and raise doubts on whether we would defend our allies if they haven’t paid their bills. He would invite President Trump to undermine the European Union, our largest trading partner and investor, by lauding Brexit, denouncing trade, supporting antidemocratic populists, and undermining Germany and Chancellor Merkel. And that is exactly what happened. Rather than projecting unity, President Trump’s participation at the NATO summit generated nonstop images of division. Substantive issues received little or no attention. Putin is the biggest winner from any disunity in NATO. During the Cold War, American and NATO troops held the line in Europe, containing and defeating the Soviet Union. I served in Germany for 5 years at that time and witnessed firsthand how we won the Cold War. But we didn’t do it through military power alone. We won because NATO military strength helped create the space for democratic dissidents in Eastern Europe to come together and bring down Soviet rule from within. This was the success of America’s strategy—pursued by Presidents from Roosevelt to Kennedy, to Reagan—of advancing American values. For seven decades, the NATO alliance has ensured that America’s strength and influence are magnified around the globe. Our alliance has extended the promise of peace, security, and prosperity to much of the democratic world, and it has maintained the inviolable promise of collective defense. America needed its allies after we were attacked on 9/11, and our allies came through. They fought and died with us. And threats to our collective security have not vanished in the 21st century. These shared security challenges should have been at the top of President Trump’s agenda, but they weren’t. Since Putin’s annexation of Crimea, NATO has found renewed purpose and effectiveness, stepping up exercises and establishing the enhanced forward presence in Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, and Poland. Additional measures may be necessary to continue to confront Russian aggression. This includes Secretary Mattis’ 30–30 plan to establish the readiness of 30 land battalions, 30 air fighter squadrons, and 30 ships ready to deploy within 30 days of being put on alert; Poland’s proposal to bring more U.S. troops to the country and setting up a joint armored division with 15,000 American troops, and as many as 250 tanks and armored vehicles; and completion of the European missile shield by 2020. None of this was discussed. Contrary to President Trump’s declarations, NATO members have been increasing defense spending since 2014: almost $46 billion, the biggest buildup by U.S. allies in 25 years. NATO is also expanding its training mission in Afghanistan and launching a new one in Iraq, showcasing NATO’s ongoing commitment to the fight against terrorism. Yet President Trump chose to deride our most important allies. With as much passion as President Trump questions our European allies as freeloaders, his actions suggest a desire for a cozy relationship with Putin’s Russia. Russia is one of our most aggressive adversaries, working to rupture the relationship between the United States and our closest partners, weaken our influence in the Middle East, and pose an ongoing cyber threat. Other than elevating Putin and failing to mention Russia’s illegal annexation of Crimea, what good did President Trump accomplish during this summit? I have no answer as to why he, unlike any of his Republican or 
Democratic predecessors, is so unwilling to defend the interests of the United States and our allies against Russia. All that is clear is that, by embracing our adversaries and denigrating our allies, President Trump is inviting grave and historic consequences for the United States. Mr. Speaker, today, I simply call on President Trump to unequivocally affirm the United States’ commitment to our European allies and to condemn Russian aggression, meddling, and malign influence. 
THE STALWART REPUBLIC OF GEORGIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 10 years ago this August, Russian tanks rolled across the border into the independent nation of Georgia. After 5 days of bloody fighting, with thousands of innocent Georgians displaced from their homes, the conflict ended with the Russians promising to pull back its forces. I happened to be in Georgia 1 week after the Russian invasion and saw the tanks on the high ground and the destruction that the Russians made of Tbilisi. It is 10 years since that invasion and Moscow and its troops still occupy onethird of sovereign territory of the Republic of Georgia. The Kremlin claims these Russian troops are in Georgia as peacekeepers. Are you kidding me? It is an invasion. They are a heavily armed battle group waiting to provoke Georgia into another fight. They have committed horrific human rights abuses against the Georgian people, often harassing civilians and denying Georgians the ability to move about their country freely. The continued presence of Russian troops on Georgian soil presents a major violation of international law. America’s response at the time was to condemn and issue sanctions against the Russians, but the Obama administration removed the punishing sanctions against Russia as part of its foolish reset with the Kremlin. We now know this demonstration of weakness only encouraged further aggression from Russia, and it invaded a neighbor state in 2014. This time it seized and annexed Crimea from Ukraine, another independent sovereign state that Russia had sworn to respect. Then Russian tanks moved on and invaded eastern Ukraine and occupied part of that territory. After 10 years of illegal occupation of Georgian territory, we need to do more to help our Georgian friends resist the Russian bear. Following the collapse of the Soviet Union, Georgia emerged as the beacon of hope in the region and hope for democracy. Georgia’s faithful commitment to a strong democracy with free and fair elections serves as a shining example for other countries in Eastern Europe. Russia hoped to break this beacon of hope 10 years ago, but Georgia has remained defiant. As cochair of the Congressional Georgia Caucus, I have long seen that major vulnerabilities remain that Russia could exploit. Georgia is a small country. It cannot afford to compete with the might of the Russian bear. That is why I have introduced the Georgia Support Act along with my caucus cochair, Representative CONNOLLY from Virginia. Through this important bill, we hope to significantly enhance Georgia’s ability to combat and deter Putin’s wicked activities. With our assistance, America can provide Georgia specific advantages that can make any new attempt by Russia a costly endeavor. Also, with modern warfare extending to cyberspace, we can improve coordination to identify Russia’s cyber attacks and build safeguards within. This means building up Georgia’s ability to combat disinformation and propaganda from Russia. As we have seen, Moscow is all over the world trying to undermine democracies by invading their elections, including our own. Working with Georgian partners, we can show Russia has been caught. Additionally, this bill calls on President Trump to impose sanctions for serious human rights abuses in that occupied territory of Georgia. Not only will it help our Georgian friends on the front line of Russian aggression, but it sends a message to the Kremlin that America will and must stand up against that bad behavior and defend the international rule of law. Czar Putin must be shown that his dream of rebuilding the Russian empire is not going to happen. We must show our freedomloving friends around the globe that America will stand with them. The Georgian people have shown they will fight for freedom, even against overwhelming odds. While the Kremlin believes that it has prevented Georgia’s aspirations of joining the important organization of NATO by seizing territory, we can send a signal that that victory is hollow. Georgia is still on the path to greater integration with the West. Georgia must remain, with our help, free and prosperous. Russia will find itself isolated and full of regret for ever following Putin’s foolish ambition of aggression in the region. And that is just the way it is. 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF PRESIDENT NELSON MANDELA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ) for 5 minutes. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of South African President Nelson Mandela on what would have been his 100th birthday. President Mandela, or ‘‘Mandiba’’ as he was affectionately called, was a revolutionary and transformative leader, who forever changed the world through his steadfast dedication to freedom, equality, and human rights. After spending 27 years in prison, Nelson Mandela became the first Black South African to be elected President in what was also the first free, multiracial, democratic election in South African history. While President Mandela used his administration to dismantle apartheid, combat institutional racism, and begin the process of racial reconciliation in his country, his efforts also taught the world the power of one man having the fortitude to sacrifice his own ideals for a cause greater than himself. To me, Nelson Mandela is more than a worldrenowned hero. I had the distinct honor and privilege of calling him a friend. His leadership of the international antiapartheid movement encouraged me to take action here in the United States, where I served as the Los Angeles chair of the Free South Africa Movement, organized countless antiapartheid rallies in Los Angeles, led a sitin at the South African Consulate General’s office in Los Angeles, and was even arrested during a protest at the Embassy of South Africa in Washington, D.C. I was also a board member of and worked nationally with TransAfrica, one of the most prominent antiapartheid advocacy groups in the United States. As a member of the California State Assembly at that time, I fought for the passage of Assembly Bill 134, which forced California to divest $12 billion in State pension funds tied to the apartheid regime in South Africa. In 1990, I chaired the committee in Los Angeles that brought over 90,000 people together in the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum to welcome Nelson Mandela into the United States, and I also traveled with the official U.S. delegation to South Africa in 1994 to attend his inauguration as President of South Africa. In 1998, I was honored to welcome President Mandela to the United States once again, this time to receive the United States Congressional Gold Medal. In honor of his 95th birthday in 2013, I organized an event here in Washington, D.C., called the Celebration of the Life, Legacy and Values of Nelson R. Mandela in Emancipation Hall of the United States Capitol Visitor Center. The celebration was attended by my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus, leaders from both the United States House and Senate, and representatives of national and international civil rights and humanitarian groups. As we reflect on Nelson Mandela’s memory today, let us remember what he once said: ‘‘What counts in life is not the mere fact that we have lived. It is what difference we have made to the lives of others that will determine the significance of the life we lead.’’ Few embody this quote better than Nelson Mandela himself, and it is my 
sincere hope that my own career in public service can live up to his extraordinary example. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER Chaplain John L. Vernon, Jr., High Point Police Department, High Point, North Carolina, offered the following prayer: Heavenly Father, we stand in Your presence today, thankful for this great Nation we call home. I pray for each of these men and women who have been chosen to serve their fellow citizens in this vital task of governing. I pray also for those who serve alongside them as members of their staff, and all their families. I pray that today You will give these Members godly wisdom. Give them courage to do what is right in the best interest of our Nation and its people. Give them the humility that truly exemplifies servant leadership. May they each desire to do justice, love mercy, and walk humbly with You. I pray also for those who protect us: members of our military in various parts of the world and first responders all across our Nation. Protect them as they protect us. All these things I pray in Jesus’ name. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. BIGGS) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. BIGGS led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING CHAPLAIN JOHN L. VERNON, JR. The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUDD) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the House’s guest chaplain for the day, John Vernon, who comes to us from High Point, North Carolina. John is an ordained minister in the Wesleyan Church and currently serves as chairman of the board of directors of the Wesleyan Christian Academy. Beyond the Wesleyan Church, John also serves as lead chaplain for the High Point Police Department, where he has served faithfully for 18 years. Within the last year, John has taken on the role of lead chaplain for the High Point Fire Department. John and his wife, Kim, will celebrate 37 years of marriage together this year. They have two sons, Travis and Kyle, and two wonderful daughtersinlaw, Stephanie and Hillary. We are glad to have Kim, Kyle, and Hillary joining us in the gallery. Among John and Kim’s greatest joys in their lives is spending time with their three granddaughters, Sadie, Millie, and Nora. I want to thank Chaplain Vernon for his service and for opening the House in prayer this morning. We are honored and privileged that he and his family call High Point home. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the late, great President Nelson Mandela, whose 100th birthday we celebrate today. Like many of my colleagues, I was first inspired by Mr. Mandela in the early 1970s. I was arrested in Berkeley, California, protesting apartheid, when our brave brothers and sisters in the labor movement refused to unload ships from South Africa that arrived at Oakland’s port. I remember very vividly when the African National Congress was designated a terrorist organization by the United States Government. It was illegal to meet with the freedom fighters in the United States, but many of us did anyway in safe places around the world. I was so happy when we finally passed legislation, which I led, to lift President Mandela and the ANC off the terrorist watch list on his 90 birthday 10 years ago. As an election observer, I will never forget the lines of people waiting to vote for Nelson Mandela as the first Black President of South Africa. Madiba’s impact was not limited to South Africa. He sparked social justice movements that reached around the world and reminded us of the power of the vote. As President Obama noted yesterday, he said Madiba ‘‘came to embody the universal aspirations of dispossessed people all around the world, their hopes for a better life.’’ President Mandela taught us many lessons, lessons in reconciliation, perseverance, and public service. Above all, he taught us that the fight for justice was never finished. His legacy will live forever. 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE 2018 FARM BILL (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, soon, the House will vote to go to conference with the Senate on the 2018 farm bill. As vice chair of the House Agriculture Committee, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of moving this important process forward. As chairman of the Nutrition Subcommittee, I am proud of the provisions we have included to give many Americans the skills needed to obtain a familysustaining job and ultimate food security. Food insecurity exists for so many in America today, and the workforce and job training provisions in the bill represent a significant opportunity to help millions of Americans find employment. The Agriculture Committee has done its work. In fact, the Nutrition Subcommittee hosted 21 hearings on SNAP 
and heard from more than 80 witnesses on how we can improve the program and work toward the ultimate goal of ending hunger in America. Mr. Speaker, the House farm bill makes a historic investment in work programs so SNAP recipients have a chance to learn new skills and climb the rungs on the ladder of opportunity and escape poverty once and for all. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
HONORING WOODIE RUCKER HUGHES (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, a passionate educator, a changemaker, and a powerhouse of a woman, that is how the community of Riverside would describe my dear friend, Waudieur ‘‘Woodie’’ RuckerHughes. As a history teacher at John W. North High School and an administrator for the Riverside Unified School District, Woodie worked to demolish educational barriers and address the needs of all students. As an activist and leader for the Riverside branch of the NAACP, Woodie challenged injustice and moved our communities forward every single day. As a mother and a friend, she touched my life and the lives of many others with her kindness and her steadfast support and encouragement. Today, we remember Woodie, her legacy, and everything she stood for. I am going to leave you with Woodie’s motto: Good, better, best. Never let them rest until the good becomes better and the better becomes best. In honor of Woodie, let’s keep working to make this country, and the world, an even better place than she left it. 
CONGRATULATING CHRISTOPHER EVANS (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise today to honor Christopher Evans, a teacher at Basha High School in my district. Mr. Evans was one of 52 Americans who received the James Madison Fellowship, which is awarded to one distinguished educator from each State. This award recognizes exceptional teachers of American history and social studies seeking ‘‘to strengthen their knowledge of the origins and development of American constitutional government, and to expose our future leaders to the knowledge of the Nation’s constitutional heritage.’’ I congratulate Mr. Evans on this achievement, and I know he has a bright future in my home State of Arizona. DEFENDING U.S. INTERESTS (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Russia is not our friend; Russia is our adversary. We witnessed our President side with an autocrat and adversary of our country over his own intelligence community and blame the USA for our relationship with Russia. From separating families at the southern border to embracing Putin over the protection of U.S. interests, Mr. Trump has thrown out that values that our country is founded on. Putin may be Mr. Trump’s friend, but he is not America’s. Our President forgets that the U.S. interests go beyond his own personal interests and relationships. If Putin wants to return to the days with no pushback from the U.S., that is one thing. If our President wants to return to those days, rather than defend America and our allies, that is another. It shouldn’t matter whether you are a Republican or a Democrat. If the President of the United States won’t defend our interests before those of our adversaries, Congress must. f 
LOWYAL’S TRAFFICKING STORY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Lowyal was just like any other teenager across America. When she was 13 years of age and in school, daily bullying started. Then her relationship with her mother became worse. So she dropped out of school, took drugs, and eventually joined a gang. Eventually, her newfound ‘‘friends’’ introduced her to a ‘‘game’’ where she walked up and down the streets, under the constant watch of her owners. She was the victim of human trafficking, modernday slavery. These older men manipulated her youth and stole her innocence on the marketplace of sex slavery. My legislation, the Abolish Human Trafficking Act, will increase prosecutions for perpetrators like the slave traders who trafficked Lowyal and hold them accountable for their crimes of sex slavery. America must support victims of human traffickers and put their predators where they belong: in the jailhouse. We as a community must rescue victims from this scourge of slavery that is taking place in our country. And that is just the way it is. 
KEEPING THE PRESIDENT IN CHECK (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, this week, we witnessed the weakening of the Presidency due to the actions of this President. Now, I realize that President Trump is not constrained by customs, norms, or decorum, but his actions this week contravened his oath to preserve, protect, and defend the United States Constitution. Yes, this President likes to act tough with tweets and trash talk, but he has proven that he is unwilling to get tough with adversaries when he stands face to face. What is worse is that he is willing to sell out our intelligence agencies in order to suck up to the leader of a nation that has attacked us and continues to attack many democracies around the world. Hopefully, his actions will motivate this body, our Congress, to act. Let’s condemn these comments. Let’s protect the special counsel. Let’s protect the integrity of our elections. Let’s fully implement the Russian sanctions passed last year and pass even harsher ones, if Russia does this again. By doing anything, we can keep this President in check. When we do that, we restore the credibility of our Presidency. If we do that, we uphold the credibility of this Congress by fulfilling our oath to our democracy, so help us God. f 
INVASIVE ASIAN CARP (Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to raise awareness about the single greatest threat to Tennessee’s lake and river systems. Invasive Asian carp are destroying Tennessee’s native fisheries across the State. If ignored, these fish will decimate recreation, sporting, and tourism industries that rely on more than 60,000 miles of streams and rivers in my State. For years, the focal point for combating Asian carp has been in the North, particularly the Great Lakes. However, this continued threat has spread through the Southeast. It is time to recognize that this species is invading States like Tennessee, Kentucky, and Alabama. Congress needs to take action, or we are going to lose some of the most biologically diverse rivers and bass fishing in the country. Asian carp have the capacity to destroy the food systems of highly valued recreational and commercial fisheries, which generate $2 billion in economic impact annually in Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, this issue cannot be ignored, and I implore my colleagues to work with me to combat the invasion of Asian carp in Tennessee and throughout the Southeast. 
b1215 GOP = GOVERNMENT OF PUTIN (Mr. DOGGETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, Helsinki will be remembered as the place where GOP became shorthand for ‘‘Government of Putin.’’ Just as Trump surrenders to Vladimir Putin, these Helsinki congressional Republicans surrender to Trump. Trump’s own intelligence chief, former Senator, lifelong Republican Dan Coats, says ‘‘the warning lights are blinking red again’’ on Russian attacks. Yet Helsinki Republicans refuse to act, providing zero funding to the States to protect election integrity today. Their refusal to appropriate a dime for state defense against Russian interference really represents nothing less than unilateral disarmament. Enough excuses. Enough weakness. Instead of a President with no scruples and a congressional Republican majority with no spine, we need strong leadership, unafraid to protect our borders and unafraid to protect American families from the ongoing Russian aggression against our democracy. 
ACKNOWLEDGING LAMAR SMITH FOR HIS WORK ON THE DYSLEXIA CAUCUS (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the work of Chairman LAMAR SMITH of the Congressional Dyslexia Caucus. His work on this important issue has brought muchneeded attention in Congress to a learning disability affecting as many as one in five Americans. He championed the READ Act, which mandated that the National Institutes of Health direct specific funds towards dyslexia research. This law is deepening our understanding of dyslexia and providing additional tools for us to help those with this learning disability. Last week, I began serving as co chair of the Dyslexia Caucus, alongside Congresswoman JULIA BROWNLEY . It is my hope that we can work together to continue the impressive work of Chairman SMITH and effect positive change for those living with dyslexia. Individuals can overcome dyslexia and achieve greatness in their education and careers when they have the right tools and instruction. We will work hard in Congress to give them what is necessary to succeed. Mr. Speaker, I again thank Chairman SMITH for his leadership and lifetime of dedication. 
NO MORE PRESIDENTIAL WARS (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, Article I, section 8 of the Constitution gives Congress the exclusive authority to declare war, but the last time Congress officially declared war was December 8, 1941, the day the U.S. entered World War II. Ever since, Congress has failed to uphold their constitutional responsibility and has instead ceded power to the President. So we remain in a state of perpetual war, led by Presidents in both parties, at great cost to the American people, with no declaration of war by Congress and no input from the American people. The direct and indirect costs of these Presidential wars are astounding. They take a toll on our troops, our veterans, and on the American people. Since 9/11 alone, we have spent trillions of dollars on regimechange wars and nation building, while people in our community suffer and struggle because of a lack of resources here at home—not to mention the cost borne by our troops, those who pay the ultimate price as well as those who come home with wounds that are both visible and invisible. The American people deserve accountability. Mr. WALTER JONES and I have introduced bipartisan H. Res. 922 to make sure that Congress fulfills its constitutional role, ends Presidential wars, and has robust debate before making a decision to send our troops into battle. 
SYRIAN LAW 10 (Mr. SESSIONS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to the pressing issue that has the potential to exponentially worsen the humanitarian crisis in the wartorn country of Syria. I know I don’t need to remind this body or the American people of the dire circumstance that the Syrian people face as their country continues to be ripped apart by a known war criminal, their President, Bashar alAssad. While millions of Syrians have fled the country, seeking asylum and safety in neighboring countries, the majority of these refugees’ only hope is to one day return back to their home. However, the Syrian regime recently passed a law that will make that nearly impossible. Law 10, passed in April of this year, forces all Syrians, regardless of where they are currently residing, to register and provide proof of ownership of their private properties in Syria within 30 days, or else they will be forced to hand their properties over to the state of Syria. This amounts to a massive land grab by the corrupt Syrian regime that would essentially push out the nearly 13 million displaced Syrians and ensure that they never have a chance to return home. Mr. Speaker, it is my hope that this body will understand this and we will speak loudly. I urge my colleagues and this administration to take a serious and critical look at this law that would have farreaching implications for the United States and our allies who have offered these refugees temporary asylum in our nations and the disastrous consequences for the Syrian people for generations to come. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF NEYSA TONKS (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Neysa Tonks. Neysa attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Neysa was a single mother to her three kids: Kaden, Braxton, and Greysen. She worked at Technologent in Las Vegas and was known as being a fireball from the minute she woke up to the minute she went to bed. Neysa was spontaneous, adventurous, and full of life. She loved waterskiing, ziplining, hiking, jumping off waterfalls, and traveling. She had even competed in a Tough Mudder with very little training. Despite her many adventures, she would always save time in the winter to carry out her tradition of packing hundreds of backpacks with supplies and delivering them to the less fortunate with her sons. Neysa was compassionate and had plans to retire early so she could spend more time with her boys. Neysa enjoyed going to concerts, laughing, and trying new things. Neysa is remembered as always being the life of the party. I would like to extend my condolences to Neysa Tonks’ family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieves with you. 
NATIONAL PARKS AND RECREATION MONTH (Mr. COSTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to speak about our national parks and our parks and recreational opportunities. I grew up in California’s San Joaquin Valley, where we are blessed with some of the Nation’s most beautiful lands. Like many, I spent my youth exploring local Fresno recreational areas and the California State parks. My family and I, many times, visited Kings Canyon National Park and one of the crown jewels of all national parks, Yosemite Valley, seen in this striking photograph. Wallace Stegner, famous writer, historian, and environmentalist, once said: ‘‘Our national parks are the best idea we ever had. Absolutely American, absolutely democratic, they reflect us at our best rather than our worst.’’ 
July is Parks and Recreation Month, and I urge everyone across this great country to visit our parks and recreational areas. It is great for our families and for all of us. Share in something that reflects America at our best. Let us also remember that wildfires are a regular threat to our parks during this season. Fires are, sadly, burning as we speak today near Yosemite National Park and throughout the West. Our thoughts and prayers are with those brave men and women fighting those fires, and their families, while protecting some of America’s most precious resources. 
RUSSIAN ENERGY INTERESTS IN EUROPE (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, control of energy equals national security. I rise to warn how Russia, through hybrid warfare, seeks to destabilize and divide our closest European allies through control of their energy supply. As Americans well know, whoever controls the energy spigot controls the function of a nation. Russia uses its growing dominance of energy in Europe as its primary pressure point to destabilize the West and our allies. That is why I was floored that President Trump inserted himself so haphazardly into Europe’s energy debate. Nord Stream II poses new, troubling dependency threats by Russia on Europe’s energy security and boosts undemocratic Russia’s claw hold on the European continent. Russia is weaponizing energy in countries across Europe, including Germany and Ukraine, creating a dangerous new dependency by those recipient nations. The fight for Ukraine’s liberty depends on its energy independence in the future, and the free world must help Europe and Ukraine reduce their economic reliance on Russian gas. Risking alienation of nations that share freedom’s values is counterproductive and aids and abets our enemies. Mr. Speaker, I will include in the RECORD President Trump’s and President Putin’s comments on this topic. 
SPENDING BILL WILL DAMAGE OUR ENVIRONMENT (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, later today the House will vote on a spending bill for the Department of the Interior. This bill is a travesty that will do enormous damage to our environment. It cuts critical funding that keeps our air clean and our water safe. This bill eliminates $100 million in funding from the Environmental Protection Agency, $65 million from the Land and Water Conservation Fund, and $150 million from both the Clean Water State Revolving Fund and the Safe Drinking Water State Revolving Fund. It will make it more difficult to protect some bodies of water from pollution and endangered species from extinction. Perhaps most troubling of all, it actually eliminates protections that help keep lead out of our water. A vote for this bill is a vote to make our air more dangerous to breathe and our water less safe to drink. It is a reckless bill that should be opposed by all Members of this body. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and to oppose this and to protect the quality of our air, our water, and our environment. Our constituents are depending upon us. f 
CONGRESS TO ELIMINATE FUNDING FOR THE ELECTION ASSISTANCE COMMISSION (Mr. ELLISON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I, along with so many Americans, looked on with great shock as we saw the President capitulate to Vladimir Putin. It was truly a stunning and worrisome moment for me. In fact, in that European trip, the President insulted our allies and then openly embraced a man who attacked our democracy, invaded and annexed other countries, and authorized lethal attacks on his political enemies and other countries. Yet the President still embraced him. It is a moment of alarm for the whole Nation, but it is important to note that there is something we can do about it, as the President has also urged the U.S. Congress to eliminate funding for the Election Assistance Commission. This is very serious because we know that Russia assisted in the hacking and attack of over 21 States’ election systems. The President may not be concerned, but Congress ought to be. Unfortunately, today we expect to have a vote in which we are voting on a bill that eliminates the funding of the Election Assistance Commission. This should be rejected, as we should reject the President’s failure to stand up for our values. 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S LATEST TWEETS (Mr. GARAMENDI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, well, the latest tweets from the President: ‘‘So many people at the higher ends of intelligence loved my press conference performance in Helsinki.’’ Obviously, he is referring to Putin, because there are not many people in the United States who saw that press conference as a success. In fact, it was an unmitigated disaster. Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats said, ‘‘The red lights are blinking.’’ Our election process, our critical infrastructure, is being attacked by Russia, and what is the House of Representatives doing today? Eliminating funding to protect our election process. Obviously, those who vote for this reduction in funding are not at the higher levels of intelligence. f 
OUR RESPONSIBILITY TO DEFEND AMERICAN CONSTITUTIONAL DEMOCRACY (Mr. RASKIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, earlier this week, the President put the ‘‘hel’’ and the ‘‘sink’’ back in ‘‘Helsinki’’ because our Republic is sinking under the weight of his radical actions in capitulating to Vladimir Putin in the eyes of the world. Now, some of my colleagues have called this appeasement. I want to correct that. Appeasement is a misguided policy where you give concessions in order to try to make peace and stability with a dangerous, aggressive foreign power. This was not appeasement. This was simple surrender. The President wasn’t trying to make peace with a hostile power. He was trying to capitulate and have us go over to the other side of the hostile power. The President has sided with authoritarianism, with every kleptocrat, dictator, despot, and tyrant on the planet Earth today. We the people of the United States and we in Congress have a responsibility now to defend American constitutional democracy. We must invest in our elections and fortify our elections so we can begin to restore the principles we have lost under the terrible leadership of Donald Trump. 
b1230 COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 18, 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Clerk received the following message from the Secretary of the Senate on July 18, 2018, at 11:28 a.m.: That the Senate passed without an amendment H.R. 6042. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H. CON. RES. 119, EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT A CARBON TAX WOULD BE DETRIMENTAL TO THE UNITED STATES ECONOMY Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 1001 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 1001 Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 119) expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy. All points of order against consideration of the concurrent resolution are waived. The concurrent resolution shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the concurrent resolution are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the concurrent resolution and preamble to adoption without intervening motion or demand for division of the question except one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Washington is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Washington? There was no objection. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule, House Resolution 1001, providing for further consideration of the concurrent resolution, H. Con. Res. 119, expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy. The rule provides for consideration of the concurrent resolution under a closed rule. Mr. Speaker, my district in central Washington demonstrates the strength in utilizing a diverse portfolio of energy sources, while also working on the forefront of energy innovation in clean energy solutions for the future. From the mighty Grand Coulee Dam, which is the largest hydroelectric power producer in the United States, to the Chief Joseph Dam, to the series of lower Snake and lower Columbia River dams, our region is undoubtedly blessed with lowcost, clean, reliable, and renewable hydropower. In fact, hydropower provides our State with almost 70 percent of our energy needs. Improvements made to this technology to improve the efficiency, the safety, and the productivity of hydro demonstrate the importance of constantly improving our energy technologies. Now, while we do rely heavily on hydropower, Washington also utilizes an array of other energy sources, both produced and imported, including oil, natural gas, coal, and a number of renewable energy sources such as wind and solar. My district is also blessed with the only nuclear generating station in the Pacific Northwest, and that is the Columbia Generating Station, which is operated by Energy Northwest. Columbia produces 10 percent of the electricity generated in Washington and is a reliable, clean energy producer not dependent on weather conditions like some renewables are. Mr. Speaker, my colleagues, while I am sure you are fascinated by this brief rundown of Washington State’s source of energy, you may be wondering why I am speaking about such matters with the resolution before us today. The resolution says, quite simply, that it is the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy—a simple statement. And while I could be spending my time listening to many ways a harmful tax would harm our economy and the American people, I thought I would also offer a demonstration of the many resources we have at our disposal for strengthening America’s energy dominance. Many of my colleagues, much like myself, support what we can call an ‘‘all of the above’’ energy approach. We believe government should not be picking winners and losers and should not be placing the thumb on the economic freemarket scale. A carbon tax would be exactly that, a devastating hammer to what is currently an economy on the rise. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the resolution offered by the majority whip, Representative STEVE SCALISE from the great State of Louisiana, to oppose a carbon tax carbon tax as a solution to address carbon emissions and climate change, because, quite frankly, Mr. Speaker, it simply is not a solution. However, that is not to say that I oppose reducing carbon emissions. My constituents and the people of the great Pacific Northwest most certainly want a clean, healthy environment, and we should be doing everything we can to limit emissions. But a burdensome new tax that would fundamentally bring our innovative energy sector and growing economy to a standstill is not the answer. Further, a carbon tax fails to recognize the diversity of our Nation and the different energy resources that exist in the United States. Quite frankly, the resources that exist in the State of Washington certainly may not be present in the State of North Dakota or Louisiana or Massachusetts. We should be making clean energy more affordable, not making traditional energy sources more expensive. We should be cutting burdensome regulations that constrain the development and deployment of energy, whether it be nuclear, fossil fuels, or hydropower. These regulatory burdens should be removed and reformed to spur clean energy innovation with the power of markets, not within the hands of government bureaucrats. Mr. Speaker, we, in central Washington, have another prize gem in our backyard. I am proud to represent the people that work at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory. This premier Department of Energy lab is on the forefront of energy innovation. From enabling safe and sustainable fossil fuel exploration production, transportation, conversion, and end use, to transforming the U.S. power grid to meet economic, environmental, and security priorities for the 21st century, our national labs like PNNL delivers distinctive science and technology solutions for efficient and sustainable energy. I am a proud member of the House Appropriations Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Subcommittee where we continue to prioritize strategic energy research and development that will increase U.S. economic growth, innovation, and competitiveness. Congress should continue to work on utilizing and empowering publicprivate partnerships to rapidly develop new technologies and then let the market catalyze its growth and commercial liability. There are great examples of these efforts taking place in the innovative hightech communities of the TriCities, Washington, where experts from the private sector are partnering with research and support offered by PNNL to develop gridscale storage solutions and small modular reactor technologies, fundamentally transforming the future of nuclear power generation and battery storage technologies. Mr. Speaker, my constituents want energy security and want a clean environment. They want economic growth, job creation, and they want to keep their lowcost electricity. The way to a cleaner, more prosperous future for our Nation’s energy needs is not through more government bureaucracy. It is through empowering American innovation. That is why a carbon tax is wrong for my district in central Washington State. It is wrong for the entire State of Washington, and it is wrong for the United States of America. We need to innovate, rather than regulate the future of America’s energy dominance. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ), for yielding me the customary 30 minutes for debate. Mr. Speaker, we are here today to debate a Republican sense of Congress resolution proclaiming that a carbon tax would be bad for the U.S. economy. That is it. That is how this majority is choosing to spend its precious legislative time. I mean, this is a big nothing burger. Instead of considering legislation to address the administration’s horrific child separation policy at the border or addressing the surging cost of prescription drugs or taking action to address gun safety, or finally, finally holding Russia accountable for their interference in the 2016 election, something the President himself has trouble acknowledging, we are here considering a sense of Congress stating that a carbon tax would be bad for America. You know, I don’t know how many of my Republican colleagues are scientists, but you might want to meet some and talk to some of them. They are smart people. They deal in facts. They deal in evidence. They deal in results. Look, Mr. Speaker, as any third grader knows, the Earth revolves around the Sun, and if I drop a pen, it will fall to the table because of gravity. We know that smoking causes cancer, and we know that the Earth is not flat. We also know that climate change is real and that 97 percent of climate scientists agree that humans are the main cause. But Republicans are burying their heads in the sand with this glorified press release attacking a potential tool to combat it. But even worse than what we are doing is what the Republican majority is blocking from consideration. This week they blocked an amendment that would have provided much needed funding to the Election Assistance Commission to protect our elections from further Russian interference. This is outrageous. Just days after President Trump sided with Putin over our own intelligence community, Republicans blocked funding to protect our elections. Essentially, the President sold out America in Helsinki. So Republicans want to vote on a sense of Congress, let’s consider the resolution reiterating Speaker RYAN’s statement in response to the President’s terrible performance in Helsinki. It acknowledges Russia’s role in interfering in our election, and it affirms our support for the intelligence community. But, of course, the majority has blocked that resolution. Instead, we are now debating our 92nd closed rule this Congress. This is the most closed Congress in history, with zero open rules. And for those in the gallery, the reason why this is important is because the majority of bills that have come to this floor have come in a way that nobody can amend them. Nobody can change even a word in the bill. I mean, this is supposed to be the people’s House, not the Russia house. Mr. Speaker, this, what we are doing today, is a waste of time. We have real issues to address—substantive issues to address. The American people deserve more than show votes that throw red meat to the oil lobby. I would say to my Republican colleagues: Do your job. Listen to the American people. Start addressing some of their concerns, like the fact that we need to protect our election system from more Russian interference. That is a serious matter. All of our intelligence agencies have said it is a serious matter, that it happened. b1245 And what is your response? You zero out money in an appropriations bill to help protect our election system. Then you block an amendment that would allow us to put the money back in. All we want is a fair fight. If you want to vote ‘‘no’’ on it, vote ‘‘no’’ on it. But the American people are concerned, even if you are not. Do your job. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from referring to occupants in the gallery and are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, my friends on the other side seem to be focused on closed versus open rules. We hear that time and time again. They are ignoring that the structured amendment process has routinely been used by both parties when they were in the majority. This majority has made it a priority to make in order amendments for floor consideration, which, I might point out, a majority of those amendments have been Democraticsponsored or cosponsored. In fact, as of July 12 of this year, Republicans in this Congress, the 115th Congress, provided for the consideration of more than 1,650 amendments on the House floor: 745 of those were Democrat amendments; 630 were Republican amendments; and 280 were, proudly, bipartisan amendments, Mr. Speaker. So by no means are we stopping the process. That doesn’t even count the thousands and thousands of submissions that Members make, both Republican and Democrat, to committees for consideration. Mr. Speaker, I take exception to the fact that this is a totally closed process. It is open for participation by every Member of the House who represents constituents across this country. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR). Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 119, expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to American families and businesses and is not in the best interest of the United States. Mr. Speaker, my colleague and friend from Massachusetts just said that we need to be addressing real concerns. Well, I respectfully submit, Mr. Speaker, that the loss of paychecks of tens of thousands of Kentuckians over the last decade, as a result of a war on fossil energy, is a major concern. Maybe not in Massachusetts, but men and women who have lost paychecks, whose lives have been devastated by overregulation, that is a real concern, Mr. Speaker. This Congress, fortunately, in cooperation with this administration, is now leading our country back, not just toward energy independence, but energy dominance and strong economic growth, and, finally, jobs as a priority, and energy security, by rolling back onerous regulations that have harmed livelihoods and threatened our grid resiliency. Mr. Speaker, implementing a carbon tax would not only harm these efforts, but it would result in massive job losses, lead to higher prices for families and businesses, and jeopardize our energy security. My home State of Kentucky relies heavily on fossil fuels, as our coal resources provide our State thousands of jobs and deliver more than 83 percent of our electricity. This allows Kentuckians to enjoy some of the lowest average electricity rates in the Nation. A carbon tax, Mr. Speaker, would be an attack on the poor. It would be an attack on people who cannot afford high electricity bills. The implementation of a carbon tax would be detrimental not only to Kentucky’s economy, but to the progress of our Nation, and the progress we are making toward energy resilience and freedom. Instead of increasing government mandates and regulations on industries, and picking winners and losers, we should look for new, innovative ways to promote air quality and address environmental concerns. The best way to do that is not through central planning from Washington. It is to unleash free enterprises to encourage innovation and to harness the carbon cycle. Mr. Speaker, I am not a climate denier. I am not a science denier. I am a climate thinker. I am a science thinker. Real science is not just about assessing cost only. It is about looking at benefits as well. Those supporting a carbon tax look only at costs, but not benefits, of coal and other fossil energy. Coal provides cheap, plentiful, reliable energy over the long term. We should not want the most carbonfree energy. We should want the best energy. We should want the most reliable energy. We should want the most effective energy, energy that best facilitates human life, human flourishing, and human progress. And that is what fossil energy is. Government mandates and central planning, like a carbon tax, add costs to private sector innovation, resulting in poor air quality and more, not less, global pollution. 
Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, the goal should not be green energy. The goal should be the advancement of the human condition. Mr. Speaker, I support H. Con. Res. 119, and I thank Representative SCALISE, our whip, for his efforts on this important issue. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I tried to get the gentleman from Kentucky to yield, but I guess he didn’t want to get into an exchange. But he said that he is worried about Kentucky jobs. There is nothing in this bill that will protect one job anywhere. We are not debating a carbon tax. This is a sense of Congress. This is a press release. This is not going to protect anybody’s paycheck. This is ridiculous. Are you going to go home to your constituents and say, ‘‘Oh, I did something for you. I passed a press release’’? I mean, give me a break. The gentleman talks about the poor. If he is worried about the poor, then stop cutting Medicaid. If he is worried about the poor, stop cutting food assistance from people struggling in poverty, because that is what the Republican majority has been doing consistently in this Congress. So I don’t need any lectures about that. To the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ), my colleague, let me again say, because I think people need to have this sink in, this is the most closed Congress in the history of our country: 92 closed rules. That means that the majority of bills—I want my Republican colleagues to listen to this as well—the majority of bills have come to the floor where nobody, even Republicans, are allowed to offer any amendments—nothing. Is this the people’s House? Is this what you came to Washington to do, to shut out debate, to shut out good ideas? It is a disgrace. My hope is that the people of this country are watching and that they will send you a message in November. Mr. Speaker, I am going to ask my colleagues to defeat the previous question. If we do, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 12, the Voter Empowerment Act, introduced by my colleague, Representative JOHNLEWIS, which would ensure equal access to the ballot, modernize the voter registration system, and take steps to eliminate deceptive practices that deter voters from casting their ballots. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LEWIS), to discuss that proposal. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to oppose this rule and to support the previous question. In a democracy, the right to vote is the most powerful nonviolent tool we have. Many people marched and protested for the right to vote. Some gave a little blood, and others lost their lives. Some of you have heard me say that the right to vote is precious, almost sacred. In my heart of hearts, I believe that we should make it simple and convenient for all of our citizens to be part of the democratic process. It should not matter whether you are Black or White, Latino, AsianAmerican, or Native American. We should be able to participate in the democratic process. On March 7, 1965, I gave a little blood on the Edmund Pettus Bridge for the right to vote. Before the Voting Rights Act in 1965 was passed, some people had to count the number of bubbles in a bar of soap or the number of jelly beans in a jar. All across America today, when people go out to attempt to vote, they stand in long, immovable lines. That is not right, that is not fair, and it is not just. We can do better, and we must do better. We have a moral obligation, a mission, and a mandate to empower all of the American people, not just a select few. We must do what is right, what is fair, and what is just. Today, our democracy is under attack, by forces within and forces abroad. We need to fix it and fix it now. For these reasons, I am proud to sponsor H.R. 12, the Voter Empowerment Act, with my friends and my colleagues. It is a good bill, a necessary bill, and a patriotic bill to protect and to preserve our voting system. Mr. Speaker, I urge each and every one of my colleagues to support the previous question. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ), my good friend. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleagues, as you have heard just a moment ago, in support of H. Con. Res. 119, which sends a strong message that a carbon tax would be devastating to the economy of the United States, and especially to my district in West Virginia. I am so proud to cosponsor this resolution, along with the leadership of Majority Whip SCALISE , and thank him for his strong and powerful work on this important issue. West Virginia is a coal State, unapologetic. Our coal miners and coal communities suffered greatly under the prior administration of Barack Obama and that administration’s anticoal policies. But now, thanks to President Trump, West Virginia has hope for a better future. West Virginia is the second largest producer of coal in the country. Between January and March of this year, mines in southern West Virginia produced more than 12 million short tons of coal, a signal that the President’s policies are having a positive impact on the people of my State. When miners are put to work in West Virginia, the State’s economy flourishes. Check this out: West Virginia’s 2017 gross domestic product growth rate was one of the highest rates in the entire country. What a game changer for West Virginia. It shows that the President’s economic policies are working for everyday Americans. A carbon tax would undo many of these good economic results and would increase expenses for everyday Americans, including increasing power rates and the cost of groceries. A carbon tax is a bad idea. Wages could fall as much as 8.5 percent for American workers, and our manufacturers could see production halted by as much as 15 percent, stifling our economic recovery. Simply put, a carbon tax is an attack on the welfare of all Americans, especially on seniors and families on fixed incomes. A vote in support of this rule and resolution is a vote supporting the hardworking men and women of West Virginia and America who make this country great. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this week, Republicans have brought to the floor a bill that zeros out funding for a grant program to the Election Assistance Commission to help States and local governments secure our elections. Now, a news flash, Mr. Speaker—I hope my Republican friends are listening—Russia was just caught meddling in our election. In fact, meddling is not strong enough. They attacked our country. When we discovered this, Mr. QUIGLEY offered an amendment to restore this critical funding, and it was blocked in the Rules Committee. My friends in the Rules Committee won’t even let us vote on it. People may ask why, why can’t we have a vote on putting money back in to secure our election system. Well, the reason why, I think, is because we might win and that Democrats—and there are probably a lot of Republicans—would join with us in supporting the amendment. b1300 They denied it because it makes sense. It is common sense. We should be funding this program and, instead, we are debating a press release that my friends on the other side are so passionate about, that will do nothing for anybody. It is just a press release. We are not debating a carbon tax. We are debating a press release. We ought to be protecting our election system. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ) for 
the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, standing under the revered E Pluribus Unum, I ardently plea for unanimous consent to amend the rules to make in order the Quigley amendment to restore desperately needed funds to prevent the pernicious and nefarious Russian interference in our elections. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky). The Chair would advise that all time has been yielded for the purpose of debate only. Does the gentleman from Washington yield for purposes of this unanimous consent request? Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I will reiterate my earlier announcement that all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only, and I will not yield for any other purpose. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Washington does not yield; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to make in order the Quigley amendment to restore funds indispensable to prevent Russian interference in American elections in 2018. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Washington has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Point of parliamentary inquiry, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Rhode Island will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, does the vote on the matter pending before us include restoration of funding to protect our elections from Russian interference? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will not interpret the pending measure. Mr. CICILLINE. I am sorry, Mr. Speaker? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will not interpret the pending measure. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I am now proud to yield to the gentleman from my home State of Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to amend the rule and make in order the Quigley amendment to restore funds to prevent Russia from, again, interfering in our elections. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Washington has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to amend the rule to make in order the Quigley amendment to restore funds to help our States secure their vulnerable election systems. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Washington has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to amend the rule to make in order the Quigley amendment to restore funds to prevent Russian interference in our elections. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Washington has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to amend the rule to make in order the Quigley amendment to restore funds to prevent Russian interference in our elections. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Washington has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to amend the rule in order that the Quigley amendment restore funds to prevent Russian interference in our elections. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Washington has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LOFGREN ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to amend the rule to make in order the Quigley amendment to prevent the Russians from interfering in American elections. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Washington has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GONZALEZ ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to amend the rule to make in order the Quigley amendment to restore funds to prevent Russian interference in our elections. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Washington has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to amend the rule to make in order the Quigley amendment to restore funds to prevent Russian interference in our elections. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Washington has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to amend the rule in order to make the Quigley amendment in order to restore urgently needed funds to prevent Russian interference in our upcoming elections. And I would just ask the gentleman from Washington if he would yield for purposes of considering this unanimous consent amendment so that we can, together, Democrats and Republicans, work together to protect the integrity of our elections. Restore funding so we can look our voters in the face and say, ‘‘Your vote counted. We are going to protect it from Russian interference.’’ I am imploring my friend on the other side of the aisle to permit this unanimous consent question so we can restore this urgent funding. This shouldn’t be a Republican or a Democratic issue. It is an American issue. This is the integrity of our democracy. Will the gentleman yield to a unanimous consent request? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Washington—— Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleague be permitted to answer the question. I have asked him will he yield. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will be in order. Mr. CICILLINE. I have asked the gentleman from Washington: Will he yield? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman is not in order and is no longer recognized. Mr. CICILLINE. * * *. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair understands that the gentleman from Washington has not yielded for that purpose; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. As the Chair advised on January 15, 2014, and March 26, 2014, even though a unanimous consent request is not entertained, embellishments accompanying such requests constitute debate and will become an imposition on the time of the Member who yielded for that purpose. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I don’t know what the hell else we can do over 
here. I mean, I appreciate the fact that the gentleman from Washington only wants to yield for debate only, but how about yielding so that we can act? I mean, I think the American people want us to do something. I mean, what happened in the 2016 election, what Russia did to our country, was a serious matter. And I am going to tell you, it is not just Democrats that are concerned. I know Republicans and Independents are concerned as well. This is an American issue, and when our Nation is attacked, we come together. We put partisanship aside. We act. We just don’t talk. We act. We have been trying, using every procedural means we know. We have been appealing in the Rules Committee. We have been trying to bring these issues to the floor, and we get shut down every single time. This is unbelievable. I mean, history is going to look back on the inaction of this Congress with great shame. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, getting back to the resolution at hand about moving away from regressive taxes and topdown, Big Government regulation, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ), the chairman of the Rules Committee. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, the facts of the case tend to find themselves to the surface at some point or another, and, in fact, there was a vigorous debate at the Rules Committee last night, yesterday. There was a vigorous debate, and I do recognize that my Democratic colleagues simply lost the vote. It did not stop the debate, however, because an amendment was brought forward that each member of the Democratic Party voted for it at the Rules Committee. And under testimony that was given last night, it would be a counter play for the Democratic Party. When Republicans said we should not have a carbon tax, my Democratic colleagues came to the Rules Committee and argued they would be for a bill that would raise hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes that would be placed on energy in this country, hundreds of billions of dollars, at minimum. That is what they stood for. So the policy behind what we are talking about here is, we said we believe that America should have a robust energy policy that is not taxed, that harms the American people. We should have a system of not just economics, but of energy policy that would also include green energy; would also include nuclear energy, which I consider pretty clean since it is a non emitting source; that we would also allow the marketplace to have natural gas and something which they vigorously want to defend, and that is, home heating fuel, which is diesel fuel to be dumped by the billions of gallons in the Northeast. Mr. Speaker, what we talked about yesterday also included the discussion about the Election Commission. In fiscal year 2018, funding provided $380 million across the country for the Election Assistance Commission, which was a final payment that was made in 2002, of $3.65 billion, because, you see, way back in 2002, just before that, there was an election that many people thought the outcome was wrong; so Republicans agreed we would put $3.65 billion available for States to buy what they would choose for brand new voting machines to ensure the assistance was given from the Federal Government to States for the security of the voting public. Of the 2018 funds this year, only weeks before the election, 39 percent of those dollars are still available. Thirtynine percent has not even been asked for this year, and 19 States have yet to even ask for any application to be able to go in and update or change their system. The House Administration and the Homeland Security Committees are working diligently with law enforcement to find out what, if any, difficulty there was in the balloting process. I have no doubt—none, no doubt— that there was interference in this last campaign election by outside forces, maybe even Russians. And it might not have just been Russians. It might have been a number of people. Special Counsel Robert Mueller said we were duped; the American people were duped. We did not recognize the interference. But I don’t know whether it was at the ballot box or getting people to the ballot box, their will or desire to vote, or how they would vote. I am not sure we know that yet. But the special counsel is going to let us know that. So, as we were talking about funding for 2018, 2019, Mr. Speaker, at this time there is no request for even 40 percent of the funds that we have. It is at the end of $3.65 billion. The States have had this fund available. So we think that the facts of the case, as we give them today, should be enough evidence, not only to you, Mr. Speaker, but for the American people that there is not at this time a request necessary for more money. b1315 I will cease my discussion now, Mr. Speaker, but will tell you that the resolution that is directly in front of us says we should not tax the middle class of this country, we should not tax further disabled people or the community of elderly people who have enjoyed the price of fuel going down because of what the Republican policy initiatives have enabled us to achieve. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, sometimes I can’t believe what is said on this House floor. Mr. Speaker, I would say to my friend, the distinguished chair of the Rules Committee, if he is so sure of his arguments on this issue, then bring the amendment to the floor, present your case, and let the majority of this House determine what we should do. I guarantee you the majority of this House would vote to provide the money to the States and to local communities, because they are hearing from their constituencies about how concerned they are about potential Russian meddling in our election. They are doubly concerned after the President’s horrific performance in Helsinki where he seemed to go out of his way to cozy up to Putin. So people are concerned. So the vote that we lost in the Rules Committee was not to enact this amendment, the Quigley amendment, to put the money back in so that the grants could go to States and local communities, the vote we lost—people need to understand this: the vote we lost was to have the ability to debate it and vote on it. This is the United States House of Representatives. That is what we are supposed to do. Stop the obstructionism, especially on an issue like this. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ). Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I want to ask Mr. MCGOVERN a question so we can get some clarity on where we are right now. As I understand it, one position is that the State election systems are fine, they don’t need any infusion of Federal help. And then there is another position, which you are advancing, which is that we need to put in hundreds of millions of dollars in order to secure the elections to prevent a repeat of the cyber sabotage and the cyber invasion that we experienced in 2016. And yet we are not getting a chance to vote on that. Is that right? Mr. MCGOVERN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. RASKIN. I yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. MCGOVERN. That is correct, we cannot vote on that. Mr. RASKIN. Well, why can we not vote on that? The American people are demanding that we defend our elections against foreign attack. Why can we not even vote on that in the House of Representatives? Mr. MCGOVERN. If the gentleman will continue to yield, when I offered the Quigley amendment, which would have allowed us to have this vote, all the Republicans voted ‘‘no.’’ Mr. RASKIN. I just saw dozens of our colleagues ask unanimous consent that they reconsider that position so the American people can have a hearing on whether or not we are going to have real elections in 2018. Have you been able to discuss it with the other side about whether they would be willing to entertain another unanimous consent motion so we can actually have a debate on this? Mr. MCGOVERN. We can try one more time. We have been trying and 
trying and trying, but they are insistent on blocking this amendment from even being considered. Mr. RASKIN. I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this, but this is a point of national emergency right now. This is our democracy, this is our Constitution that is at stake. And as I understand it, every State of the Union wants election infusion funding coming from the Federal Government and needs it in order to fortify against cyber attack. In my State, in Maryland, we just were able to determine that a private vendor that is one of the lead contractors in our election system has Russian ties and is being controlled by someone very close to Vladimir Putin. So we need an infusion of Federal help to fortify our election. So please continue and do whatever you can with the Republicans just to allow us a vote on the floor. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman’s comments. What this House needs is a little democracy. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we have no further speakers on this side of the aisle, but before I reserve my time, I just want to remind my good friends on the other side of the aisle that my colleague and good friend from Illinois, Mr. QUIGLEY , did offer this amendment in the Appropriations Committee just last week. We did spend a great deal of time debating and discussing this idea. As the good chairman from the Rules Committee said, and I will repeat, of the funds that were appropriated, there were $380 million appropriated for the Election Assistance Commission, which was the last of the final payment of the $3.65 billion originally authorized under the Help America Vote Act of 2002. Of these 2018 funds, there are still 39 percent of these dollars available to the States. There is no crisis. The money is available to States that want those dollars for assistance. In fact, to date, my latest information, Mr. Speaker, there are still 19 States yet to submit an application. So there is no crisis. There is help available. States have an opportunity to receive the resources necessary to make sure we have what all American people want, that our elections are held with the utmost honesty and integrity. Mr. Speaker, as I said, we have no more speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, all these excuses. As the gentleman knows, hundreds of Members of this House don’t sit on the Appropriations Committee. Should they not have a voice on this issue? And, by the way, since that vote in the Appropriations Committee, a lot has changed in this country. If you are reading the news, 12 Russians were indicted for meddling in our election. The President of the United States went over to Helsinki and made nice with Vladimir Putin. That shocked not only the citizens of the United States, but the entire world. So I disagree with the gentleman when he says there is no crisis. There is a crisis and we need to address it. We need to do everything we can to prepare ourselves for another attack. All we are asking for is a vote. If the gentleman doesn’t think there is a crisis, doesn’t want to vote for this, he can vote ‘‘no,’’ that is his right, but for the hundreds of Members of this Chamber who would like a debate and a vote on this, give them that opportunity. The Rules Committee ought not to be a place where democracy goes to die, especially on issues like this. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ). Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule. I want to return to the fact that it is a scientific fact that climate change is occurring and that human activity is the primary cause of that change. Its destructive physical and economic effects are already being felt throughout the United States and, in fact, throughout the world. This resolution simply denies that reality. Entire American towns are beginning to be displaced due to sea level rise, and desperate attempts to save these communities through costly infrastructure projects are costing American taxpayers millions of dollars a year. In my home State of California, wildfire seasons are becoming longer. Actually, it is not a season. It is now year round. They are stronger, they are more destructive, and they are costing, thereto, American taxpayers millions of dollars each year. Yet despite these rising costs, rather than working on a solution towards this pressing problem, House Republicans have put forth a resolution that denies that climate change is a costly problem and that we are passing it on to our kids and our grandkids. They put forth a resolution that attempts to shut the door on any conversation about policies that can both promote economic growth and at the same time curb harmful pollution and protect the planet. Mr. Speaker, let’s deal with reality rather than denying reality. The Safe Climate Caucus members have been calling for real conversations on the causes, impacts, and solutions of climate change for years. Instead of proposing ways to reduce carbon pollution or allowing constructive congressional dialogue on how to avoid costly climate damages, the Republican majority continues to refuse to even have this conversation about how to address one of the greatest threats to human survival on this planet. We have not seen any serious solutions put forth by Republicans in Congress in nearly a decade. Mr. Speaker, this resolution is a waste of time, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ). Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Americans across our country are very much suffering the negative effects of climate change. They expect Congress to respond with a plan. We may not agree on all the details, but our constituents deserve a serious debate. This resolution is not serious. It reflects an extreme rightwing climate inaction plan: embrace denial, sow disinformation, and cash checks from polluters. This resolution reveals the hypocrisy of the Republican energy strategy. They claim to care about innovation, but support budget cuts to critical research programs like ARPAE and EERE. They claim to care about economic growth, but ignore the millions of jobs that have been created in the clean energy universe and fail to see the opportunities to add millions more. They claim to care about lowincome Americans, but cheer the rollback of environmental standards that would protect them. They claim to support free markets, but fail to speak out when President Trump suggests unprecedented market interventions to bail out uncompetitive coal plants at great expense to Americans, especially manufacturers. Make no mistake: greenhouse gases are serious pollutants that will have longterm consequences. America needs a climate plan, not a love letter to polluters. Members that support this resolution are sending a clear message to the American people that they care more about polluters’ interests than the people we are asked to serve. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this misguided resolution. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GONZALEZ ). Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today we speak about the most egregious acts from this administration, one after another after another, but I will not forget about our children. I rise today to tell my fellow Members of Congress that I am appalled over reports of the mistreatment and abuse towards children at the Shiloh Residential Treatment Center. The facility is under contract with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and located just south of Houston, Texas. The Shiloh facility is owned and operated by the same entity that formerly operated Daystar Treatment Center in Manvel, Texas. 
You may remember this place. Daystar was closed because of the way in which they physically restrained children that led to the death of three teenagers. In most cases, children were hogtied. Now, instead of being hogtied, they are drugging children into submission. One child was prescribed ten different shots and pills, including the antipsychotic drug Latuda, Geodon, and olanzapine. We are giving them Parkinson’s medications, we are giving them pain medications, antidepressants, and cognizant enhancers. This is a disgrace. Federal District Judge Laughrey recently explained: ‘‘Psychotropic drugs are powerful medications that directly affect the central nervous system. They are particularly potent when administered to children. . . . They are more vulnerable to psychosis, seizures, irreversible movement disorders, suicidal thoughts, and aggression. . . . ’’ This is a disgrace and this is un American and it must stop now. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, we have a carbon tax. It is invisible, it is relentless, it is punitive, and it is entirely avoidable. According to NOAA, in 2017, the U.S. had 16 disasters with damage exceeding a billion dollars each. With three devastating hurricanes, extreme wildfires, hail, flooding, tornados, and drought, the United States tallied a record high bill for weatherrelated disasters, $306 billion. That is a carbon tax. Western wildfires, fanned by hot, dry conditions, racked up $18 billion in damage, triple the previous U.S. wildfire record. That is a carbon tax. The U.S. has sustained, between 1980 and 2017, we had an average billiondollar events of six a year; in the last 5 years, it has been close to 12. b1330 In the coming decade, economic losses from extreme weather, combined with the health cost of air pollution, spiral upwards to at least $360 billion every single year. That is a carbon tax. The second thing I want to say is this: A confident nation faces its challenges. It doesn’t deny them. If we acknowledge that we have a climate crisis, we can create jobs by solving it. Energy efficiency, renewable energy, storage batteries, all of these things that are being embraced by Vermont entrepreneurs are resulting in the biggest growth of jobs in our State, which is in the renewable energy sector. So we can make a better economy by acknowledging our problem. And, third, I want to speak to Mr. JENKINS because he represents some of the hardest working, best people in this country, and those are the West Virginia coal miners. They kept the lights on in Vermont for us for a century, and I thank them. And it is why I worked with Mr. MCKINLEY to make certain those coal miners got their healthcare benefits and why I am continuing to fight so that those coal miners get their pensions. But we can help them with a carbon tax that returns all of whatever it is they contributed back to them and their communities so they can have a future. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, may I make an inquiry of the gentleman from Washington? I know the gentleman said he has no further speakers, but we are being inundated with speakers on this side. Does the gentleman want to maybe send a few minutes our way? Mr. NEWHOUSE. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield to the gentleman from Washington. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, as tempting as that sounds, I think that the adequate 30 minutes per side is enough for both of us. Mr. MCGOVERN. I thought I would ask. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ). Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the rule and to the underlying bill. But as my colleague from Massachusetts said, this isn’t really a bill. It is a press release. It is a love note to the fossil fuel industry. We should have an open rule on the floor for this resolution so that we can talk about the real issues around climate change, so that we can talk about the effects of a changing growing season and the effects of extreme weather on our farms and fishing communities, so that we can talk about sea level rise and ocean acidification on our coastal communities, so that we can talk about the impacts of changing climates on health and healthcare costs. We are seeing these problems in my home State and in the Gulf of Maine, in particular, where the water is warming at a rate 90 percent faster than the rest of the world. We don’t know what impact that will have on the lobsters, groundfish, and future fisheries, but the fishermen are worried, and we are already starting to see the changes. We are putting our heads in the sand if we just do nothing, if we keep supporting fossil fuels, and if we keep preventing even a simple debate on the costs of carbon and possible climate solutions. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the rule and oppose this bill. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman from Maine, as well as the gentleman from Vermont, getting back to the debate at hand. I just want to share a few things that I have learned from a recent poll conducted by the Institute for Energy Research. They found that a resounding 85 percent of respondents agreed that we should not make energy more expensive. Even more tellingly than that, though, when asked whether they trusted the Federal Government to spend the money from a tax on carbon emissions wisely, only 18 percent of the respondents felt that they would, while 74 percent said that they did not feel that way. An overwhelming 73 percent of respondents agreed that the last thing that we need is higher taxes or more bureaucracy. And, lastly, 85 percent of respondents feared that consumers will wind up paying the cost associated with a tax or regulation, exactly what we have been saying. The fact of the matter is, Mr. Speaker, the American people remain profoundly skeptical of government intrusion into the free markets, and like I said before, a carbon tax would be wrong for our Nation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ). Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, a debate on the topic of climate change on the floor of the House is long overdue. Those who care about the future of our planet and our species have waited for Congress to begin working on negotiating some sort of sensible solution to climate change for years. A topic of this gravity deserves our attention. Now, Republicans have been in charge of Congress for the 5
1⁄2years that I have been here, but have they brought a new idea to the floor today? Have they proposed a solution? Are they taking the threat seriously? Do they believe in science? Today’s debate makes it clear that the answer is no. Instead of a proposed solution, we are wasting our time with an empty partisan resolution, a misleading and false resolution that doesn’t do anything more than thoughtlessly swat away an idea that deserves careful consideration. Solutions do exist. We can design marketbased climate policies that would greatly reduce greenhouse gases. If we design the policy right, it can help lowincome and middle class citizens, while creating jobs and spurring innovation. I believe it is important for us to focus our attention on things like immigration, on the economy, on healthcare. Well, climate change is impacting immigration. In 2017, The New York Times reported that 10 percent of Mexicans age 15 to 65 could eventually try to emigrate north as a result of rising temperatures. Climate change is impacting the economy. Hurricanes Irma and Harvey cost this Nation $280 billion. That is just the beginning. Climate change is impacting our health. This includes extreme weather events, vectorborne diseases, chronic conditions, and things like that. 
Today, instead of posing a sensible solution, instead of seeking a productive discussion on the options at our disposal, Republicans have decided utterly to reject a possible marketbased solution without any evidence or justification, without any hearings or real debate, without regular order. Mr. Speaker, I oppose this rule and this resolution, and I encourage my colleagues to do the same. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose the rule that would permit a House vote on the most shortsighted, antimarket sense of the House on a carbon tax. For decades, economists across the ideological spectrum have argued that carbon price is the most efficient way to discourage the use of fossil fuels and the best way to encourage the growth of energy efficiency measures, alternative energy sources, and market decisions on everything from housing to transportation. Indeed, this is the preferred solution to climate change by those on the right, by the Republican public intellectuals and think tanks, which is why it is baffling that a Republican congressional leadership would want to attack their preferred policy option. It is axiomatic economics that we tax the things we want to discourage. The scientific evidence continues to accumulate in prodigious amounts that carbon pollution is profoundly changing the climate of our Earth. The costs of inaction are staggering, into the billions. Carbon pricing is the most market oriented policy action we can take to combat this. Designed well, the economic dividend will put much more money into the hands of the American people and will grow our economy more quickly. History will look back on this House resolution with sadness and regret. Once again, we will have chosen short term profits of the fossil fuel titans over the longterm survival and prosperity of mankind on our planet. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 3
1⁄2 minutes remaining. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. DELANEY ). Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, the scientists have spoken. Climate change is happening, human behavior is contributing to it, and it is a longterm threat to our prosperity and our national security. But climate change is also the ultimate, very large problem that moves very slowly, which makes it particularly poorly matched with the political system we have today. And what causes me great concern is when wrongheaded resolutions which I oppose—and I oppose the rule associated with it—are put to the floor of this House to discourage this House from proposing the most effective and most successful way of dealing with climate change, which is to put a price on carbon. We can take all of those revenues and return them to the American people. We can wall them off from government spending. There is a whole variety of approaches we could take to ensure that the revenues generated from taxing carbon pollution are returned to the American people. As a Congress, wouldn’t we rather tax pollution than tax hardworking Americans? That is what a carbon tax will do. I encourage my colleagues to reject this resolution and allow us to have the real debate the American people deserve on this floor. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, this resolution encapsulates what is wrong with the Republican management of this Congress. It is a cartoon that doesn’t deal with the underlying issues. They conjure up an imaginary carbon tax when there are real proposals to price carbon before committees in Congress now. Instead of engaging in fantasy, we could have a debate about real legislation that would satisfy their answers and be able to deal with what our responsibilities are in the future. What we are talking about today encapsulates the failure of Republican leadership in this Congress. They can’t deal with immigration. They can’t deal meaningfully with climate change and carbon pollution. Instead, we are dealing with empty gestures. Mr. Speaker, I strongly suggest we reject this rule and get down to business. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, can I just doublecheck and inquire of the gentleman whether he has any additional speakers over there? Mr. NEWHOUSE. Will the gentleman yield? MR. McGOVERN. I yield to the gentleman from Washington. Mr. NEWHOUSE. We are prepared to close on the Republican side. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, is my understanding correct that I have 1
1⁄2 minutes remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 1
1⁄2 minutes remaining. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I cannot believe that we are here debating a press release. We are not debating a carbon tax. We are debating a press release. I would say to my friends on the other side of the aisle: If you are against the carbon tax, go back to your office and issue a press release and send it to your local newspapers, because that is what this is. We are wasting precious time on this floor when there are other issues. We have children being separated from their parents at the border. We have prescription drug prices that are skyrocketing. We need an infrastructure bill. We have gun violence in this country that is out of control, where there are massacres occurring on a regular basis. And what are we doing? We are doing a press release. This is shameful. And on the issue of Russian interference in our elections, we ought to be having a debate on an amendment to provide more funds to States and local authorities to protect their election systems. The gentleman from Washington says: Oh, there is still 39 percent of the money left. They don’t need it. I think his information is old, because we are told that every single State has put in a request for additional assistance. Why don’t we debate that and vote on it and do the right thing? I am looking at a New York Times article that just appeared today where the President of the United States, Donald Trump, says Russia is no longer targeting the U.S. I mean, is this for real? What is wrong with him? It is time for Congress to stage an intervention with him and tell him to listen to his intelligence agencies who contradict what he has just said this morning. This is urgent. We can’t count on the President of the United States to do the right thing. Congress needs to stand up. Congress needs to be counted. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to engage with my good friend and colleague from the State of Massachusetts, especially on a particularly important issue such as carbon tax. It is my feeling and the feeling of the majority of this House that we need to move away from aggressive taxes and topdown Big Government regulation. We need to get behind innovativecentric solutions that remove bureaucratic barriers to clean, affordable, and reliable energy technology and allow for real global carbon emission reductions. Our affordable and reliable energy supply must be the focus, along with a cleaner environment and a stronger economy. A carbon tax simply would not yield those kinds of results. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the rule and support the underlying legislation, H. Con. Res. 119, which is simply this: Expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 1001 O FFERED BY  MR. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: SEC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to 
clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 12) to modernize voter registration, promote access to voting for individuals with disabilities, protect the ability of individuals to exercise the right to vote in elections for Federal office, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided among and controlled by the respective chairs and ranking minority members of the Committees on House Administration, the Judiciary, Science, Space and Technology, Veterans’ Affairs, Oversight and Government Reform. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 12. THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. b1345 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 990) supporting the officers and personnel who carry out the important mission of the United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: H. R ES. 990 Whereas the national security interests of the United States are dependent on the brave men and women who enforce our Nation’s immigration laws; Whereas abolishing United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) would mean open borders because it would eliminate the main agency responsible for removing people who enter or remain in our country illegally; Whereas calls to abolish ICE are an insult to these heroic law enforcement officers who make sacrifices every day to secure our borders, enforce our laws, and protect our safety and security; Whereas abolishing ICE would allow dangerous criminal aliens, including violent and ruthless members of the MS–13 gang, to remain in American communities; Whereas during fiscal year 2017, ICE Enforcement and Removal Operations (ERO) arrested more than 127,000 aliens with criminal convictions or charges; Whereas ICE ERO made 5,225 administrative arrests of suspected gang members in fiscal year 2017; Whereas criminal aliens arrested by ICE ERO in fiscal year 2017 were responsible for more than— (1) 76,000 dangerous drug offenses; (2) 48,000 assault offenses; (3) 11,000 weapon offenses; (4) 5,000 sexual assault offenses; (5) 2,000 kidnapping offenses; and (6) 1,800 homicide offenses; Whereas ICE Homeland Security Investigations made 4,818 gangrelated arrests in fiscal year 2017; Whereas ICE identified or rescued 904 sexually exploited children; Whereas ICE identified or rescued 518 victims of human trafficking; Whereas abolishing ICE would mean that countless illegal aliens who could pose a threat to public safety would be allowed to roam free instead of being removed from American soil; Whereas abolishing ICE would mean more dangerous illegal drugs flowing into our communities, causing more Americans to needlessly suffer; Whereas ICE plays a critical role in combatting the drug crisis facing our Nation; Whereas ICE seized more than 980,000 pounds of narcotics in fiscal year 2017, including thousands of pounds of the deadly drugs fueling the opioid crisis; Whereas ICE seized 2,370 pounds of fentanyl and 6,967 pounds of heroin in fiscal year 2017; Whereas ICE logged nearly 90,000 investigative hours directed toward fentanyl in fiscal year 2017; Whereas abolishing ICE would leave these drugs in our communities to cause more devastation; Whereas abolishing ICE would mean eliminating the agency that deports aliens that pose a terrorist threat to the United States; Whereas ICE was created in 2003 to better protect national security and public safety after the 9/11 terrorists exploited immigration laws to gain entry into the United States; Whereas the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks found that many of the 9/11 hijackers committed visa violations; Whereas ICE identifies dangerous individuals before they enter our country and locates them as they violate our immigration laws; and Whereas abolishing ICE would enable the hundreds of thousands of foreign nationals who illegally overstay their visa each year to remain in the United States indefinitely: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the House of Representatives— (1) expresses its continued support for all United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officers and personnel who carry out the important mission of ICE; (2) denounces calls for the abolishment of ICE; and (3) supports the efforts of all Federal agencies, State law enforcement, and military personnel who bring law and order to our Nation’s borders. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H. Res. 990, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support H. Res. 990 introduced by CLAYHIGGINS to express our support for the men and women of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Recently, Democrats nationwide, from the mayor of New York City to Senators GILLIBRAND and W ARREN , have recklessly called for the abolishment of ICE, the agency within the Department of Homeland Security charged with enforcing Federal immigration laws within our Nation’s interior. They have used rhetoric that is both bewildering and deeply troubling. New York gubernatorial candidate Cynthia Nixon has gone so far as to call ICE a ‘‘terrorist organization.’’ The Democratic candidate for the 14th Congressional District of New York just yesterday stated: ‘‘We have to occupy all of it. We need to occupy every airport. We need to occupy every border. We need to occupy every ICE office. . . . ’’ What is remarkable is that these calls would undo what has been our singular bipartisan achievement on immigration over the last two decades— the creation of ICE, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. The late Barbara Jordan was one of the most distinguished persons ever to serve in this body. She was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom and NAACP’s highest honor, the Spingarn Medal for highest and noblest achievement by a living African American. She was appointed by President Clinton to be chair of the U.S. Commission on Immigration Reform. Her commission found that: 
Immigration law enforcement requires staffing, training, resources, and a work culture that differs from what is required for effective adjudication of immigration benefits. Separating enforcement and benefits functions will lead to more effective enforcement. The commission is particularly concerned that although the removal system produced more than 100,000 final removal orders each year, the system did not have the corresponding capacity to remove the individuals subject to those orders. It noted that: 
The system is bogged down with increasing numbers of aliens who are put into removal proceedings, released due to a lack of detention space, and never appear at their hearings, or are never deported after a final order of removal is issued. We must enable the immigration system to deliver better on its commitment to actually remove those who are issued final orders. 
Those are the words of Barbara Jordan’s Commission. Following upon the Barbara Jordan Commission’s recommendation, SHEILA  JACKSON LEEintroduced the Immigration Restructuring and Accountability Act establishing an Office of Immigration Enforcement to: 
Implement the removal of deportable and inadmissible aliens from the United States. 
I have been a champion for years when it comes to restructuring the Immigration and Naturalization Service. I have been arguing for years that we need to separate out services and enforcement functions of the INS. 
In 2001, thenJudiciary Committee Chairman JIMSENSENBRENNER introduced the Barbara Jordan Immigration Reform and Accountability Act which proposed to abolish the INS and established separate offices for immigration enforcement and the provision of immigration benefits. The bill was a bipartisan juggernaut. It passed the Judiciary Committee by a vote of 32–2 and this body by a vote of 405–9. ALCEE HASTINGS stated during floor consideration that: 
I want to commend the authors of this bill. They have produced a bipartisan bill that is sure to improve performance and accountability. I think Mr. Sensenbrenner and Mr. Conyers have done an outstanding job. 
The Barbara Jordan Immigration Reform and Accountability Act was, in effect, enacted into law as part of the Homeland Security Act. In creating DHS, it transferred over the INS’s functions and placed responsibility over Immigration and Customs Enforcement in the same directorate. President Bush placed the final piece of the puzzle in 2003 when he submitted a DHS reorganization plan that created the Bureau of Immigration and Customs Enforcement with the primary mission of: 
Enforcing the full range of immigration and customs laws within the interior of the United States. 
In that bygone era, House Democrats were committed to effective enforcement of our immigration laws. This was further evidenced by the fact that in 1996, a majority of Democrats voted for LAMAR SMITH’s omnibus immigration enforcement legislation that was to be enacted as the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act. That commitment has inexorably withered away. By 2005, only 36 House Democrats voted for JIMSENSEN BRENNER ’s Border Protection, AntiTerrorism, and Illegal Immigration Control Act. Just a few weeks ago, not one Democrat voted for either of two bills that would have resuscitated immigration enforcement—the Securing America’s Future Act or the Border Security and Immigration Reform Act. House Democrats once worked collaboratively with Republicans to improve the effectiveness of Federal immigration enforcement. I hope that we will resume that soon. Now it appears that they are outraged when ICE has the audacity to actually enforce the laws that we have enacted. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote on both sides of the aisle for H. Res. 990. Let’s honor the work of Barbara Jordan and our Republican and Democratic colleagues who joined together to create ICE, and the brave men and women of ICE to whom we owe so much. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this resolution is the legislative equivalent of fiddling while Rome is burning. Our President takes to the world stage to side with a hostile foreign power over his own intelligence services. Here at home he engages in governmentsponsored child abuse in the form of a family separation policy that continues to terrorize children as young as 6 months. This nonbinding resolution before us would do nothing to bring about a fair and just immigration system. In fact, it would do nothing at all. It is just a meaningless political stunt to change the subject from the international and domestic shame unleashed on us by President Trump. The President imposed the family separation policy, and his administration never even considered how to ensure that the children would eventually reunite with their families. Now, nearly 3,000 children remain separated, and they do not know when, or even if, they will ever see their parents again. Many of these children were ripped from the arms of their mothers and fathers, and their anguish is unimaginable. But this bill would do nothing to reverse this disastrous and cruel family separation policy. It would do nothing to ensure that parents and children are accurately tracked so that families can be reunited, and it would do nothing to address the horrendous conditions separated children are being subjected to. For example, 14monthold Baby M— we must use a pseudonym—was separated from his mother for 85 days at 14 months and he returned so full of dirt and lice that it appeared he had not been bathed the entire time he was in Federal custody. His mother Olivia 
says that he is not the same since they were reunited, and he cries whenever he does not see her out of fear that he might be left alone again. Mr. Speaker, this is a humanitarian crisis. We do not have the time to waste with political stunts like this bill while the moral fiber of our country is torn apart. I will be voting ‘‘present’’ on this bill, because I have no desire to play the Republican’s immoral games right now. We have much more important things to do. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. HIGGINS ), who is the chief sponsor of this legislation. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, for weeks now, the abolish ICE movement has been growing in popularity on the left with many Democrats embracing this radical policy stance. I find it extremely ironic that calls to abolish the Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agency come only 1 year after 159 House Democrats voted to pass landmark legislation introduced by my colleague, Chairman MICHAEL MCCAUL, reauthorizing ICE and other DHS agencies for the first time since their inception after 9/11. Mr. Speaker, calls to abolish ICE are reckless, dangerous to America’s national security, and threaten the well being of our ICE agents. As a member of the thin blue line, this attack on ICE is personal to me. The men and women of ICE serve as America’s frontline defenders against human, drug, and weapons traffickers. ICE agents locate, arrest, and deport violent gang members and criminal aliens who threaten public safety. Last year alone, ICE arrested more than 127,000 criminal aliens responsible for: 76,000 drug offenses, 48,000 assault offenses, 11,000 weapons offenses, 5,000 sexual assault offenses, 2,000 kidnapping offenses, and 1,800 homicide offenses. Further, ICE agents made more than 4,800 gangrelated arrests, rescued 518 victims of human trafficking, and seized 1 million pounds of narcotics last year. The campaign against ICE is the latest rallying cry for open borders, the latest call to prioritize illegal immigrants over American citizens, and the latest shrill cacophony from the left to vilify and demonize frontline law enforcement in America. Democrats are making it very clear to the American people that they stand against efforts to secure America’s borders. Americans overwhelmingly support law and order. I speak for a coalition of conservative Members of Congress as I introduce this resolution affirming support for ICE personnel and condemning the dangerous call from the left to abolish ICE. Let me state further that affirming support for ICE should not be the end of our efforts. We should be doing more to secure our borders and provide frontline defenders with the resources necessary to accomplish their mission, and we should end dangerous sanctuary policies. Today the House will vote on our resolution formally stating congressional support for ICE personnel and their mission. b1400 Despite the rhetoric being pushed by the left, the American people support Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Their service should be respected. Very soon, we the people will know where every Member of this Congress stands. Mr. Speaker, it saddens me to say it has been brought to my attention that some of my colleagues across the aisle plan to vote ‘‘present’’ on today’s resolution. I would remind them that our constituents elected us as their voice in the people’s House. We were not elected to be silent. The American people deserve to know where every Member of this body stands. To vote ‘‘present’’ on this resolution reflects fear. The American citizenry deserves a courageous vote. I urge my colleagues to look into their hearts, vote on this resolution reflective of your own deepest belief, and, as you do so, remember that we all have been elected to serve American citizens, American interests, and America’s future. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LOFGREN ), the ranking Democrat on the Immigration and Border Security Subcommittee. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I support fair and humane enforcement of our immigration laws, but that is not what this resolution is about. It is nothing but a ploy to distract us from critical issues facing our country. A most urgent issue now is the need to reunify thousands of children, including babies, who were forcefully torn from their parents’ arms at the border. Despite court orders requiring reunification, more than 2,000 remain separated from their parents. This bill does nothing to address that humanitarian crisis, a crisis created by President Trump’s socalled zerotolerance policy. The bill does nothing, for example, to more quickly reunify children like Jefferson, a 6yearold boy taken from his father after traveling together from Guatemala, seeking asylum. They were kept apart for almost 2 heartwrenching months. When they were finally reunified 3 days ago, the traumatic effects of the separation were clear. Jefferson was unemotional, with a vacant look in his eyes. He thought, for those 2 excruciating months, that his father no longer loved him or that he was dead. Jefferson had a cough, bruises, and a rash all over his body. It is not clear whether Jefferson will ever fully recover emotionally. There are many more kids like Jefferson who remain separated from their parents. As Members of Congress, we can’t sit on the sidelines as witnesses to governmentsponsored child abuse. We must take concrete steps to end this tragedy and pass legislation to prevent it from ever happening again, and this resolution doesn’t do that. This resolution does not even acknowledge the plight of babies separated from their mothers, nor does it make any recommendations for family reunification. This resolution is nothing more than a feeble attempt at political gamesmanship. The resolution shows the Republican majority is unwilling to solve our immigration crisis, just as they are unwilling to tackle rising healthcare costs, wage stagnation, a pending trade war, and the President’s lovefest with Russia. With a little more than a week left before the August recess, the Republican majority is more interested in political games than actually governing. Rather than doing anything meaningful for the American people, we are wasting our time on a political stunt. It is just shameful. I refuse to play this game. I intend to vote ‘‘present’’ on this meaningless resolution and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ), the former chairman of the House Judiciary Committee. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the selfless men and women who serve at Immigration and Customs Enforcement. These brave individuals risk their lives every day to protect our Nation and enforce our laws. They deserve our admiration and support, not a ‘‘present’’ vote. It is disgusting and unconscionable that Members of the political left, Members in this very Chamber, continue to denigrate these patriots. One prominent gubernatorial candidate declared ICE a terrorist organization. A House Member called ICE fascist. Another Member of this body said that ICE agents, who were just doing their job, were cowardly. I wish that I was making this up. Talk about shameful statements, talk about inflammatory statements to a law enforcement agency that is responsible for the internal enforcement of both our immigration and customs laws. Mr. Speaker, these attacks are utterly despicable. While #AbolishICE might make for a catchy bumper sticker for radical leftists, it is harmful to our law enforcement. Today, I join with my colleagues in supporting this resolution and commending ICE agents for their hard work. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, what is disgusting is for Congress to sit idly by while children are ripped from the arms of their parents and abused. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. JAYAPAL ). 
Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, this is what it takes to have a debate on the floor about family separation. It is outrageous that my Republican colleagues are playing pure politics with a resolution that does absolutely nothing to address the most pressing crisis before us, which is the separation of 3,000 children from their parents. It is about putting kids in cages and parents in prison who are seeking asylum. Mr. Speaker, in spite of court orders, this administration still has yet to reunite these children with their families, and I will tell you that these are parents who even have been denied the opportunity to speak to their kids for more than 10 minutes twice a week. Mr. Speaker, this bill does nothing to prevent President Trump from again ordering enforcement agents to rip breastfeeding babies from their mothers’ arms. This isn’t just rhetoric. This happened numerous times under Trump’s zerotolerance, zerohumanity policy. In one case, for instance, an asylum seeker from Honduras reported that Federal agents took her daughter from her while she was breastfeeding in a Texas detention center. When she resisted, as any mother would—because I am a mother, I can say that, from the bottom of my heart—this mother was handcuffed, handcuffed for wanting to feed her baby. Stripping babies from the arms of their mothers is cruel and inhumane, and this body should be debating that policy, should be fixing that policy, instead of putting forward a ridiculous, donothing, political resolution. Mr. Speaker, I urge my Republican colleagues to put their attention on real issues, instead of continuing to play games with children’s lives. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 15 seconds to point out to my Democratic colleagues that every single one of them had the opportunity and every single one of them voted against H.R. 6136, which addressed this issue and a solution for DACA recipients. Every one of them voted against it. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE), the House majority whip. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Virginia for yielding. I especially want to thank my colleague Congressman HIGGINS from Louisiana for his leadership in bringing this resolution to the floor. And what does the resolution do? It simply says that we stand behind our ICE agents, those brave men and women who are keeping America safe. These are the people on the front lines of removing terrorists from our country. These are the people who, by the way, last year alone, removed 100,000 criminals from our country. And they want to vote ‘‘present’’? My colleagues on the other side are talking about voting ‘‘present.’’ Mr. Speaker, when you look at the numbers, last year, ICE agents rescued or identified 518 victims of human trafficking. What if those ICE agents would have voted ‘‘present’’ that day instead of rescuing those victims of human trafficking? Luckily, Mr. Speaker, they didn’t vote ‘‘present.’’ They showed up and did their job to keep America safe. What if, last year, Mr. Speaker, those ICE agents who rescued or identified 904 people who were sexually exploited children voted ‘‘present’’ that day, instead of rescuing those 904 sexually exploited children? Luckily, they didn’t vote ‘‘present,’’ Mr. Speaker. They showed up and did their job. We need to stand up for them. We need to stand up for what is important at keeping this country safe. Are we for open borders? Absolutely not. On this resolution, there is one choice, one button to hit if you support these men and women who are keeping us safe, who are keeping us from open borders. That vote is ‘‘yes.’’ Any other vote than a ‘‘yes’’ vote is for open borders and somehow not supporting these men and women. Let’s look at what is resolved in the resolution. We express our continued support for those ICE agents. We denounce calls to abolish ICE. And we support efforts of all Federal agencies—State law enforcement, military personnel—who bring law and order to our Nation’s border. The only vote on this resolution is ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 15 seconds. Yes, every Democrat voted against H.R. 6136, which provided for indefinite detention of entire families, among other obnoxious provisions. So did many Republicans, thank God. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), the distinguished Democratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank the ICE agents for being present. It is unfortunate that our Republican colleagues are not present doing the business that cries out to be done. I am voting ‘‘present’’ on this resolution because it is a sham and a distraction. It is an outrageous attempt to hide the continued suffering of children behind a partisan attack on Democrats. This is exactly the kind of gotcha vote that alienates Americans from our government. It is as shameless as it is inappropriate. It is inappropriate because Republicans are not doing a single thing to address the crisis of children still separated from their parents, even after a court ruled that they need to be reunited. Democrats refuse to play the Republicans’ game when it comes to children’s wellbeing and the safety of those who come here seeking asylum. We are not falling for this trap, and you can say we are doing it as much as you want. Democrats support secure borders and honor the service of all whose lives are at risk in protecting our country and our people. I take a back seat to no one in the House over the years in supporting our law enforcement personnel, but we will neither be silent nor will we cease fighting to bring an end to the dangerous and inhumane policies of the Trump administration that are traumatizing families and children at our borders, which Senator MCCAIN correctly called ‘‘an affront to the decency of the American people.’’ Shame on the Republican House majority for putting such blatant partisanship ahead of the children. Shame on you for using our law enforcement agents as pawns in your political games. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time is remaining on each side? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WEBER of Texas). The gentleman from Virginia has 6
1⁄4minutes remaining. The gentleman from New York has 11 minutes remaining. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL), chairman of the Homeland Security Committee. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the men and women of ICE who courageously serve our country every single day. Recently, ICE agents have been the targets of vicious namecalling and partisan attacks. Some have even described ICE as a terrorist organization. To make matters worse, some politicians in Washington are now calling on Congress to abolish ICE. But just last year, Mr. Speaker, an overwhelming bipartisan majority in the House, including Leader PELOSI , voted to authorize ICE into law for the first time. This kind of dishonest double standard is politics at its worst. b1415 Abolishing ICE is a reckless and dangerous idea that jeopardizes the safety of American communities. ICE was originally formed after 9/11 to help secure our homeland. When I was a Federal prosecutor with the Joint Terrorism Task Force, ICE was instrumental in deporting potential terrorists on immigration violations. Today, ICE agents stop drug smugglers, murderers, human traffickers, and dangerous gangs like MS– 13 along our border. In 2017 alone, ICE agents stopped almost 1 million pounds of narcotics, including opioids, from entering our country. This included 7,000 pounds of heroin and 2,400 pounds of fentanyl. They arrested nearly 5,000 gang members and identified or rescued over 500 victims of trafficking. These are not just hollow statistics. These numbers represent the great work and positive impact that ICE has on people’s lives. John Kennedy, the great President, a Democrat, talked about profiles in courage. I would argue a ‘‘present’’ vote is hardly a profile in courage. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ), the distinguished gentleman and a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, when Democrats talk about immigrants, refugees, and asylum seekers, this is the mom and her children whom we are talking about. She is fleeing Central America to save the life of her children from violence, systematic corruption, extortion—yes—rape, and kidnapping. But the other side wants to change the subject. On every TV screen this fall, Republicans will show pictures of tattooed gang members flashing gang signs, looking like murderers. We know. We get your strategy. You take your marching orders from Laura Ingraham and Tucker Carlson quicker than the President takes his marching orders from the Kremlin. In the same week that the President insulted the intelligence community of the United States, we are not going to let you insult the intelligence of the American voter. Immigrants, refugees, outsiders and outcasts, freed slaves, and survivors, just like this woman and her children, built this country. Some of us had our land stolen; some of us were stolen from our land; and some of us made a very smart decision that we had to get away from the land we were in so that we could survive. That is who we are. That is what America is. Every generation of Americans has had to withstand people in positions of power labeling the poor, the weak, the outsiders, and people of different races and ethnicities as criminals, threats, and the cause of all our problems, as the majority does today. Every generation of Americans has had to stand up to bullies and racists and powerhungry politicians and overcome their efforts to divide us as Americans. That is also the story of America’s greatness: our resilience and our ability as a nation to overcome the worst instincts of some of our leaders. That is the story of America, and that is what we are doing today. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ). Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, when a magician performs, they often utilize misdirection as a way to deceive an audience. Wikipedia defines ‘‘misdirection’’ as a form of deception in which the attention of the audience is focused on the one thing in order to distract its attention from another. Today, the Republicans are performing a cruel trick on the American people. The Nation is repulsed by President Trump’s directives that have forced the separation of over 3,000 children from their parents at the Nation’s border, placed children in cages, and terrorized children. As one 9yearold victim said, he was treated like a prisoner and a dog. This is cruel, inhumane, and unAmerican. Rather than have Congress take up a directive to reunite children with their parents, the GOP is performing some misdirection to another issue, hoping that you won’t notice that they will not stand up against the GOP’s policy of family separation and putting kids in cages at our Nation’s borders. Why? Because many of the GOP Members support the President’s shameful actions. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Wisconsin an additional 30 seconds. Mr. POCAN. Now they want to play politics and misdirect your attention. I won’t be complicit in their attempts. I will vote ‘‘present’’ today to be present for the children and parents separated at the border. Shame on you for terrorizing children and ignoring pleas to help them. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 13⁄4minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ). Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 990. The issue is not the law enforcement agencies or the personnel, but, rather, it is the administration’s policies regarding enforcement. ICE has become a lightning rod for the anger, quite honestly, about President Trump’s hardline immigration policies. Our number one goal is to defend our homeland. ICE officers and special agents perform a vital role each day to keep our country safe. I want to make sure that we clear up some confusion about what ICE does, what their functions are. ICE is split into two primary functions: one is the enforcement and removal operations, which is the one that enforces the Nation’s immigration laws; the other, which is very, very important, is it investigates all types of crossborder criminal activities, which include financial crimes; money laundering; bulk cash smuggling; commercial fraud; intellectual property theft; cyber crimes; child pornography; human rights violations; human smuggling and trafficking; information, document, and benefit fraud; narcotics and weapons smuggling and trafficking; transnational gang activities; export enforcements; and international art and antiquity theft. Again, as has been mentioned, the good work that ICE has done in FY 2017: 4,818 transnational gang members were arrested, over 11,000 narcotics criminal arrests were made, and 904 sexually exploited children were identified and rescued. I know that for a fact because my brother has worked with ICE, the sheriff down there, Martin Cuellar, and they have saved some of the kids there. Again, the issue is not law enforcement agencies or personnel. It is not the men and women who are working there very hard every day, but it is, rather, the policies of the administration regarding this. Again, I would ask Members to please look at this legislation and support it. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ). Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, immigration is one of the more important issues that we must face around here. It is one we take seriously. This debate, sadly, is more about politics, in my view. Our decisions affect people’s lives and America’s future. We must stop these partisan ‘‘gotcha’’ bills, empty messaging resolutions, and ideological hijacking of our policy discussions. Rather, we must come together and do our work and create a fair and effective immigration system, one that reflects our values. We must have and we need bipartisan, comprehensive immigration laws to fix our broken immigration system, much like was done in 2013. Unfortunately, it didn’t pass. Then we must smartly enforce it. We have big challenges. We must take care of the Dreamers stuck in DACA limbo; we must reunite families who are separated, secure our borders— yes, we must—using every effective means possible; and we must bring undocumented neighbors out of the shadows. I will vote for this resolution, but it is not about abolish or support ICE. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from California an additional 15 seconds. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I will vote for this resolution, but it is not about abolish or support ICE. I respect the need for interior and immigration enforcement, and I have concerns about how this administration is doing it. Enough of political games, catering to the loudest and most extreme voices in both parties. Let’s check our ideology at the door. Let’s get to work on bipartisan, commonsense immigration reform. That is what the people want us to do. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time remains for each side. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New York has 6
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, here, the height of hypocrisy, the depth of duplicity. While this administration relentlessly, baselessly, and desperately attacks Federal law enforcement officials—the FBI, the Justice Department, our intelligence agencies—again and again, these same Republicans, so proud of law enforcement in one narrow area today, are silent. They stand by tweetaddicted Trump, 
our President who, even this very day, has again denied that Russia poses any threat. Where is your resolution to defend the Federal Bureau of Investigation? Where is your resolution to defend NATO, which has been disparaged by this shameful President? No. What we have today is a shameless, spineless group of Republican congressional enablers who are enabling Trump, who totally ignore those dedicated to defending our borders from Russian aggression. These Republicans claim that we have so much more to fear from little infants and toddlers who come across our southern border and seek to escape gang and domestic violence and, yet, are torn by ICE from their mothers’ embrace, than from a murderous Vladimir Putin. Of course we need immigration law enforcement and secure borders, but this resolution ignores many wrongs of ICE: hundreds of claims of harassment, sexual harassment, child separation, and an unresponsive bureaucracy. At the same time that they ignore those wrongs, they ignore the wrongs of Trump in impairing other Federal law enforcement. Trump’s own intelligence chief, a lifelong Republican whom he appointed, warns that our democracy is under sustained Russian assault, yet they are silent. Trump is impotent in the face of Putin. We need to reject this complicity, the Trump child abuse, and the abuse of Federal law enforcement. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), the distinguished Democratic leader of the House. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, this is really a very sad day in the Congress of the United States because we are ignoring the needs of children. As a mother of five children—I had five children in 6 years, so lots of little babies all around the house all the time, lots of joy—and understanding the connection between parent and child, and being a grandmother of nine now, I can’t even imagine why the Republicans think it is a good idea to move forward with a bill that does nothing to unite families, to stop the separations, and to have the reuniting of families in a way that is humane—not to reunite and detain in prison, in detention, but to unite in a way that honors the humanity of America. In church on Sunday, the sermon was about not being an enemy of humanity. Some of the activities that are happening now in relation to these children are actions that qualify as enmity to humanity. What we have: 2,000 children remain separated from their parents, locked away in Federal custody and living in a state of terror and trauma. This is a picture of a little boy being confronted by an armed official. Do we have any idea what the impact is on that child? Republican leadership pushed multiple antifamily bills that would have made the horrific situation worse for children by enshrining the President’s outrageous mass deportation agenda as the law of the land with his zerotolerance policy. We should have zero tolerance for that policy. My Republican colleagues have voted again and again against actions to force a vote on a bill that would require the government to reunite families, and now you are promoting a new political stunt, wasting the country’s and the Congress’ time with a meaningless vote on a nonbinding resolution that does nothing to protect the children and end the cruel crisis that President Trump has created. b1430 This resolution does nothing to prevent the separation of babies from their mothers. You are parents. You know, in the night, if you hear a sound from the room down the hall, that connection is something beyond material. It is spiritual. It is about parent and child, mother and child, father and child, and now we are going to rip that apart. It does nothing to prevent the separation of children with disabilities from their parents and caregivers. It does nothing to provide legal counsel to children in immigration court, including little babies who cannot even yet verbally communicate. For example, Johan. Earlier this summer, a 1yearold boy named Johan appeared in court without his parents— 1 year old. He played with a toy. He drank from a bottle. Then he cried hysterically, because he did not have his mother or his father there to comfort or care for him. The immigration judge even reported that he was ‘‘embarrassed to ask’’ if little Johan could understand the proceedings. The judge is asking a 1yearold child taking a bottle if he can understand the proceedings. What sort of administration sends a 1yearold child into a courtroom alone to make his case? This resolution is an assault to little children like Johan. Congress should be working day and night to protect these traumatized children. Do you know the toll that you are taking on these children? I wish you would listen to the representatives of the Society of Pediatric Doctors and what they have to say about this, pediatricians, what they have to say about this. We should be working day and night to ensure the President can never again enable children to be ripped from their parents’ arms. Democrats will continue to fight for families. Here is the thing I found very sad, because it was almost a year ago, say, 10 months ago, when I was informed by the administration that they were going to separate children from their parents. This is not something that has emerged. This is a decision that was made. They said, these parents, especially the moms they were talking about, are unfit mothers because they have chosen to take their children across the desert, which is very dangerous. That makes them unfit. Unfit? Really? If their choice is to stay home and be murdered, be raped, be victims of gang violence, and they are coming to find solace or refugee status? They are unfit, I was told by the administration, and we know better what is good for the children. We are going to take the children and send them to foster care or whatever—or whatever—foster care or whatever, taking children from their parents, as a decision of national policy. Around that same time, we had a hearing—well, it was earlier. It was on the Muslim ban, so it was more like over a year ago, and the American Association of Evangelicals testified in that hearing. It was a Democratic hearing, because the Republicans would not have that hearing. They said that the U.S. refugee resettlement program is the crown jewel of American humanitarianism, the American Association of Evangelicals—the refugee resettlement program, the crown jewel of American humanitarianism. So how is it that it can be so obvious to so many people that we are humanitarian, that all of these children are God’s children, that all of them have a spark of divinity? Mr. President, they have a spark of divinity, and you do, too. So let us all act on our and their spark of divinity and treat them with the level of respect that they deserve and not use children as a political shield for some other agenda. This isn’t about whether you support ICE or not. By the way, I will just close on this. On this subject, I want to remind our Republican colleagues that Democrats have been strong on protecting our borders all along. You recall after 9/11, a commission was formed, the 9/11 Commission. It took a couple of years to make recommendations. It took a while to make recommendations—a distinguished nonpartisan, bipartisan commission. It presented its recommendations in the summer of 2004. The Republicans in Congress controlled the Congress at the time, and they would not take up those recommendations, which were about protecting our country. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from New York may remember it, because he has been a champion on this issue for such a long time, and since his district was affected by 9/11, in the forefront of that fight for us, to form a commission to begin with but also to 
fit—it took us, until the Democrats took control of the Congress, in 2006— the first bill that we put on the floor, H.R. 1 in the new Congress, was to adopt the 9/11 Commission recommendations to keep the American people safe, protect and defend, which is our oath of office. So don’t make it look like you are either for protecting the border or not. This is about being enemies of humanity, by taking children away from their parents, keeping them separated, and when they unite them, to keep them under detention. It is not the crown jewel of our humanitarianism. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I am going to vote ‘‘present’’ on it, because they will use it politically, use it politically, use it politically. Vote ‘‘present’’ or however anyone wants to vote, but understand what it is. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ). Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership. Mr. Speaker, the men and women of ICE work every day to make our country and our communities safer. They secure our borders. They enforce our laws. They protect our safety. And I stand with them. America’s borders have been too open for too long. Drug cartels, dangerous gangs, and human traffickers exploit our weak borders and bring crime to our Montana communities. As America and Montana face an epidemic of drug abuse and addiction, ICE agents seized nearly 1 million pounds of illegal drugs last year, including nearly 2,400 pounds of fentanyl and 7,000 pounds of heroin. ICE agents arrested more than 127,000 criminal aliens last year. These criminals were charged with weapons offenses, drug crimes, gangrelated activity, sexual assault, kidnapping, and murder. Now, some of my friends across the aisle have called for abolishing ICE. Abolishing ICE is a reckless idea. Abolishing ICE would embolden violent criminals, like members of the vicious MS–13 gang, intent on doing us harm. Abolishing ICE would jeopardize the safety and security of our Montana communities. Mr. Speaker, I strongly oppose abolishing ICE. And, Mr. Speaker, I proudly stand with ICE agents who are dedicated to making our Nation and Montana safer and more secure. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. PERLMUTTER ). Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. NADLER . Mr. Speaker, I agree with Mr. GIANFORTE and with Mr. C UELLAR . We have outstanding men and women in Immigration and Customs Enforcement. I am not going to do anything to disparage the many good men and women that we have, but I will never, never support these abominable policies coming out of the Trump administration that tear families apart, that these men and women are having to implement because the White House has decided they are going to go into the immigrant communities and tear them apart. This is a piece of legislation that is not necessary, and I say that to my friends on the Republican side. We support the good men and women in law enforcement as Democrats, but I will not support any of these policies or even look like I am supporting any of the immigration policies of this President. They are terrible, and they are hurting this country. I urge a vote of ‘‘present’’ on this particular piece of legislation. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time is remaining on each side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Virginia has 1 minute remaining. The gentleman from New York has 21⁄4minutes remaining. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have only one speaker remaining to close the debate for our side. I believe we have the right to close. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, we are prepared to close. I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ). Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of many Americans, enough— enough of cruelty disguised as border security, enough of inflicting pain on children to make their parents stay away, enough of picking on the weak to show that you are strong. The people in this Chamber, who are the sons and daughters of immigrants from all over the world, should know the history of this Nation, and the fact that when the Irish came here, they were greeted with signs in New York and Boston that said: ‘‘No Irish need apply.’’ Those of German descent were said to be too dirty to be Americans. Italians were interned during World War II. Are we a Nation that learns from our mistakes, or are we not? Are we a country that adheres to our Constitution and strives to achieve the words inside it, or are we just pretending? This is a special Nation, a Nation that has been blessed by people who have come here from all over the world, yet the policies of this administration denigrate the history of this country and denigrate its future. These families must stop being separated. Just because you come up to a border or cross a border does not make you nonhuman. They should be treated as human beings, most especially by a country that is supposed to be a moral beacon for the world over. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the majority leader. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, last week, Democrats introduced a bill to abolish ICE. That is the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency. In doing so, I think we should first review the agency’s record. As it turns out, ICE agents are on the front lines in the battle against crime. In 2016, they arrested nearly 2,000 human traffickers, criminals who are involved in modernday slavery. You wanted to abolish that. Last year, they arrested more than 4,800 gang members, including more than 800 members of the MS–13, one of the most vicious gangs operating today. But you wanted to abolish that and put it into our communities. They intercepted more than 1 ton of fentanyl that was headed for our communities. Now, we all should know what fentanyl will do, because we just debated more than 50some bills on this floor, because 172 people who are Americans will die today because of an addiction. Fentanyl is so deadly that just a few grams will kill you. But you wanted to abolish that, to allow it into our communities. Still, the Democrats say, not only will they want to introduce it, people will cosponsor it. But there is a problem, and I actually think there are two problems with this. The first problem is that most Americans disagree with you. They actually support ICE. According to a recent poll, just one in four Americans thinks we should abolish it. The second problem is that Democrats don’t even agree with their own bill they introduced. They lack the courage of their socalled convictions, because when we offered the ability to bring up the bill, abolish ICE, that they put into the hopper and cosponsored, Democrats said they would vote ‘‘no.’’ They wanted the glory of introducing a bill to the far left of their own party, but they didn’t have the guts to accept the consequences. That is the kind of leadership that the Democrats have to offer. b1445 Mr. Speaker, I am even more confused listening to the Democratic leadership. I was here. I was on the floor. I listened, Mr. Speaker, to the leader on the Democratic side when she said: I recommend voting ‘‘no,’’ or maybe vote ‘‘present,’’ or vote however you want. I am not sure what position she was requesting when she said all three. And I am not sure exactly what the author wanted to do when he put his bill across the aisle and asked the other Members of his own conference to cosponsor it, when he said he would vote ‘‘no,’’ when he had the offer to bring it up on the floor. Does that mean that every bill Democrats put across they really don’t want to support? I am just not sure. Now, we are about to vote on a resolution of the opposite. We want to support the law enforcement officers of 
ICE and will renounce the activist campaign against them. The danger these officers face is no joke. So for those in the back who would like to speak, Mr. Speaker, during this, I would ask that they get quiet for one moment, because six officers of ICE lost their lives defending those. The danger to these officers is real, and it is not a joke. Six officers have died in the line of duty: Special Agent Brian Beliso; Special Agent Timothy Ensley; Special Agent Lorenzo Gomez; Special Agent Scott McGuire; Special Agent David Wilhelm; and Special Agent Jaime Zapata, who was killed by cartel hitmen in Mexico. These agents gave their lives in the line of duty. Thousands more of these agents risk their lives every day on our behalf. I want you to pause for one moment and I want you to think about those agents, think about those families, but think about those thousands of agents who are defending our border. What do they think about a bill that comes across the desk that says you want to abolish them? How much support do you want to give them? How much support do they feel when the leadership, Mr. Speaker, of the Democratic Party says: Vote ‘‘no,’’ vote ‘‘present,’’ just vote how you want? Well, do you know what? When they risk their lives and they stop another human trafficker of modernday slavery and they save another child, I will vote to support them. Or when they stop an amount of drugs coming across and they save American lives, I will support them. Or when they stop MS–13 gang members from coming into any of our communities, I will support them. If only for this reason, agents deserve our gratitude and support. Mr. Speaker, I am confused. I understand there is this growing socialist movement in the Democratic Party, but when does this socialist new Democratic Party believe we should have no borders? I guess it is today. Mr. Speaker, that is not what the Americans have asked for, and that is not what America supports. But then again, Mr. Speaker, I am not sure I understand what the other side supports when they offer a bill and they ask people to cosponsor and then they won’t even vote for it. That is why I am happy to offer Congressman HIGGINS ’ resolution and stand with the women and men of ICE, because I want a safer America. And for those who gave their life for us, I will stand with them, even if it means standing up against a new socialist Democratic Party. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, for personal reasons, I cannot be present for the vote on H. Res. 990. If present I would point out that if Republicans were really serious about assessing the efficiency of ICE, they would have heeded the multiple calls from me and my Democratic colleagues to hold hearings on President Trump’s dreadful family separation policy that has resulted in thousands of families being ripped apart, including the isolation of children and babies. As to the resolution’s language that states ‘‘supports the efforts of all Federal agencies, State law enforcement, and military personnel who bring law and order . . .’’, I strongly support that and the important agency missions including of money laundering, narcotics investigations, cyber crimes, terrorism prevention, and customs enforcement. If present, I would have inquired of my Republican colleagues if they could get the same statement of support of Federal law enforcement agencies from President Trump, given his behavior and statements in Helsinki and the same disdain he has expressed for Federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 990, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT CONFEREES ON H.R. 2, AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018 Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, disagree to the Senate amendment, and request a conference with the Senate thereon. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to instruct conferees at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Peterson moves that the managers on the part of the House at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on Senate amendment to the bill H.R. 2 (an Act to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes) be instructed to insist on section 11101 of the House bill (relating to animal disease preparedness and response) with an amendment to section 10417(d)(1)(B) of the Animal Health Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 8316(d)(1)(B)), as proposed to be added to such Act by such section 11101, to strike ‘‘2023’’ and insert ‘‘thereafter’’. Mr. PETERSON (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the reading be dispensed with. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Minnesota? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XXII, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PETERS on) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we have a lot of anxiety out in the countryside because of trade, because of RFS, because of low prices, and because of weather in my area. What we are trying to do here is avoid another potential problem, and that is what can happen with an animal disease outbreak in this country. In Minnesota, we suffered the biggest animal disease outbreak we have ever seen in this country when we got avian influenza in our turkey flock. It was devastating. The producers lost $113 million. We lost $3 billion in the country, and we saw the effect of not being prepared. This isn’t just a poultry problem. This also relates to footandmouth disease, to PEDv, to cattle fever tick that Congressman VELA has informed me about, and to other diseases that present a serious threat for the viability of the livestock operations in the communities and supply chains across the country that depend on them. In the House bill, we have a provision for $450 million of permanent funding over 5 years for programs, including the National Animal Health Laboratory Network, the National Animal Disease Preparedness and Response Program, and the National Animal Vaccine Bank. The Senate provides an authorization for appropriations, but there is no permanent funding in the Senate bill. While the appropriations committees deserve credit because they have put some funding into these programs over the years, the problem is that APHIS and the people who deal with this at the State level can’t depend on it because you never know what it is going to be from year to year because the appropriators are the ones who have to decide. We want to make this permanent, and we are hoping that the Senate will accede to our ideas. Animal disease programs are important investments in the health of our Nation’s animals, our people, and the security of our food supply. As part of their work on the farm bill, conferees should insist on 10year mandatory funding for animal disease preparedness and response programs to provide the certainty for both the farmers, for the consumers, and for the people who deal with this at the regulatory level. Mr. Speaker, I include my full statement in the RECORD . The mood in farm country is bad. It’s bad because of the Administration’s trade war; it’s 
bad because of declines in farm income; and it’s bad because of volatile weather like the floods in the southern part of my district. Farmers and ranchers are staring a historically bad year in the face, and another hit would mean devastation for many of them. And that’s exactly what an animal disease outbreak would cause. Minnesota is the nation’s largest producer of turkeys. Following an outbreak of avian influenza in 2013 and 2014, it is estimated that poultry producers in my state lost $113 million in existing production, approximately $3 billion nationally, and it cost taxpayers almost $1 billion. Hungry consumers are affected too. The price of a dozen eggs in 2015 was double what it was before the outbreak. This isn’t just a poultry problem. Foot and Mouth Disease, PEDv, Cattle Fever Tick and other diseases present a serious threat to the viability of livestock operations and the communities and supply chains across the country that depend on them. Outbreaks mean culling animals and suspending production, and because fewer animals come into processing facilities, layoffs in local communities. Disease outbreaks also impact farmers who grow feed. One study estimates that a future outbreak of Foot and Mouth Disease could cost corn growers $44 billion and soybean growers nearly $25 billion. And there’s a national security aspect to animal disease preparedness. The bipartisan Blue Ribbon Study Panel on Biodefense found that our current commitment to animal disease outbreaks leaves us vulnerable to attack on our food supply. If we are serious about addressing these outbreaks, we must invest in preparation and response tools to tackle these diseases early. That level of effort is impossible without long term funding certainty. Currently, the House bill provides $450 million in mandatory funding over five years for programs including the National Animal Health Laboratory Network, the National Animal Disease Preparedness and Response Program, and the National Animal Vaccine Bank. The Senate provides an authorization for appropriations, but no mandatory funding. While the Appropriations Committees deserve credit for providing some funding for these programs in their bills, animal health is not a shortterm issue or an issue we should short change. APHIS, state officials, and producers need to know that adequate funding for these programs is going to be available for their work to pay off. Animal disease programs are important investments in the health of our nation’s animals, our people, and the security of our food supply. As part of their work on the farm bill, conferees should insist on tenyear, mandatory funding for Animal Disease Preparedness and Response Programs to provide the certainty that both farmers and consumers need. I am submitting for the RECORD a letter in support of these provisions from the Animal Agriculture Coalition, which represents livestock producers and animal health professionals nationwide. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the motion to instruct, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the ranking member’s motion is very much in the spirit of the House position. I am really appreciative of that. Quite frankly, it makes our bill better. H.R. 2 makes the historic commitment to protecting our Nation’s livestock herd and, frankly, our national security by establishing and funding forwardlooking animal health initiatives that address existing and emerging pest and disease threats. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to continuing this discussion in conference, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support the motion, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my colleague’s motion, and I ask Members to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to instruct. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to instruct. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on the motion to instruct will be followed by 5minute votes on: Suspending the rules and adopting H. Res. 990; Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 1037; Ordering the previous question on H. Res. 1001; and Adopting H. Res. 1001, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 392, nays 20, not voting 16, as follows: [Roll No. 336] YEAS—392 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall 
Amash Biggs Brat Brooks (AL) Garrett Gohmert Gosar Griffith Harris Hice, Jody B. Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Labrador Massie McClintock Perry Posey Rokita Sanford 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas Castor (FL) DeSantis Duncan (SC) Gaetz Goodlatte Hanabusa Moore Richmond Roby Shuster Speier Walz 
b1520 Messrs. BIGGS, LABRADOR, MASSIE, JONES, JODY B. HICE of Georgia, ROKITA, JORDAN, BROOKS of Alabama, BRAT, GOSAR, GARRETT, and KELLY of Mississippi changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. DUNCAN of Tennessee, TIPTON, FERGUSON, Mrs. NOEM, Messrs. COOK, SMITH of Texas, and SAM JOHNSON of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to instruct conferees was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 336. 
SUPPORTING UNITED STATES IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS ENFORCEMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 990) supporting the officers and personnel who carry out the important mission of the United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 244, nays 35, answered ‘‘present’’ 133, not voting 16, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—35 
Amash Brown (MD) Castro (TX) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Correa Crowley Davis, Danny Demings DeSaulnier Doggett Espaillat Gomez Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Huffman Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Meeks O’Rourke Panetta Rush Schakowsky Schiff Serrano Soto Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Green, Gene Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schneider Scott (VA) Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Torres Tsongas Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—16 
Allen Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas Castor (FL) DeSantis Duncan (SC) Gaetz Hanabusa Peterson Richmond Roby Shuster Speier Walz 
b1529 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 337. 
AUTHORIZING NATIONAL EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES MEMORIAL FOUNDATION TO ESTABLISH COMMEMORATIVE WORK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1037) to authorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its environs, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 414, nays 0, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin 
Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Duncan (SC) Gaetz Hanabusa Peterson Richmond Roby Shuster Speier Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 6147, and that I may include tabular material on the same. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 996 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 6147. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ) kindly take the chair. b1623 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6147) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Mr. HULTGREN  (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 39 printed in House Report 115–830 offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ) had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 42 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to terminate or restructure the Great Lakes Advisory Board, a Federal advisory committee chartered under the Federal Advisory Committee Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Wisconsin. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, let me thank the committee for supporting me in my very important amendments last evening, and I have another very important amendment that is before the committee here today. Mr. Chair, I urge support for my amendment that would prevent the administration from dismantling the EPA’s Great Lakes Advisory Board. I am so pleased that this bill has again rejected the President’s proposal to gut the GLRI, and this amendment would prevent them from dismantling the advisory board. Mr. Chairman, this is a critical matter for anyone who drinks water. The Great Lakes provide drinking water to some 40 million people. Let me say that again. Forty million people depend on this resource for one of life’s basic requirements, water, not to mention anglers and recreation. As an old African proverb goes, water has no enemies. So, hopefully, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative is something that we are going to recognize as having played a critical role in protecting and restoring one of America’s greatest national treasures, a life sustaining element, water. Just to mention, not to bore people with a lot of statistics, but the Great Lakes contain about 21 percent of the world’s surface freshwater and more than 80 percent, 85 percent, of the freshwater in North America. This is indispensable. As critical as this funding is, it is also important that the EPA receive advice and input from local stakeholders regarding priorities under that program. The Great Lakes Advisory Board provides such advice. EPA established the board in 2013 to provide independent advice to the EPA administration in its capacity as chair of the Federal Great Lakes Interagency Task Force. Some of the past activities of the advisory board have been providing the EPA with recommendations regarding what are the most significant stressors and needs for the Great Lakes ecosystem; providing the EPA with recommendations on ways to ensure effective public input into the Great Lakes action plan process; and providing advice on whether the GLRI should invest in efforts to understand longterm, future threats and communicate them to the Great Lakes community for action. In light of reports of efforts to undermine the board, on a bipartisan basis, I joined colleagues in writing to the EPA earlier this year to make clear that we support the establishment and maintenance of the board. My amendment would put teeth behind this letter and make it clear to the administration what congressional intent is regarding this important advisory board. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, this bill is consistent with years past that provided robust funding for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. Therefore, this is an initiative I can support and we accept. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the gentleman from California. He is a very effective leader on this issue. I appreciate him. An effective Great Lakes Advisory Board is vital to ensuring that the GLRI remains successful and impactful today and in the years to come. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . MULLIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 43 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce the final rule entitled ‘‘Oil and Natural Gas Sector: Emission Standards for New, Reconstructed, and Modified Sources’’ published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on June 3, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 35824). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would prohibit funds from enforcing the Obama administration EPA methane rule. This rule is currently facing litigation uncertainty, and Congress must act to block this jobkilling regulation estimated to cost our economy $530 million annually. While oil and gas production has increased more than 25 percent since 2005, related methane emissions have actually decreased almost 40 percent during the same time period. It is counterproductive for the Federal Government to enact harmful regulations that cause inefficiencies, recklessly spend taxpayer dollars, and force hardship upon jobcreating industries. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, the gentleman’s amendment would block the EPA from regulating methane emissions from sources in the oil and gas sector. Methane is a primary component of natural gas and is a potent greenhouse gas with global warming potential more than 25 times greater than carbon dioxide. b1630 In 2013, nearly onethird of the methane emissions in the United States came from oil and gas production, processing, transmission, and distribution. There is no doubt, no doubt at all that methane contributes to the increased levels of greenhouse gas concentrations, which will contribute to longlasting changes in our climate such as rising global temperatures, sea level rising, changes in weather and precipitation patterns. 
Public health risks include more heat waves and drought, worsening smog, increased intensity of extreme weather events, and increasing the range of ticks and mosquitoes, which can spread diseases such as Lyme disease, West Nile Virus, and Zika. The disgraced former EPA administrator, Scott Pruitt, tried to delay this rule, but the courts blocked that effort and ruled that the EPA cannot delay implementation. When is the majority going to stop the assault on the environment? Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ). Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, the EPA has imposed these substantial competitive barriers, despite the industry’s significant reduction in methane emissions through their own initiatives and innovation. What is not known is that through the EPA’s own analysis, it shows that methane emissions from hydraulically fractured gas wells have actually fallen dramatically. According to EPA data— not my data, but EPA data—methane emissions from oil and gas production declined by 38 percent from 2005 to 2012, and methane emissions from hydraulically fractured natural gas wells have plummeted 73 percent since 2011. Total methane emissions from natural gas systems actually are down 11 percent since 2005, despite the significant production increases over this time period. This is a prime example of market forces at work. American producers developed innovative means of capturing additional methane because doing so means they have more product to sell. Profitability, rather than a topdown Washington regulation, drove this unprecedented emissions reduction. In fact, in 2012 alone, voluntary methane emission reductions activities by the U.S. oil and gas industry generated $364 million in additional revenue. Unfortunately, the methane rule represents the kind of onesizefitsall policy that will actually stifle innovation and discourage further investment in emission reduction technology. Actually, as a result, the EPA’s methane rule, if allowed to stand, will not only lead to economic harm, but environmental harm as well. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I believe I have the right to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, EPA was directed by the President to take a second look at the methane rule promulgated by the Obama administration. In conjunction with that review, EPA attempted to provide the regulating community with some certainty by postponing some implementation dates. However, the courts have blocked that from happening. In light of these challenges, the time is ripe for a temporary pause on the enforcement of these requirements, so I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to close. Well, simply put, I urge our colleagues on both sides to come together and kill this jobkilling regulation and support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, as I said, I oppose this amendment. Climate change threatens the health and welfare for current and future generations. As the gentlemen have pointed out, Mr. Chairman, industry has moved— has moved, in part, because of pressure from the EPA, and, in part, because of just the financial loss of allowing this methane gas to escape into the atmosphere. It is dollars that are burning up. These are precious resources that we are taking from the Earth, and we should make sure that we don’t waste any of it, and that is why I think the EPA rule should not be delayed. As has been pointed out, industry has the ability to capture this methane. It has the ability to make money from it, and I want to just make sure that we encourage everyone in the industry to move forward. Mr. Chairman, let me the give you an example. The Bakken Oil Field, which is in North Dakota—I am very familiar with it because I spent many a summer in that area—burns brighter than the entire metropolitan area of the Twin Cities at night because of the flares from the methane that are being burnt. That energy should be captured. It should be saved. We should be conservationists for future generations. We must take action, and I encourage my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . MULLIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 44 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to prepare, propose, or promulgate any regulation or guidance that references or relies on the analysis contained in— (1) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Executive Order 12866’’, published by the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Carbon, United States Government, in February 2010; (2) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Technical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Executive Order 12866’’, published by the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Carbon, United States Government, in May 2013 and revised in November 2013; (3) ‘‘Revised Draft Guidance for Federal Departments and Agencies on Consideration of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and the Effects of Climate Change in NEPA Reviews’’, published by the Council on Environmental Quality on December 24, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 77802); (4) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Technical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Executive Order 12866’’, published by the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Carbon, United States Government, in July 2015; (5) ‘‘Addendum to the Technical Support Document on Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Executive Order 12866: Application of the Methodology to Estimate the Social Cost of Methane and the Social Cost of Nitrous Oxide’’, published by the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases, United States Government, in August 2016; or (6) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Technical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Executive Order 12866’’, published by the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases, United States Government, in August 2016. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would prohibit funds from implementing the Obama administration’s social cost of carbon rule. Congress and the American people have repeatedly rejected cap and trade proposals. The Obama administration continuously used social cost of carbon models, which could be easily manipulated in order to attempt to justify new job killing regulations. The House has a clear, strong record of opposition to the social cost of carbon, voting at least 11 times to block, defund, or oppose the proposal, including H. Con. Res. 119, which we will be considering later this week. A carbon tax would be passed along to consumers, undermining the success of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act we passed last year. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is a very harmful rider, and it would prohibit the EPA from considering the social cost of carbon as part of rulemaking. The social cost of carbon is an estimate of economic damages associated with small increases of carbon dioxide emissions in a given year. It represents the best scientific information available, incorporating the impacts from carbon pollution into regulatory analyses. Weakening or eliminating use of social cost of carbon as a tool for Federal agencies that would ignore the sobering cost of health, environment, and economic impacts of extreme weather, rising temperatures, intensifying smog, and other impacts. We cannot afford to abandon science while trying to tackle climate change, so I strongly oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ). Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. It would prohibit funds from being used to advance guidance or make rules that rely on Obamaera social cost of carbon guidance. I have heard from folks in Montana who cannot get a permit to expand a coal mine because they didn’t account for the carbon released by the trains that would carry the coal. I have heard of the difficulties of building railroad bridges because they might allow more coal to be transported. We must stop relying on metrics that were designed by the keepitinthe ground crowd. Similar language passed, on a bipartisan vote, here in the House last September. I urge adoption of the amendment. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ). Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, garbage in equals garbage out. We have heard this on numerous occasions. And in this instance, the international—or correction—the Interagency Working Group has chosen to disregard the policy decisions from OMB Circular A–4 regarding how they set the modeling. And as a result of that, they have—interestingly, the analysis generated by them would have been 80 percent lower than the mean SCC value if they had followed the guidance. And the result overstates the benefits by at least four times relative to what it would be if only the national benefits were considered as OMB directs. This is a blatant pattern of disregard, Mr. Chairman, for the OMB guidance in order to inflate the SCC and begs the question how many input decisions were responsible where responsible people could disagree were selected in order only to inflate the SCC value. Let’s restore the faith and vote for this amendment. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ). Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend for bringing this amendment. It is an important amendment to people that matter very much. John Dingell is a man of integrity. I feel I know his heart. He has a huge heart, and we disagreed on many issues, but I know him as a man of integrity. He was told he had to push through the cap and trade that would have gotten into costing people for this so called cost of carbon, and he said it is not only a tax, it is a great big tax, and he lost his chairmanship. But what John Dingell knows, what I know is when you start creating taxes on fuel, the people that get hammered the worst are the Nation’s poorest among us. That is who it gets passed to. That is who gets crushed. Let’s don’t do this to the hardworking, poorest among us. Let’s vote for the Mullin amendment. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I would just like to reiterate again: We should be using the best scientific information available, and we should be incorporating the impacts from carbon pollution into regulatory analysis. When we see children being hospitalized because of intense smog, more people suffering respiratory and heart disease, and other impacts from that, we all pay for that. Whether we pay for it in emergency room visits, we pay for it in our insurance, there are many ways in which we are individually paying for the pollution that is created, let alone recognizing the effects it has on climate change. So, simply, again, we cannot afford to abandon science while trying to tackle climate change, and I strongly oppose the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 45 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. lll. There is appropriated for grants for lead reduction projects under section 1459B of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–19b) $10,000,000, to be derived from a reduction of $10,000,000 in the amount provided in this Act under the heading ‘‘Environmental Protection Agency—Environmental Programs and Management’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Wisconsin. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to rise today to offer an amendment to increase resources available to help address a scourge that is occurring in so many of our communities: lead poisoning. My district is facing its challenges like so many in our country, and the Federal Government must do its part by ensuring that we provide the resources to address this scourge. Two of the most prominent vectors are old housing and old water infrastructure, lateral lead pipes. My amendment would attempt to address just one of the sources of lead, old lateral lead pipes, while recognizing the need to address housing when the appropriate funding bill comes to the floor. Mr. Chairman, we know that children throughout America are at risk of a major public health crisis given aging drinking water infrastructure and housing stock. In my district alone, there are tens of thousands of lead service lines that pose a threat to the public health of children. We have heard so much about Flint, Michigan, but I can tell you that lead poisoning in my district mirrors that of Flint, Michigan. I mean, Mr. Chairman, there just are no safe levels of lead for children. b1645 As noted in a recent report by The Pew Charitable Trusts: ‘‘In the absence of lead, hundreds of thousands of children would be more likely to realize their full potential thanks to higher grade point averages, a better chance of earning high school diplomas, and graduating from college, and a reduced likelihood of becoming teen parents or becoming convicted of crimes.’’ Yet lead exposure remains a serious threat for far too many kids and their families in our country. The only way to remove lead pipes as a source of lead contamination is to completely remove them. That is the goal that I joined with my former and dearly loved colleague, the late great Louise Slaughter, in writing to urge the EPA in March of this year to update its lead and copper rule to require 
the full replacement of lead service lines. But both public utilities and private homeowners are hard pressed to finance this needed work. It is my understanding that the average cost can be somewhere between $6,000 to $8,000 to replace such lines, which is an unimaginable sum for many of the households that our constituents live in. My amendment would provide funding for one of the newest tools that Congress created in the 2016 WRDA bill to help communities address lead pipes. This program provides grants for lead reduction projects that help reduce the concentration of lead in drinking water by, among other uses, providing assistance to lowincome homeowners to replace lead service lines. Recognizing the need, Congress authorized the program at $60 million per year; yet it received only $10 million in the fiscal year 2018 omnibus appropriations bill. While I would like to get closer to the authorized level, my amendment is modest and pragmatic and would simply continue funding for this program at the fiscal year 2018 level. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, the fiscal year 2018 bill included $10 million for EPA to establish a grant program to provide funds to States and communities for lead reduction projects as authorized in the 2016 WIIN Act. I might also point out that we now have a WIFIA program that is in the bill, which will allow for communities throughout the country to leverage up to $5 billion annually, and maybe more in the future, in their communities for such things as lead reduction within their towns and counties. Mr. Chairman, therefore, this is an amendment we can accept, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his stewardship and for his recognition of the importance of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MRS . MCMORRIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 46 printed in House Report 115–830. Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. lll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to implement, or to require the State of Washington to implement, the final rule entitled ‘‘Revision of Certain Federal Water Quality Criteria Applicable to Washington’’ published on November 28, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 85417). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington. Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to reverse the past administration’s decision to implement unattainable water quality standards through the Environmental Protection Agency, EPA. I want to be clear that this amendment is not about opposing clean water standards. This is an amendment to support the work that Washington State, which has an impeccable environmental record, undertook. Washington developed their own standards for more than 190 pollutants after more than 3 years of research, outreach, and public feedback. These requirements would have already been some of the most rigorous nationwide, but EPA rejected them. For example, Spokane, the largest city in my district, invested $340 million in the firstofitskind water treatment facility. This facility was celebrated, and the Republican mayor was invited to the White House by President Obama to celebrate this investment as a model for cities to work with residents to meet new environmental standards. The problem? Even this stateofthe art facility would not be able to meet the immeasurable EPA standards. Spokane Valley, another major city in my district, is facing an estimated $1 billion for municipal and industrial compliance costs because of these rules. This will affect companies like Inland Empire Paper Company, which has been in business since 1911. Right now, the PCB standards that the previous administration imposed will force them to limit their cardboard recycling capabilities and force them to send these products to landfills. We often hear the term ‘‘best available science.’’ Well, these requirements cannot even be measured by the scientific community. They are unattainable. It is not new for the EPA to abuse their power in the name of clean water. In Washington State, we saw this abuse of Federal authority with the What’s Upstream? campaign and its efforts to misrepresent our farmers and ranchers. When the Federal Government enacts a policy, it should not be pouring Federal dollars into lobbying for its support. Requirements that can’t even be measured are an abuse of trust, and it is vital that we fix this problem now, which is why my amendment limits funds to implement EPA’s water quality standards that preempt Washington State’s. This amendment will allow flexibility and reasonable guidelines for States to move forward with water quality standards that can be measured and met. Mr. Chairman, I urge support, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, as has been pointed out, this amendment would prohibit the implementation of Washington State’s revised water quality criteria. This standard protects communities from exposure to toxic contaminants, such as PCB, arsenic, and mercury in the fish that they eat. Being from Minnesota, Mr. Chairman, I understand fish advisories very well. I often see signs that limit fish consumption for pregnant women, and for children in particular. This action, however, would ignore court decisions and the voices of Native American Tribes, AsianPacific Islander communities, and fishing interests, all of which agree that seafood consumption standards are necessary in order to protect public health and water quality. In fact, the Northwest Indian Fisheries Commission has asked that Congress reject this amendment because it puts the treaty rights that have been protected and the resources of Tribes in Washington at risk. Many native families subsist on the fish that they catch. Passing this amendment lowering water quality standards puts these families at greater risk of poisoning from their traditional foods. There is a lot of funding in this bill and some of the other bills that we have on the floor, Mr. Chairman, that work to prevent diabetes or to lower risk from diabetes with high blood sugar. Tribal nations are finding that returning to native foods, such as fish, is a great and excellent way of preventing or reducing the effects of diabetes. But after years of failure by Washington State to propose a protective standard, EPA finally put forth a standard which is more protective and meets the Clean Water Act requirements. Now, I understand that the regulated community has always been uneasy about what stricter standards might be. The revised water quality criteria take steps to address their concerns. The standard approved the use of new implementation tools, including a longer compliance schedule and intake credits. An intake credit means that, if the water comes to you with a pollutant and you don’t discharge it, you are not responsible for having to remove it. So if you didn’t pollute it, you are not responsible for cleaning it up. 
This amendment would circumvent all of the work that has been done to devise a standard that protects public health and water quality. Furthermore, Washington State officials believe that, despite the Congresswoman’s good intentions—and I do believe that these are good intentions—this amendment would hurt the State of Washington. It would not actually help the dischargers. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentlewoman yield? Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I certainly support her amendment. Under the previous administration, EPA proposed this stringent water regulation standard in Washington State without utilizing sound scientific data or evidence. In doing so, EPA created regulatory uncertainty and imposed unachievable permit levels on the State, which are costly and nearly impossible for industries to comply with. I encourage the State, the Tribes, and the EPA to continue to work together to find agreeable standards that improve water quality and human health while, simultaneously, providing clarity to the impacted communities and industries. In the meantime, though, I certainly urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, when humans consume contaminated fish, it results in serious health impacts, such as cancer, organ damage and reproductive dysfunction, or impairment in brain development. High fishconsuming communities— as I have mentioned, Native American Tribes and AsianPacific Islander communities—need the protections afforded by this revised water quality standard. I would like to, for the RECORD , again state that this amendment is not supported by the State of Washington or the Tribal communities in the area. I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Clearly, more work needs to be done. I look forward to having this amendment not pass and for people to get down to doing the serious work that needs to be done to address the gentlewoman’s concerns. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 47 OFFERED BY MR . 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 47 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce the final rule entitled ‘‘Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Fuel Efficiency Standards for Medium and HeavyDuty Engines and Vehicles—Phase 2’’ published in the Federal Register on October 25, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 73478 et seq.), with respect to trailers. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Chairman, under the Clean Water Act, Congress gave the Environmental Protection Agency the authority to regulate any air pollutant from any class or classes of new motor vehicles or new motor vehicle engines which may be reasonably anticipated to endanger public health or welfare. To avoid any ambiguity, Congress further defined the term ‘‘motor vehicle’’ as a ‘‘selfpropelled vehicle designed for transporting persons or property on a street or highway.’’ Until recently, regulators understood, as any reasonable person would, that the term ‘‘selfpropelled vehicle’’ only applies to vehicles that can move on a roadway under their own power, such as cars, pickup trucks, semi trucks, SUVs, or vans. Never was a trailer, whether a utility trailer pulled by a pickup truck, a boat trailer pulled by a car, or a cargo trailer pulled by a semi considered a selfpropelled vehicle, and, therefore, these were never under the regulatory authority of the EPA. However, in 2016, without any authority of Congress, the EPA extended its regulatory authority and included cargo trailers in the rules for greenhouse gas emissions and fuel efficiency standards for onroad, heavyduty vehicles and engines. This rule will require cargo trailers to add components that, in some cases, have shown to improve aerodynamics, resulting in some improvement in fuel efficiency. However, this blanket policy, which has resulted from regulatory overreach, is not only costly to consumers, but, in some cases, is counterproductive to the Agency’s own mission of promoting clear, clean air policies and practices. The additional weight of these aerodynamic components that are being mandated by the EPA will cause carriers to significantly limit the amount of cargo a single trailer can carry and still stay within DOT weight restrictions. Therefore, carriers have to put more trucks on the highway to carry the same amount of goods. Obviously, more trucks mean more carbon emissions without any measurable improved efficiency. If the EPA is able to enforce this regulation, it will not only be counterproductive to the environment, but also very costly to American consumers. b1700 The trucking industry has made significant strides in recent years to improve fuel efficiency and reduce air pollution, without the government mandates. This amendment simply prevents the EPA from using any funds in this act to regulate trailers under the greenhouse gas rule. Congress never extended to the EPA the authority to regulate trailers under the Clean Air Act, because trailers are not and have never been considered selfpropelled vehicles. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this commonsense amendment, so we can put an end to this blatant regulatory overreach. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. POEof Texas). The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, this amendment would prohibit the EPA from implementing or enforcing its greenhouse gas and fuel efficiency standards for mediumand heavyduty engines. Specifically, this amendment carves out an exemption for trailers. These fuel standards were jointly developed by the EPA and the Department of Transportation, and they will improve fuel efficiency and cut carbon pollution to reduce the impacts of climate change. In fact, the EPA and DOT estimate that these standards will lower CO2 emissions by approximately 1 billion metric tons and cut fuel costs by $170 million. And cutting fuel costs is always a good thing to go do. These standards will achieve greenhouse gas emission reductions that are nearly equal to those associated with all the energy used by U.S. residents in 1 year. These efficiency fuel standards have been in place since 2016, and companies around the world have already made massive investments in the cleaner technology. Blocking the rule now would have negative consequences for human health and the environment, but also for the economy. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to 
the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH ), and I thank him for his hard work on this amendment. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman very much, and I appreciate my colleague for introducing this amendment. He is absolutely right. The Clean Air Act never gave the EPA this authority. They just created it out of thin air. Their rationale is kind of interesting, because they took the authority that said that they could regulate new motor vehicles or new motor vehicle engines, and then the definition of new motor vehicle meaning any selfpropelled vehicle designed for transporting persons or properties on a street or highway, and applied it to trailers. They are not selfpropelled. When I asked Janet McCabe, who was the Acting Director of the Air Division of the EPA, when she came in front of the Energy and Commerce Committee how in the world could they do this, and I presumed she wasn’t a lawyer and she said: Well, yes, I am. I was surprised, because the language is pretty clear. They don’t have the ability to do that. She said: Well, you can’t haul any goods if the trailer is not attached to a truck. That is not in the code. The code says that they only have authority over selfpropelled vehicles. They created this out of whole cloth. It doesn’t make any sense to allow an agency to create law. That is our job, and I told her that that day. I said: Look, you think this needs to be changed, bring in a bill, and we will discuss it. They have never done that. They don’t have authority. We shouldn’t fund something that is clearly illegal based on the plain English reading of the terms. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Chairman, I urge all of my colleagues to join the gentleman from Virginia and myself in support of what is a commonsense upholding of our constitutional authority as the legislative branch, and I encourage a ‘‘yea’’ vote on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, this rule promotes a generation of cleaner, more fuel efficient trucks. President Obama was right when he said: ‘‘We are the first generation to feel the impact of climate change and the last generation who can do something about it.’’ This amendment is harmful, and I urge my colleagues to reject it. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 48 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement or enforce the threatened species listing of the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse is a tiny rodent with a body approximately 3 inches long, a 4 to 6inch long tail, and large hind feet adapted for jumping. This largely nocturnal mouse lives primarily in streamside ecosystems in Wyoming and Colorado. To evade predators, the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse can jump up to 18 inches high, like a miniature kangaroo. But this little acrobat’s most famous feat was its leap onto the endangered species list back in May 1998, a move that has since hindered development on the front range of Colorado, from Colorado Springs, Colorado, to the Wyoming border. Among projects that have been affected are the Jeffco Parkway southeast of Rocky Flats, an expansion of the Chatfield Reservoir, and housing developments in El Paso County along tributaries of Monument Creek. Builders, landowners, and local governments in affected areas have incurred hundreds of millions of dollars in added costs because of this mouse. Protecting the Preble’s mouse has even been placed ahead of protecting human life. On September 11, 2013, Colorado experienced a major flood event that damaged or destroyed thousands of homes, important infrastructure, and public works projects. As a result of the Preble’s mouse’s listing as an endangered species, many restoration projects were delayed as Colorado sought a waiver. Moreover, the scientific evidence simply does not justify these delays or the millions of taxpayer dollars that go toward protecting a rodent that is actually part of a larger group that roams throughout half of the North American Continent. Several scientific studies have concluded that the Preble’s mouse does not warrant protection because it isn’t a subspecies at all and is actually related to one of the largest and most widespread genetic lineages of North American jumping mice. Even the scientist that originally classified this mouse as a subspecies has since recanted his work. Moreover, the Preble’s mouse has a low conservation priority score, meaning that the hundreds of millions of dollars already spent on protection efforts could have been better spent on other, more fragile species. My amendment would correct the injustice that has been caused by the inaccurate listing of the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse and would refocus the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service’s efforts on species that have been thoroughly scientifically vetted and that should be managed by the Endangered Species Act. This amendment is supported by Citizens Against Government Waste and has previously passed the House of Representatives on three separate occasions, all by bipartisan votes. So I encourage my colleagues to, once again, support this commonsense amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First, I would like to make the case that this is a rider, that this is authorizing on an appropriations amendment, and that the author of the amendment is in the majority. The majority could have a hearing in the authorizing committee. It could come to the floor. It could pass on the floor. The Senate could move it. And it appears to me that President Trump is in a position to sign this into law, should he choose to do so. So there is another alternative vehicle for moving the gentleman’s amendment forward, and that is to do it legislatively and not put it on an appropriations bill. The Senate has chosen to put no riders on their appropriations bill. But the amendment is before us. As pointed out, it would prohibit the Fish and Wildlife Service from implementing or enforcing the threatened species listing of the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse under the Endangered Species Act, and it would restrict the Service from offering any of the critical protections to preserve the species. Now, once a species is listed under the Endangered Species Act, it is the role of Fish and Wildlife, and it is primarily permissive, to help parties comply with the act as they carry out their activities. I also want to make sure the RECORD  is clear that Fish and Wildlife Service reviewed the information claiming an alleged taxonomic error in the listing of the species and found no evidence that the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse is not a valid subspecies. But under this amendment, the Service would not be able to continue to offer to recover this species, though the Endangered Species Act prohibitions would still apply. The Service 
would not be able to work with agencies. The Service would not be able to work with developers. The Service would not be able to work with landowners and others to provide ESA compliance. The Fish and Wildlife Service would be barred from issuing permits or exemptions. This means that landowners, industry, and other parties who might need to take the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse incidental to their otherwise lawful activities, such as urban development, would become vulnerable to thirdparty lawsuits. Additionally, this amendment would also limit the Service from undertaking the required status reviews of the subspecies or from any initial rulemaking to downlist or to delist the species, as appropriate. Mr. Chair, I think it is pretty obvious that this amendment should go through a different way of coming to the floor, and that is through the authorizing committee. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield as much time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, as you know, the House has spoken on this. In last year’s conference report, we directed Fish and Wildlife Service to make this species among its highest priorities for consultation and permit processing. Obviously, the agency has not moved fast enough, and they need to get hopping. So I am sure this amendment will squeak by with all of our support. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. I will just conclude by saying, if the Fish and Wildlife Service worked together with developers, local communities, and other groups, that would be one thing. But when they come in with a hammer and say, you have to do it this way, that is really not working together. That has, unfortunately, been the experience of many parties on the front range of Colorado. Mr. Chairman, I would urge that, once again, we support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. The Service has a statutory requirement to implement the Endangered Species Act. Defunding the agency’s ability to fulfill its legal requirements makes it more vulnerable to lawsuits, and I know that that is something that we are all trying to avoid here. When you have lawsuits, it is an unnecessary cost for the taxpayers. Now, the gentleman’s amendment would undermine the Service’s ability to work collaboratively with States, local governments, communities, and landowners, to conserve this imperiled species. The amendment would create uncertainty for landowners and also make them vulnerable to lawsuits. So we should not pass this amendment. We should be supporting the Fish and Wildlife Service efforts and not blocking the agency from doing its job. Mr. Chair, my commitment to the chairman and to my walking partner in the tunnels as we all come over for votes is to work with them to make the Fish and Wildlife Service more responsible to the gentleman’s concerns. But at this time, I have to oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 49 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 49 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement or enforce the threatened species or endangered species listing of any plant or wildlife that has not undergone a review as required by section 4(c)(2) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533(c)(2)). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. b1715 Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, my amendment is straightforward. It simply ensures that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is following current law, specifically section 4(c)(2) of the Endangered Species Act, by conducting their review of all threatened and endangered plants and wildlife at least once every 5 years. Time after time, the Federal Government refuses to follow the will of Congress when it enacted the Endangered Species Act. The government designates land as ‘‘critical habitat’’ despite not meeting the ESA definition, and the government consistently refuses to remove plants and animals from threatened or endangered status even when those species are flourishing and no longer in need of ESA protections. But you may ask yourself: How does the government know when a species should be removed from the endangered or threatened list? How does the government know if a species is recovering? The answer could be found in the ESA, and it is a requirement that the Federal Government review all plants or species that are currently listed as endangered or threatened every 5 years. Under the Endangered Species Act, the purpose of a 5year review is to ensure that threatened and endangered species have the appropriate level of protection. And because the ESA grants extensive protection to a species, including harsh penalties for landowners and other citizens, it makes sense to regularly verify if a plant or animal is being properly classified or if it should be delisted. Despite this commonsense requirement, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service acknowledged earlier this year that it has neglected its responsibility to conduct the required reviews for nearly 1,000 species. By enforcing the 5year review, my amendment will ensure that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is using the best available scientific information in implementing its responsibilities under the ESA, including incorporating new information through public comment and assessing ongoing conservation efforts. This amendment is supported by Citizens Against Government Waste, the National Mining Association, and the American Farm Bureau, and it has previously passed the House of Representatives on three separate occasions, all by bipartisan votes. I encourage my colleagues to join me in ensuring that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service follows the law, the letter of the law, in the Endangered Species Act and that we do not allow the agency to spend money that would violate current law. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to once again support my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, the Service attempts to comply with the statutory mandate to review the status of listed species every 5 years to determine whether their classification as threatened or endangered is still appropriate. However, the Service has a backlog of such reviews due to funding limitations, such as the 42 percent listing ‘reduction contained in this bill. In this bill, the work that the Service would need to do to comply with what you want in this bill alone is cut $8 million, so that just puts them farther behind. 
In recent years, the Service has only been able to complete 100 to 120 reviews per year, which is less than half of what is needed to keep up with the requirement to review all the species every 5 years. So that falls on Congress for us not giving them the funds that they need to do the job effectively and efficiently as you are requesting, and the way to fix that is to give them the proper funding. But as the gentleman might be aware, the chairman was given level funding this year. He did the very best that he could with what he had to balance things out in the interests of the requests he had from Members of the House, but this particular $8 million cut just makes your problem even worse. This amendment would not remove species, without reviews, from the list of the species protected by the ESA. So the ESA prohibition against take would still remain, as would the ability of citizens to sue to force compliance. If funding cannot be used to enforce the ESA for species with late reviews, that will leave the species unprotected. While the proposed language would prohibit the Service from working with agencies, developers, landowners, and others to provide ESA compliance through section 7 consultations or section 10 permits for Federal or private projects that could potentially affect the species, it would not affect the ability of third parties to sue those agencies or landowners and potentially enjoin their projects due to the lack of ESA compliance. Mr. Chairman, as I said about the last amendment, we don’t need another rider or extraneous provision in this bill. It is already overburdened with many, many riders. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to take this language to the appropriate committees of jurisdiction and work through and see if we can make positive changes and create winwins. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. And I would urge my colleagues, if they want the backlog to change, to help the chairman and me get more money into the allocation of this bill so the chairman and I can work to achieve those goals together. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Two quick responses, then I am going to yield some time. When it comes to funding for the Fish and Wildlife Service, they are just going to have to basically do what every other private or governmental entity, family, and individual has to do, which is prioritize their spending. They have to live within their means. We all have to live within our means. They have to have the priorities where they can do the job with the money that they are given. Number two, I think that maybe my colleague would agree with me that outside environmental groups are largely to blame for bringing massive lawsuits that tie up a lot of the resources of the Fish and Wildlife Service so they can’t be doing their business of protecting the species that they are already supposed to be caring for. So I think they really get a lot of the blame here as well. Mr. Chair, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, I support this amendment. The root of the frustration with the Endangered Species Act is that species rarely get delisted, and people who are directly affected by a listing are condemned to a life of an additional Federal rule indefinitely. Congress tried to prevent this by requiring the Fish and Wildlife Service to review the status of every listed species every 5 years and to downlist or delist species accordingly. Today, the Service has a backlog of 892 species without a current 5year review. Without these 5year reviews, species could be recovered and we wouldn’t even know it. I find this simply unacceptable. Unless the Service focuses its personnel on inherently Federal responsibilities under the ESA and nonFederal partners take the lead on actual recovery, we will never break the contentious and litigious cycle that we have now. And, by the way, we have actually increased the ESA recovery budget in this bill for 5year reviews. So let’s get ESA working again. Mr. Chair, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his remarks. Mr. Chair, I would urge my colleagues to once again support this commonsense amendment, which we have done in the past three different times on a bipartisan basis. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 50 OFFERED BY MR . GOODLATTE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 50 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Environmental Protection Agency to take any of the actions described as a ‘‘backstop’’ in the December 29, 2009, letter from EPA’s Regional Administrator to the States in the Watershed and the District of Columbia in response to the development or implementation of a State’s watershed implementation and referred to in enclosure B of such letter. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 3 minutes. Mr. Chairman, today I rise to urge support for my amendment, which would reaffirm and preserve the rights of the States to write their own water quality plans. My amendment simply prohibits the EPA from using its Chesapeake Bay Total Maximum Daily Load and the so called watershed implementation plans to hijack States’ water quality strategies. Over the last several years, the EPA has implemented a Total Maximum Daily Load blueprint for the six States in the Chesapeake Bay watershed, which strictly limits the amount of nutrients that can enter the Chesapeake Bay. Through its implementation, the EPA has basically given every State in the watershed an ultimatum: either the State does exactly what the EPA says or it faces the threat of an EPA takeover of its water quality programs. Congress intended that the implementation of the Clean Water Act be a collaborative approach, through which the States and the Federal Government work together. This process was not meant to be subject to the whims of politics and bureaucrats in Washington. Therefore, my amendment instructs the EPA to respect the important role States play in implementing the Clean Water Act. I want to make it perfectly clear that this amendment would not stop the EPA from working with the States to restore the Chesapeake Bay, nor would it undermine the cleanup efforts already underway. My language only removes the ability of the EPA to take over a State’s plan or to take retaliatory actions against the State if it does not meet EPAmandated goals. Again, it ensures States’ rights remain intact and not usurped by the EPA. It is important to point out that the correlation between the EPA’s outrageous waters of the United States rule and the Bay TMDL, at the heart of both issues is the EPA’s desire to control conservation and water quality improvement efforts throughout the country and to punish all those who dare to oppose them. The bay is a national treasure, and I want to see it restored, but we know that in order to achieve this goal, the 
States and the EPA must work together. The EPA cannot be allowed to railroad the States and micromanage the process. This amendment has passed the House with bipartisan support several times, and I urge my colleagues to once again vote to ask the EPA to respect the important role States play in implementing the Clean Water Act and prevent another Federal power grab by the administration. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, this amendment would allow those who pollute the Chesapeake Bay to ignore the Environmental Protection Agency’s water quality standards. Restoring the Chesapeake Bay and its watershed continues to be a priority, and a priority for this committee to fund it. The EPA established the mandatory water quality standards and Congress has appropriated over $1 billion for the Chesapeake Bay Program to help States, localities, and businesses meet those needs. This amendment would jeopardize that funding and have devastating effects on the health of the bay. How long will the States and localities be able to meet their obligations that they agreed to in 2014 in the Chesapeake Bay Watershed Agreement if the Federal Government’s financial assistance goes away? This is a partnership. We should keep the partnership moving forward. Furthermore, if this amendment were to become law, it would block the EPA’s ability to enforce the courtordered settlement requiring the farm community and agribusinesses to meet watershed specific pollution limits. It would not, however, relieve the farms and agribusinesses from the requirements in the settlement. The State and local governments want to move forward. They want to keep the partnership moving. But the Farm Bureau and, in fact, some of the industrial operators they represent don’t think that they should be responsible for controlling the pollution that they dump into our rivers and streams across the country. The courts have sided with the EPA on this matter, and the Farm Bureau continues their pursuit to stop mandatory cleanups through judicial appeals and through this amendment. There are enough special interest provisions for big business in this bill already. We don’t need any more. Mr. Chair, I urge defeat of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ). Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, this amendment prohibits the use of funds to take retaliatory actions against individual States. Importantly, this amendment would not prevent the EPA from working with States to restore the bay. In 1985, the States in the Chesapeake Bay region recognized the need to address pollutants in the bay and, through their own initiative, came together to conduct cleanup efforts. These Statedriven efforts were largely successful. As a matter of fact, water quality improved almost 50 percent from 1985 to 2010. However, in 2010, the EPA seized the States’ authority to determine their own continued compliance and threatened to dictate Federal requirements if the States were unable to comply. This 2010 power grab, known as the Chesapeake Bay TMDL, directly contradicts the intent of the Clean Water Act. The Clean Water Act clearly acknowledges State authority in water quality and requires cooperation rather than coercion between the States and the Federal Government. These coercive methods have been tried and imposed and have failed. Actually, water quality has not improved since the federalization of the bay cleanup efforts. It is simply imperative that we return the constitutional rights of the States to make their own water quality improvement decisions and restore the State control that has been shown to actually improve water quality. The future of the Chesapeake Bay depends on it. b1730 Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, it is my pleasure to yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), the chairman of the committee. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I am happy to rise in support of the gentleman’s amendment. This is another example of EPA overreach. It is my hope that my colleagues from Virginia and Pennsylvania can continue to work with the administration to find common ground on approaches that will improve water quality in a more flexible manner. I certainly support this amendment and I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, in closing, let me just say, this amendment does not in any way take any resources away from any of the six States in the Chesapeake Bay region to improve water quality. What it does take away is the ability of the EPA to dictate to those States one way, their way, to do it. The Clean Water Act was written with it in mind that the Federal Government would set the standards and the States would figure out how to meet those standards. And that flexibility has been taken away starting in the Obama administration, and it is time for this Congress to stop them from doing that so that we can have the kind of collaborative effort just described by the subcommittee chairman, Mr. CALVERT , and get back to doing things the right way. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, for more than 35 years, there has been a regional partnership created through the Chesapeake Bay Program, and it sought to restore and protect the Nation’s largest and most productive estuaries. That is a partnership with the Federal Government which includes funding that is working together to achieve those common goals. Now, I have nothing before me saying that the State of Virginia, or any of the regional partners, want to withdraw from this moving forward to continue to clean up this estuary. This amendment would undermine decades of work and decades of Federal dollars that the Federal Government has put in in partnership, and it would have devastating effects to the health of the bay and the economy it supports. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 51 OFFERED BY MR . GALLEGO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 51 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. No funds appropriated by this Act may be used to issue a grazing permit or lease in contravention of section 4110.1 or 4130.11(b) of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chairman, grazing on public lands is a privilege—not a right—and ranchers who use these 
lands should abide by the law and pay their fair share. On average, Federal rates for grazing are more than 90 percent lower than what the private sector charges. In fact, these rates are so low that the government actually loses money administering the grazing program. My amendment would simply reaffirm that grazing permits or leases should not be issued to anyone who refuses to comply with BLM regulations, including the payment of fees. Mr. Chairman, this is a narrow amendment, but it speaks to a broader principle. We can’t claim to support the rule of law and then look the other way when ranchers like Cliven Bundy ignore their obligations. Bundy thumbed his nose at the executive and judicial branches of our government, running up over $1 million in unpaid fees. He then put the lives of local and Federal officials in danger during a standoff at his Nevada ranch. Later, when two Oregon ranchers named Dwight and Steven Hammond, who also have a history of disregarding grazing regulations, were sent to Federal prison for fires they potentially set near Federal lands, members of the Bundy family led an armed occupation of the national wildlife refuge. Mr. Chairman, President Trump recently pardoned the Hammonds, validating these violent tactics and insulting the courageous law enforcement officers who risked their lives during the confrontation in Oregon. With these pardons, Trump has effectively given his blessing to groups who intimidated, threatened, and occupied local communities. He has legitimized Bundy’s extreme rightwing movements. Make no mistake, Donald Trump is sending a clear message to militant and antigovernment organizations: You can break the law, threaten Federal employees, and endanger public safety with complete impunity. That is unacceptable. Mr. Chairman, freeloading on Federal land is unlawful and unfair. Let’s pass my amendment and reaffirm that the ranchers need to play by the rules just like the rest of us. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, this amendment previously failed by recorded vote in July of 2016. The amendment taxed ranchers and attempts to relitigate the Bundy matter. DOJ was found to have withheld evidence and to have violated these ranchers’ rights. There is no reason to relitigate this matter at this juncture. The regulations are already in place. This is an unnecessary political amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chair, let’s face it: Ranchers who refuse to pay what they owe the Federal Government are freeloaders, pure and simple. If you don’t pay your taxes, you go to jail. If you don’t pay your mortgage, you get your house taken away. Ranchers are not more special than any other Americans. They are freeloaders, and they should pay for their freeloading. Congress should not stand for it. Let’s pass my amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman brings up exactly the point I am trying to make. We are trying to relitigate a previously settled issue. It was actually found that these ranchers’ rights were violated by the Department of Justice. We started looking—the Hammonds were brought up. When we were actually looking at this case where they actually tried to look at the fire danger on their land, and it got beyond their lands and on to public land, they were fined exclusively and hardlined. Where is the same type of justice given to the Forest Service or the BLM when their prescribed burn fires go out of hand and take private holdings? It is not the same. This isn’t about freeloading. This is about a case where we need to look at how we take care of our public lands. Mr. Chair, I ask everybody to vote against this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 52 OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 52 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to repeal section 105(a)(2) or section 105(b) of the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 (43 U.S.C. 1331 note). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer a straightforward amendment to prohibit any effort to redirect funds allocated under the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act, which is commonly known as GOMESA. For those who don’t know, GOMESA calls for a Federal revenue sharing agreement between the Federal Government and four Gulf States: Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama. The program is designed to split up revenue from selected oil and gas lease sales in the Outer Continental Shelf of the Gulf of Mexico. The neat thing about GOMESA is it ensures appropriate funding for the coastal areas that provide the workforce, assume the environmental risk, build much of the infrastructure, and support the offshore oil and gas industry. It only makes sense that the coastal areas should receive an adequate share of the revenue. Previously, there have been administrative efforts to direct the money away from the Gulf States, and, instead, devote the resources to national projects. While I appreciate the Trump administration not including any such proposal in this year’s budget, I still believe it is important for Congress to send a clear, bipartisan message that we do not support moving GOMESA funds away from the Gulf Coast. In fact, just this year, the Department of the Interior disbursed almost $188 million to the four Gulf oil and gas producing States. Alabama received $21 million this year, and the two coastal counties in Alabama received an additional combined amount of $5 million. I have seen these GOMESA funds put to good use back in my home State of Alabama, whether it was for environmental rehabilitation protection projects or programs that boost the coastal tourism economy. GOMESA is working by supporting and promoting our Gulf Coast communities. If you talk to our local mayors and county leaders, they will tell you how critically important GOMESA funding is for their region. It would be detrimental to go against congressional intent and redirect these funds away from our respective coastal communities. By including this amendment, we can make clear that Congress does not support reallocating these resources and show our strong support for the Gulf Coast. Mr. Chair, I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 53 OFFERED BY MR . BURGESS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 53 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Environmental Protection Agency to hire or pay the 
salary of any officer or employee of the Environmental Protection Agency under subsection (f) or (g) of section 207 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 209) who is not already receiving pay under either such subsection on the date of enactment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment on an issue I have worked on for several years on the Committee on Energy and Commerce as the authorizing committee. In 2006, the Committee on Appropriations, without an authorization from the Committee on Energy and Commerce, included a provision in the annual Department of the Interior EPA Appropriations bill to allow the Environmental Protection Agency to begin using a special paid program that was explicitly and exclusively authorized for use by the Public Health Service Administration under the Department of Health and Human Services. The special pay mechanism allows a government employee to leave the normal GS pay scale and receive nearly uncapped compensation. This provision was intended to be used only in unique circumstances for leaders in the healthcare industry who would never leave the private sector to work for the Federal Government except for those special, more competitive salaries. Under current law, this justification can never be used at the Environmental Protection Agency. Indeed, some of the employees that the Environmental Protection Agency pays under title 42, the part of the U.S. Code that allows for this special pay, were previous government workers who were merely moved into the special pay scale because they desired more money. The Environmental Protection Agency has claimed in the past that because the Environmental Protection Agency is a health organization, it may use this statute to pay special hires, and the Committee on Appropriations has agreed to let them, despite the authorizing committee’s objection. Originally, the Environmental Protection Agency was granted only a handful of slots to fill with title 42 hires. That number has now increased to over 50. The cost to the taxpayers for these employees is tens of millions of dollars. This amendment would prevent the Environmental Protection Agency from hiring any new employees under title 42, or transferring any current employees from the GS scale to title 42. It would not effect current employees being paid under this provision. This would give the Committee on Energy and Commerce, the authorizing committee, the time it needs to address whether the EPA truly deserves the special pay consideration. The Government Accountability Office looked into the Department of Health and Human Services’ abuse of title 42 several years ago, and found problems with the implementation of this program. Within the Department of Health and Human Services where, arguably, this could be allowed, why would Congress ever allow the Environmental Protection Agency to implement the same problematic pay structure? b1745 In multiple hearings in the Energy and Commerce Committee, both former Administrator Lisa Jackson and former Administrator Gina McCarthy refused to give specifics regarding the program. A Freedom of Information Act request by the EPA union, the American Federation of Government Employees, sent to my office showed that title 42 hires at EPA are, in fact, sowing dissent among workers, with the union asking the Congress to stop this abusive and unfair hiring technique. A report by the Environmental Protection Agency’s own inspector general in 2015 discovered that the EPA did not properly demonstrate a need to use the title 42 hiring authority, nor did it provide clear and convincing justification for its continued use. This is further proof that the Environmental Protection Agency’s use of the title 42 hiring authority must come to an end. I have introduced legislation further clarifying that the Public Health Services Act, written for HHS, does not permit the EPA to use this language to hire employees under a special pay structure. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, as I said earlier, this amendment, like some of the other amendments that we have seen, could be handled in the authorizing committee, which the gentleman is a member of, if memory serves me correctly. The gentleman is in the majority. Call up, have a hearing, pass legislation, and then do it in a way that doesn’t add more burdensome amendments and riders to this bill. The Senate is also controlled by the same party in the majority, and the President is of that party. So I would encourage the gentleman to go through what I would call regular order. This amendment would prohibit the EPA from hiring scientists using its title 42 authority, the flexible hiring mechanism that allows agencies to attract and retain staff with outstanding scientific and technical skills. This authority, as has been pointed out, is used by the EPA, the CDC, the NIH, and other agencies that require candidates who have specialized degrees in areas such as medicine, science, and engineering. It is not always easy for the Federal Government to attract highlevel professionals who have invested many years in school and could easily make more money in private practice or academia. In fact, we have heard that USGS and BLM quite often have problems keeping highly educated engineers in place because the private sector comes and offers them so much more money. So the Federal Government has found it wise to allow these agencies to provide some additional funding to retain and recruit these employees. We should want to have the best and the brightest working for us and the American people—the best doctors, the best scientists, and the best engineers. So I am disappointed that the gentleman does not believe such highly specialized employees deserve the title 42 designation. With our Nation facing crises like Lyme’s disease, PFAS in our drinking water, and climate change, we should be investing in our scientists. We should be encouraging them to seek employment with the Federal Government. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. It is a reasonable amendment. It only affects employees who are new hires in title 42 in the Environmental Protection Agency, not in the CDC and not in NIH. It is an amendment that would allow the authorizing committee an opportunity to catch up with what the Appropriations Committee has done without an authorization. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, once again, this amendment could go through a different order and not be placed onto an appropriations bill. This is a shortsighted amendment. I think it deserves to have a fair and open vetting with the House concentrated on just what this would mean to the EPA. So I don’t think we should attack Federal employees who sometimes have chosen to not receive as much compensation and devote their lives to public service. Mr. Chairman, I urge defeat of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair understands that amendment No. 54 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 55 OFFERED BY MR . EMMER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 55 printed in House Report 115–830. 
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to withdraw National Forest System lands within the Rainy River Watershed on the Superior National Forest from disposition under United States mineral and geothermal leasing laws. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment, which I am pleased to say that I intend to withdraw, because after months of hard work in this Chamber and with the administration, it is no longer necessary. Minnesota is the proud home to the Iron Range, which boasts an abundance of natural resources and critical minerals. When it comes to protecting the environment while developing our economic assets, nobody does it better than Minnesota. Despite this history, on its very last day in office, the Obama administration proposed to withdraw more than 240,000 acres of land in our State from mineral exploration and development. This lastminute action was an assault on our way of life, threatening thousands of jobs and billions of dollars in State revenue and school trust funding. It handicaps our national security by increasing our reliance on foreign sources of minerals. That is why I offered this amendment to stop this foolish action. This amendment is identical to one that was unanimously adopted by this Chamber last year and echoes the good news delivered by the President to thousands of Minnesotans on June 20 when he announced his intent to rescind this arbitrary withdrawal, which is now in process. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I understand that the amendment is going to be withdrawn, but let me explain what this language would have done. To the best of my knowledge, the leases haven’t been permanently withdrawn yet. This language would have prevented the Forest Service and the Interior Department from acting to protect our Nation’s most visited wilderness area. The Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness is located in northern Minnesota, and it is one of the last truly undisturbed wild places in America. It is a national treasure, and it is under threat from sulfideore copper mining. The proposed mine is next to the wilderness. There is no buffer, and there is no barrier here. It is literally in the same water. Sulfideore mining is the most toxic industry in America. It pollutes waterways with acid drainage that contains arsenic, mercury, and lead. The Forest Service recognized how damaging this type of mining could be to the Boundary Waters, so they proposed a 20year halt to Federal mine leases in the watershed. They were urged to study this withdrawal by our Governor from Minnesota, Tribal Governments, and people from all across America who were worried that sulfide mining could destroy the surrounding waters and lands. They have a right to be worried. All these mines have failed. In 2014, a sulfideore mine in British Columbia failed, dumping billions of liters of toxic sludge, causing permanent environmental damage. So the Forest Service wisely decided to conduct a sciencebased assessment to see if mineral withdrawal would make sense for the waterintensive ecosystem of our Boundary Waters. Now, Mr. Chairman, despite what you might hear about what the gentleman said, the proposed mining withdrawal is not some overreach or some past or current administration being out of line. In 1976, Congress established this exact review process under the Federal Land Policy and Management Act. Congress intentionally provided a way to protect our country’s natural treasures and vulnerable places. If the gentleman’s amendment would have come to the floor for a vote and would have passed again, it would have stopped that review process. It would make the withdrawal study meaningless, because it dictates the outcome. If this amendment had been on the floor and it would pass, the withdrawal of the Boundary Waters from sulfide ore mining would have been off the table no matter what the study would have said is best for the wilderness. In every conversation I have had, and I have had many, with Secretary Zinke and Secretary Perdue, they have told me the same thing: The study should be completed. So I hope my colleagues and the President would reject having these leases go through without having a study. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ), who is my colleague from Minnesota and coauthor of this amendment. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. EMMER for yielding. The lady, for whom I have enormous respect, has failed to mention the fact that this or any other project anywhere in the country, let alone the State of Minnesota, would be, nevertheless, subject to endless reviews by the Environmental Protection Agency, some of which take up to 10 and 12 years. So it is not as though we are approving a mining project here. It is going to have to undergo rigorous review. As my colleagues from Minnesota know, I was an original sponsor of the 1978 Boundary Waters Wilderness legislation. I am very proud of that fact. I want everybody to know here that, at the time, we made a solid commitment to preserve and to protect some 1.1 million acres out of the Superior National Forest for the BWCA, to protect it from all manmade harm and damage to the environment. But we also made a commitment to reserve the remainder of the Superior National Forest for mixeduse purposes and specifically cited recreation and forestry. The U.S. Forest Service described mining as a desirableuse purpose. In fact, that was the forestry service at that time. Our word is our bond in this business. This amendment will uphold that hard fought compromise. The simple truth is that we have been mining on the Iron Range for 130 years, yet we have the cleanest water in the State of Minnesota and perhaps the country. We are going to do everything we can to make sure that we keep it that way. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota has 2 minutes remaining. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ). Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, let me first start off by saying that I have great respect for my colleagues, both Representative EMMER and Representative N OLAN , and the rest of our delegation, Representative MCCOLLUM included. This has been an ongoing debate. I just want to make sure folks understand, know, and can appreciate—and I know the gentleman is going to withdraw the amendment—that hundreds of thousands of people have been weighing in on this ongoing public process, and their comments should not be ignored. That is the bottom line. Nor should we be ignoring a sciencebased assessment of the best management practices that are important for one of Minnesota’s and the country’s national treasures. We should be open to new types of mining in Minnesota, but only when those necessary environmental reviews are met. I refer to the Boundary Waters as Minnesota’s Yellowstone. There is a reason for that. It has a national perspective with hundreds of thousands of 
Americans visiting it each and every year, whether it is canoeing or fishing. That is where some of my best memories in my life have taken place. So I want to make sure—we owe it to ourselves and future generations—that we rely on science before undertaking any activity that would disrupt this fragile ecosystem. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentlewoman for yielding me time, and I want to thank my colleagues for their ongoing discussion on this issue. Mr. Chair, once again my colleagues, Representatives EMMER and N OLAN , are offering this amendment. And while I appreciate my friendship with my Minnesota colleagues, I once again oppose this amendment and rise in opposition. Minnesota has a rich history of taconite mining that dates back generations. However, this amendment is not about taconite mining, it’s about coppernickel mining, which has never been done before in Minnesota and is being proposed within the watershed of the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness, which is one of America’s most visited wilderness areas. An environmental review is currently underway to study the viability of mining this close to the Boundary Water Canoe Area and this amendment would defund that review less than a year before its scheduled completion in 2019. Hundreds of thousands of people, on both sides of the issue, have weighed in on this ongoing public process. Their comments should not be ignored. Nor should we be ignoring the sciencebased assessment of best management practices for one of Minnesota’s national treasures. We should be open to new types of mining in Minnesota, but only when the necessary environmental reviews are met. The Boundary Waters Canoe Area is Minnesota’s Yellowstone. Hundreds of thousands of Americans visit it on fishing and canoe trips annually. Some of the best memories of my life have taken place in the Boundary Waters. We owe it to ourselves and future generations to rely on science before undertaking any activity that could potentially disrupt this fragile ecosystem. I oppose defunding the ongoing environmental review and ask others to vote against the amendment. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), who is the chairman of the Appropriations Committee’s Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, now you know how it feels about California water. I got the drift of this thing. Mr. Chairman, I certainly appreciate the gentleman’s interest on this issue and appreciate the variety of opinions about it. I thank the gentleman, as well as the gentlewoman from Minnesota, who is the subcommittee’s ranking member, for her willingness to work with the committee. As we work together to try to move forward with this bill, I hope a compromise will be found. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time is remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for his work and continued support on this issue. To make a few closing points, nothing about this amendment would allow for mining in the Boundary Waters, period. b1800 In fact, to demonstrate the disconnect and level of misinformation on this issue, my colleagues who stand in opposition to this amendment worked to have report language accompany this bill which incorrectly calls attention to a ‘‘proposal’’ to withdraw lands within the Boundary Waters Canoe Area, despite the fact there is no such proposal and it remains unlawful to mine within the Boundary Waters. Nothing about this amendment eliminates any existing environmental protections. This amendment reinforces the commonsense reality that economic growth and environmental protection do not have to be mutually exclusive. I am pleased to have the support of the House on this very important issue during this 115th Congress. I am pleased to have the pledged support and continued commitment from the administration to end this withdrawal. I am pleased that we will soon be able to get Washington out of the lives of thousands of hardworking Minnesotans. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, I withdraw the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I reserved my time. The gentleman has withdrawn the amendment. Even though the amendment has been withdrawn, I don’t have the right to close or I would have used my time. Could the Parliamentarian instruct me as to if my time is actually gone. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman’s time has elapsed because the amendment was withdrawn. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, we do have a tradition of mining in Minnesota—taconite mining is the new mining—and I just want to reiterate the fact that these leases are for mining and the company that is looking to mine is sulfideore mining. But, Mr. Chairman, I want to close by sharing some words from the founding members of Kids for the Boundary Waters. I have their handwritten notes. To have handwritten notes from America’s young adults these days is pretty special. From Callie: ‘‘This unique place shaped my life. The Boundary Waters helped me to realize my potential.’’ From Henry: ‘‘I have watched year after year as families like my own have grown together in this wilderness.’’ From Julia: ‘‘The pristine, untainted waters of the Boundary Waters are essential to the quality and uniqueness of the journeys of visitors.’’ From Tommaso: ‘‘I am more committed than ever to help preserve and protect this beautiful and unique ecosystem for future generations.’’ From Elsa: ‘‘Once the watershed faces sulfideore copper mining, it will never be the same.’’ From Joseph, who started this organization during his fight with leukemia: ‘‘What cancer has taught me for sure is that sometimes life only gives you one chance to get things right, and this is our one chance to protect the Boundary Waters.’’ I urge my colleagues and others to join me in standing with these young, inspiring people and to oppose the lease renewal. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. AMENDMENT NO . 56 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 56 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement or enforce the rule entitled ‘‘National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone’’ published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on October 26, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 65292). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, the purpose of this amendment is to deal with the new rule entitled, ‘‘National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone,’’ which affects several Wisconsin counties that I represent along Lake Michigan. Since the original CLEAR Act came into effect, the Environmental Protection Agency has had the authority to regulate air emissions from stationary and mobile sources. They have—and this is a good thing—over time, progressively come up with new rules, making the standards more and more stringent for the counties along Lake Michigan. If you are ruled a nonattainment, it is a burden. It is a burden on industry that has to spend substantial amounts of additional money dealing with stricter and stricter standards, putting them at a competitive disadvantage compared to other parts of the country and other parts of the world. It is also 
a difficult thing for individual motorists who find their cars have to be repaired. It is very expensive. Some of it is easy for people who have a high salary to deal with. Maybe they don’t have an older car. But I have always felt that some of this disproportionately affects the people who are just struggling to get a goal in life. Therefore, when the EPA comes up with new standards, it is not without effect. They need to come up with new standards they proposed a couple of years ago. The purpose of the amendment is to prevent them from spending money promulgating these new standards so that our industries may have a predictable situation and not be at a competitive disadvantage. I should point out that, insofar as the counties along Lake Michigan are ruled a nonattainment, it may be through no fault of their own. In part, for historical reasons, they have monitored the ozone by placing the monitors real near Lake Michigan, where there are artificially high amounts of ozone. Secondly, we have a situation where, insofar as there are pollutants in the area, almost all of them come from south of Wisconsin, out of Chicago or areas further south. As a practical matter, it can be almost impossible, or even impossible, for these Wisconsin counties to deal with these problems. I have been working with the Environmental Protection Agency on this issue. After introducing the amendment, I have continued to work with the Environmental Protection Agency. While I would like to deal with this problem statutorily, I realize it would be probably better for all concerned if the Environmental Protection Agency, as well as the business community in Wisconsin, and I could reach a conclusion. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, I withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana). The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 57 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 67 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. lll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose or issue any modification to any regulation established in the final rule of the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency entitled ‘‘Disposal of Coal Combustion Residuals From Electric Utilities’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 21301 (April 17, 2015)). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, it is in the spirit of bipartisan, commonsense, and modest safeguards that I sought to offer this amendment that would protect the 2015 Federal coal ash rule. Sadly, late last night, Acting EPA Administrator Wheeler helped cement the toxic legacy of former Administrator Pruitt’s reign over the EPA by rolling back Federal coal ash standards, making this amendment moot. I remind my colleagues that the Obamaera Federal coal ash rule was not rushed nor was it onerous. In fact, some think it didn’t go far enough. After years of debate, input from community and industry stakeholders, and nearly half a million public comments, the Obama administration finalized stringent but pragmatic Federal coal ash regulations to deal with postclosure requirements, groundwater monitoring, and public reporting. The Pruitt proposal, which was announced only 5 months ago, included very few hearings, very little outreach to the public, and last night was finalized. That is warp speed, even for the Trump administration’s swampdriven EPA antiregulation movement. So, no, the 2015 rule was not rushed; the Pruitt rule most certainly was. I also remind my colleagues of the catastrophic 2008 Kingston, Tennessee, coal ash spill and why the Federal Government got in this business to begin with. The Kingston spill was a devastating event. The breach released 5 million cubic yards of coal ash, covering 300 acres in toxic sludge, damaging and destroying homes and property, resulting in $1.2 billion in cleanup costs, mostly borne by the public. The lasting health consequences of that spill, some of which are still unknown, are even worse. Residents still suffer from respiratory illnesses and other side effects. Arsenic levels where the coal ash runoff was disposed of were measured at 100 times, Mr. Chairman, higher than the amount allowed under the Safe Drinking Water Act. The EPA has already said such exposure significantly increases risk of cancers. Earlier this year, lawyers filed suit in Federal court alleging that more than 180 members of this Superfund cleanup now face severe health effects, and 30 individuals have died from the cleanup of this toxic waste. These coal ash spills continue to occur across the country, Mr. Chairman, including in my home State of Virginia, where a neighboring State, North Carolina, had a coal ash pond that spilled more than 39,000 tons of toxic ash and 24 million gallons of wastewater into the Dan River. Though much of the public and media attention to this spill was focused on North Carolina’s regulatory shortcomings, Virginia was exposed to the dangers of the coal ash spill. As a result, Virginia’s Department of Environmental Quality secured a $2.5 million settlement against Duke Energy Carolinas, a fraction of the cost of the cleanup. What has happened in Virginia, North Carolina, and Tennessee can happen in any one of our communities that have or are near coal ash impoundment ponds, which is why we must protect the 2015 Federal coal ash rule. Unfortunately, that is not what happened last night. What happened last night will weaken groundwater monitoring and cleanup requirements without considering the widespread evidence of significant groundwater contamination recently revealed by industry’s own data. Already, under the 2015 rule’s reporting requirements, coal ash waste sites across the country displayed evidence of contaminating groundwater. Under Pruitt’s proposal, that data may not even see the light of day. We may not know. We are not going to monitor. Surely, if there is anything we here in Congress can agree on, it is the right of all people to have access to safe drinking water. As a result of the 2015 Federal rules, States are working to close legacy coal ash impoundments and protect water. Under the new finalized agreement that modified that rule last night, that is now in jeopardy. Because of that action, we are going to have to address coal ash in a different way, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman, because of that action, I will be forced to withdraw this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, I withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. AMENDMENT NO . 58 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 68 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION  SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to require changes to an existing placer mining plan of operations with regard to reclamation activities, including revegetation, or to modify the bond requirements for the mining operation. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alaska. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chairman, Alaska has a long history of placer mining operations, beginning in the early 1800s and continuing through today. In fact, Alaska is one of the few places left, including California, that has placer mining operations. Most placer mining operations are small, but it as a robust industry in Alaska, providing hundreds of jobs and contributing to the growth of rural Alaskan communities. The Bureau of Land Management’s Fortymile plan, finalized in the last days of the previous administration, upended decades of successful placer mining land management in the Fortymile Planning Area. The Fortymile plan imposed an overly complex regulatory framework on smallscale placer mining operations as part of an ongoing effort to discourage mining activity in the area. The Fortymile miners previously agreed to environmental remediation standards, and under the new plan proposed by the BLM, they are expected to reclaim land that they have not mined and mitigate in ways they did not agree to in their approved operation plans. They are expected to remediate land that was impacted by placer mining over 100 years ago, which adds to their financial burden and makes it economically impractical for miners to continue their operations. This language has been included in the appropriations report language by unanimous consent for the last 2 years. This is a necessary piece of legislation and amendment to this bill to make sure the BLM recognizes that miners do have obligations, they have met their obligations, and the agencies have gone against them. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Alaska has been enlightening me more about placer mining, and I appreciate learning more; but I have some questions that remain unanswered, so that is why I have opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. b1815 I understand that between 400 and 600 miles of BLMmanaged streams have historic or active placer mining impacts, and there is a legacy of historic claim with reduction of ecosystem function. Now, BLM continues various outreach activities, including public meetings and interactions with individual miners, and is working with industry to incorporate best management practices and new reclamation techniques to accelerate stream recovery. I think that would be a good thing. Of course, reclamation activities may be necessary, and what they are looking to do is to increase the cost to the miners, which the gentleman is objecting to, if I understand correctly, in order to get these streams and ecosystems back up to function. This amendment would prohibit assessing the cost of the reclamation areas to placer miners who are profiting from mineral extraction on BLM managed land. I personally believe the American taxpayer should not shoulder the burden of the restoration costs, that responsible parties should. So the gentleman will probably be enlightening me over the next couple of months on what he thinks might be able to be worked out so that both parties feel that the burden is not over burdensome, but there is adequate reclamation going forward. Mr. Chair, at this time I have to oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the Dean of the House’s amendment and his dedication to the sound management of natural resources on behalf of constituents in his State. Obviously, mining, and certainly placer mining, is unique to Alaska. Alaska certainly has a unique history when it comes to mineral extraction, probably more than any other State in the Union. It is certainly a big part of Alaska’s economy and the economy of the United States. It is a mutually beneficial enterprise. This amendment is similar to the ones adopted by voice vote in FY17 and FY18, so I certainly urge my colleagues to adopt it by a voice vote yet again. Mr. Chair, I support the amendment. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the comments from the chairman, and especially the comments from the gentlewoman who understands and has opposition. I would like to remind everybody, again, the reclamation was taking place, the mitigation was taking place. They changed the rules after they agreed on it. This is not a newly mined area. This has been mined before. In fact, I just came from there on the Fourth of July. Chicken, Alaska. This is where this mine is. Lots of momandpop operations, retired people. Chicken, Alaska. You know why they call it ‘‘Chicken’’? They couldn’t spell ‘‘ptarmigan.’’ That is why they call that small community that. They are trying very hard, but very frankly, the BLM came in with this plan. It is not working. In fact, they are spending very large amounts of money trying to implement their reclamation concept when it doesn’t work. And I will challenge anybody to show that these miners are not doing their best, but their proposal is trying to put them out of business. I just think that is wrong. If I thought they were doing some harm, I would definitely not be for them. I have been there. I have seen it. I have watched what they are trying to do. An agency, I think, has forgotten their role, and they don’t support mining. BLM is supposed to. And they have made it very nearly impossible for, very frankly, a momandpop operation to do so. So I hope the gentlewoman can see her way to allowing this amendment to this bill. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 59 OFFERED BY MR . PERRY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 59 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to give formal notification under, or prepare, propose, implement, administer, or enforce any rule or recommendation pursuant to, section 115 of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7415). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I want to start by thanking Chairman CALVERT  for this opportunity. Mr. Chair, this amendment prohibits the EPA from using funds for actions pursuant to section 115 of the Clean Air Act. Section 115 of the Clean Air Act allows the agency to mandate State emissions levels to whatever level the agency deems appropriate if, in collaboration with a foreign government, they determine endangerment and if the other government has a reciprocal agreement to prevent or control these emissions in their own nation. Now, this is a backdoor provision that allows the agency to vastly expand its regulatory authority and encroach on the constitutional rights of the States to regulate their own energy sectors, based on the actions of a foreign nation and the whims of the executive branch. It is irresponsible to allow unelected bureaucrats at the EPA to retain the ability to seize such an expansive authority. If the U.S. government wants to pursue such a policy, one that, in my opinion, is constitutionally suspect, it should be done through an explicit congressional delegation of authority on a casebycase basis. A similar amendment has passed the House during the interior and environmental appropriations packages for the 
previous 2 fiscal years, Mr. Chairman. I urge my colleagues to take back our Article I authority and support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, it has been pointed out that this amendment would block the EPA from regulating air pollution under section 115 of the Clean Air Act, which deals with international pollution and allows the United States to work with other countries on transboundary pollution issues. Being a State that borders Canada, we enter into agreements with them many times to make sure that both of our countries are working together in the best interest of their citizens. This gentleman has offered this amendment for a number of years. It used to be the amendment to torpedo the climate change agreement, but President Trump took care of that, so I am a little unclear as to why it is continuing to be offered. Section 115 could be a tool in our toolbox for a path to achieve reduction targets for greenhouse gases. The gentleman’s amendment would prohibit both the EPA and the Trump White House from even developing a wellconsidered recommendation as to whether or not to use this authority. The President might, in some circumstances, want to work with another country to address something. This to me is just the latest in a long line of attacks on clean air and on the EPA’s authority to respond to the urgent threat of climate change. A vote for this amendment is another vote, in my opinion, for climate denial and to block action to curb carbon pollution that is driving our dangerous climate change. We see the hurricanes getting stronger, the wildfires raging stronger, and now we are seeing the glaciers melt. Mr. Chair, so I would urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment and to leave this tool in the toolbox for the Republican administrator at EPA, as well as for the Republican person who is serving in the White House. Let’s leave them one tool in the toolbox in case they want to take it out and use it. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, are we or are we not a sovereign Nation? I think that most people would agree that we are, and, as such, we don’t take issue with the Congress, with the administration doing its job to keep our air clean and to make treaties and provisions with other nations. But what we do take issue with is other nations working with, potentially, this administration, any administration, that comes up with an agreement not ratified by the American people, not ratified by this body or the body on the other side of the Capitol to encroach upon the constitutional rights of States to regulate their own environmental emissions, as provided. So it is not a question of whether we think that the climate isn’t changing, man has something to do with it, or whether it should be regulated or how it should be regulated. It is a question of the authority vested in the Constitution, in these bodies, and the ones that are not. It is not the place of unelected bureaucrats or individuals to make an agreement with some other nation, then to impose itself on the States individually. That is all we are saying here. It has passed on numerous occasions because it is good. The President got us out of the Paris climate agreement, but that doesn’t mean that some other administration in the future might make another agreement that, yet again, the American people had no part in; neither did this body. So this just ensures that if that is the case, we have the protection that this body should provide. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 60 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 60 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to treat the New Mexico meadow jumping mouse as an endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, in the West, water is the key to everything. One small family, the Gosses—I met them my first year in Congress in 2003—has been fighting a 30year, protracted battle with the Forest Service over the water and access to the water. They have been to two different courts, and the courts said, yes, the water is theirs. The Forest Service responded to the first court by fencing the water in. They said the 23 acres around it was their acreage and they couldn’t walk their cows to get to the water. The Gosses went back to court, and found that the court said, okay, they don’t have a right to walk the cows on your 23 acres, but they do have a right to move the water to the cows through a pipe or a ditch. The Forest Service responded by electrifying the fence. That is the kind of fight that we are in right now. A couple years ago, I stood out over that water for about 21⁄2 or 3 hours with the Forest Service, the Gosses, and we all negotiated that the fences could be brought in, that accommodations could be met, that we could find habitat other places. And it was all agreed we would get to the water. Then, subsequently, the Fish and Wildlife Service said, well, there is a jumping mouse. They admitted themselves that the science was not very good, that they had never seen one of the jumping mice there, but they thought it might be there. They admitted that the science was very terrible. Despite the lack of any scientific evidence, despite everything, now that area has been shut back off. There are many areas where the jumping mouse could have a critical habitat, but the agency just refuses to do it. So my amendment is quite simple. It simply says that the New Mexico meadow jumping mouse cannot be listed as endangered or threatened until they do some better science. It is a very straightforward amendment where we are trying to find the balance between the Endangered Species Act and the need for jobs, the need for an economy in the West. And that revolves around open spaces, ranchland, water. It all comes together in this one single issue. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this amendment clearly would prohibit Fish and Wildlife Service from implementing or enforcing the endangered species listing of the New Mexico jumping mouse under the Endangered Species Act. It would restrict the Service from offering critical protections to preserve the species. This amendment is harmful. Once a species is listed under the Endangered Species Act, the role of Fish and Wildlife is primarily permissive, helping parties comply with the act as they carry out their activities. Now, the majority of the habitat of the New Mexico jumping mouse is on Federal land, and Fish and Wildlife is working with the Forest Service to develop conservation measures that will protect the mouse while allowing livestock grazing on Forest Service lands and assuring adequate water for these cattle. Since the endangered species listing, members of the livestock community 
have voiced concern about their impacts to people who recreate and make their livelihood on Forest Service lands, which result from addressing the needs of the mouse. The Fish and Wildlife Service has established three working groups to address these concerns, and they have come up with some creative solutions, like establishing cattle lanes to assure cattle can have access to water while protecting the vegetation necessary for the survival of the mouse. We have been in contact, and we find that there is a lot of excitement and there is a lot of cooperation going on. So I would like to work with the Service to make sure that we give this a full chance of working. b1830 Under this amendment, the Service would not be able to continue to recover this species, though all the Endangered Species Act prohibitions would still apply. So the Service wouldn’t be able to continue to recover the species under this amendment, but all the other activities of the Endangered Species Act would still apply. So the Service wouldn’t be able to work collaboratively any longer with stakeholders to provide ESA compliance. The Service has a statutory requirement to implement the Endangered Species Act. Defunding the Agency’s ability to fulfill these legal requirements just makes the Agency and the Federal Government more vulnerable to lawsuits, which is an unnecessary cost for American taxpayers. Additionally, this amendment would limit the Service from undertaking a required status review of the subspecies or from initiating any rulemaking to downlist or even delist this species, when it became appropriate. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, with respect to the gentlewoman, if the science underlying the decision was sound, and even the Agency itself has admitted that the science was seriously flawed—if the stakes were not so high—the entire listing of species would demand sound science. So this is a serious problem throughout the West and throughout the United States. If it weren’t a matter of being able to provide jobs and have economies in these big rural areas of New Mexico, and there are no other tax bases in those areas, so as we crowd out the ranchers, then counties simply don’t have the revenues to survive themselves. If the stakes weren’t these, then I would listen more closely to the gentlewoman’s arguments. But as it is, I just don’t think that we can sustain a decision like this. If the Fish and Wildlife Service had showed up at that meeting where we found other critical habitat within a couple of miles, it is just that critical habitat didn’t block access to this source of water, the only source of water in that section of the ranch, and these are ranches that are on mountain ranges. So you have the inability for cows to cross the mountain ranges over to the next range. Also, it is miles in between some of the loading stations and the water stations. So these are things that compel me to say that we have to find something different here. We want the Agency to reconsider it, to look for better science, to look for better critical habitat. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman wasn’t here earlier, because he was attending to other work and now has come down to do his amendment, but I have been making the case that this type of authorizing language, these types of debates and discussions, should be taking place in the authorizing committee where we can bring in the Service, bring in the ranchers, find out what we need to do better to create winwins. When we just come and put things on the appropriations bill, it doesn’t allow for that full vetting. It doesn’t allow us that opportunity to work with the chairman of the Appropriations Committee after the authorizing committee is coming through and figuring out where we need to adjust the budget, or what we need to do, or how we need to do oversight to make sure that the Fish and Wildlife Service is doing things that the gentleman is talking about. So, an interesting thing, we got some information from the Service, and the Service has been working with the research community to expand the survey of the jumping mouse outside its currently known occupied areas. The goal of this expansion effort is to document additional populations. If they document additional populations, we could possibly move toward downlisting or delisting the species, as appropriate. But your amendment, unfortunately, would block that. I would like to see this type of amendment be brought up under the majority—the majority is the same in the Senate, and the majority is in control of the White House—and have an opportunity to do the right kind of oversight to make sure that, when we are doing legislation with the best of intentions—if this survey were to come back and say that we could downlist or delist the species, this amendment would prohibit us from doing it. So, at this time, I will oppose the gentleman’s amendment. But I thank him for bringing this attention to the floor, and I will look more into it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, again, I respect the gentlewoman’s opinions and observations. I would point out that these are 1907 water rights, which, in New Mexico, water rights are given, and the earlier, the better. So they can’t get access because of the listing of a species. The science is very flawed. The Agency had the opportunity to go out to the forest with us. And that day, they simply turned down the opportunity to meet with us. We had the State forester, the head of the U.S. Forest Service of New Mexico there. We had the regional forester. Everyone was there except the people who really needed to be there. They refused our invitation. I have been working on this single issue for 14 years myself, so it is not like we haven’t been discussing the issue at length. Again, with that, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico will be postponed. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair understands that amendment No. 61 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 62 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 62 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used to draft, propose, finalize, implement, enforce, or carry out any rulemaking on the lesser prairiechicken (Tympanuchus pallidicinctus) under section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, this issue is very similar to the last one. As we approached the year 2013–2014, discussions were going on with Fish and Wildlife Service about the potential listing either as endangered or threatened of the lesser prairie chicken. We began to ask for volunteers. We asked for farmers and ranchers, for oil and gas companies, to work together to really come up with a collaborative plan in order to avoid the listing for the lesser prairie chicken as either threatened or endangered, and the industries responded very well. 
To date, partners in that effort have contributed more than $64 million in enrollment and mitigation fees. They have agreed to conserve more than 150,000 acres of habitat. It was at that point that the Fish and Wildlife Service said, okay, this is the best effort we have had in this collaboration nationwide. They were all ecstatic. Then they turned around about a month later and simply listed the lesser prairie chicken. Again, the science was somewhat lacking in that. So, in 2015, a Federal district court looked at the issue, and they vacated the finding and said that the Fish and Wildlife Service took no account of the ongoing conservation. Keep in mind that the conservation efforts actually have been working. Just this year, the number of birds is up from 30,000 to 39,000, so almost a 25 percent increase in the population. That is exactly what these collaborative efforts were intended to do. The court found that the Fish and Wildlife Service didn’t conduct a proper analysis and that the analysis they did was neither rigorous nor valid. So we are simply asking, in this amendment, that the lesser prairie chicken not be listed, that it be delisted. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, in 2016, the Service officially removed the lesser prairie chicken from the Federal list of endangered and threatened wildlife in accordance with the September 2015 court order vacating the Service’s 2014 delisting determination, as the gentleman pointed out. Now, the administration action was taken in light of the decision not to appeal the court’s ruling. So they decided they weren’t going to appeal, but they were going to try to move forward. So the Service is currently conducting a species status assessment to characterize the current and future conditions of the lesser prairie chicken. The assessment takes into account both the threats and conservation efforts. When I was in Nevada—I wasn’t in your State, sir, but I was in Nevada with one of our other colleagues—I saw amazing work that was being done in collaboration, in fact, with an energy company, amazing work being done. The gentleman from Nevada was unable to produce one prairie chicken for me to see that morning when we were out, but I believe that they are there and that the conservation is working, in spite of the fact that I didn’t get to see one lesser prairie chicken. But going back, the draft report was shared with peer and partner reviews, and the Service is working with them to get feedback. If the Service determines the listing of the lesser prairie chicken as threatened or endangered is warranted, it is unlikely that any rulemaking could be completed before 2018. So that would take 2 years, in which Congress could take action. I would like the Service to be able to continue working closely with its partners, including State fish and wildlife agencies, the Western Association of Fish and Wildlife Agency, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, industry, private landowners, and other partners, in the interest of conserving the lesser prairie chicken. So what the amendment does, and why I am objecting to it, it halts, it stops, that transparent process that is working properly, that I saw in the field working properly and providing ample opportunity for public comment in how we could move forward. So this amendment would make the decision. It would make the decision final about the conservation of the species on the basis of what is not, in my opinion, good science. So, at this time, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I hope all partners continue to work together. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to support amendment No. 62 to H.R. 6147. This amendment modernizes the Endangered Species Act and recognizes voluntary conservation efforts to protect the lesser prairie chicken. In 2015, the species native to western Kansas was inaccurately listed as threatened under the Endangered Species Act due to a multiyear drought. Since then, Kansas farmers and ranchers have devoted millions of dollars toward successful conservation through a rangewide plan. This along with increased rainfall has led to an increase in the lesser prairie chicken population. However, recently, the push to list the species as endangered was restarted, disregarding these voluntary efforts. I am glad this amendment recognizes the private conservation efforts toward the lesser prairie chicken. I cosponsored a similar measure in the farm bill, and I appreciate Representatives PEARCE and M ARSHALL for offering this amendment. I ask my colleagues to support it. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), the chairman of the subcommittee. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amendment. In 2015, a Federal court ordered the Fish and Wildlife Service to remove the lesser prairie chicken from the list of threatened and endangered species. Environmental activists immediately petitioned the Agency to list the species again, and the Agency, having been stung by the court, concluded that the petition had merit. Now the Agency is on the verge of listing the species yet again, and it will end up in court again, where it will be delisted again. Rinse and repeat. Folks, how many times must we repeat this cycle before people start working together? How much money must be wasted fighting each other before we realize that our money is better spent actually helping the species? This amendment calls a timeout on the madness, at least for one species. That is why I am urging an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, again, I would point out that the collaboration was unprecedented across the Nation. What is going to happen, if this collaboration fails, is that others are going to say, okay, that collaboration process simply doesn’t work. Though, again, the courts, we are simply agreeing with the court findings in the matter that the Fish and Wildlife Service failed to ask very important questions and needs to reaccomplish the evaluation. All in all, the States and local areas can and will pitch in to help the species survive. But the heavyhanded approach coming from the Fish and Wildlife Service simply, again, is going to kill jobs and kill the potential of collaborative efforts. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico will be postponed. b1845 
AMENDMENT NO . 63 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 63 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out Proclamation 7320 entitled ‘‘Establishment of the Ironwood Forest National Monument’’ issued by the President of the United States on June 9, 2000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment that supports recreational shooting, K–12 education, and responsible energy development by prohibiting funds for the Ironwood Forest National Monument that was unilaterally designated under the Antiquities Act. By looking at the map here, it is very clear that this monument was a political land grab meant to prevent responsible energy and mineral production, as well as multiple use on Federal lands. You couldn’t construct something even worse than that. As you can see, the monument boundary starts in the right corner here in the yellow and includes a large mineral deposit that includes molybdenum, manganese, gold, and peripheral leadzincsilver. The boundary then works its way up and also encircles the purple, which is a significant copper deposit. Continuing to move up to the green, the monument encompasses significant amounts of lead, zinc, and silver veins. Moving further up the map to the next yellow, the monument encircles the entire Silver Bell Mine and operations, as well as other claims, and also encompasses massive mineral deposits that contain molybdenum, manganese, gold, and peripheral leadzinc silver. Moving to the blue and to the top left of the monument, the boundary almost entirely encircles two large veins that contain barium, lead, and silver. Essentially, all the colored areas on the map are off limits to new energy and mineral exploration and development as a result of the monument land grab. Proponents claim the 188,619acre monument is necessary to protect a stand of ironwood trees covering 640 acres. Let me repeat that. Proponents claim the 188,619acre monument is necessary to protect a stand of ironwood trees covering 640 acres. Wow. If this unilateral monument designation was not political, it would have had a significantly different boundary and been much smaller. There is nothing glamorous about this monument, and it was an unconstitutional taking by thenSecretary Babbitt and the Clinton administration, pointblank. The Arizona Mining Association, Arizona Rock Products Association, Arizona Mining Industry Gets Our Support, and the Southern Arizona Business Coalition recently asked for this monument to be modified significantly, stating: ‘‘Onethird of the area encompassed in the Ironwood Monument is either State trust lands or privately owned. These lands have effectively lost all economic potential as a result of the national monument designation. . . . At the time of the designation, the State government estimated that it would lose $100 million in mineral rights. This does not include financial losses to private companies or the lost employment potential for the mines.’’ Asarco and Liberty Star Uranium and Metals Corporation of Tucson have also asked for this monument to be significantly altered. Further, the Ironwood Forest National Monument has caused harm to the common schools beneficiary, K–12 education, by locking up these lands, preventing multiple use, and stopping important revenues from flowing to the educational coffers. The Ironwood Forest National Monument enacted a complete ban on recreational shooting. No utility corridors are allowed in the monument. One quarter of the monument can be closed to human entry for over onethird of the year due to the presence of sheep, and nearly 10,000 acres of this monument are completely locked up at all times. Further, the monument constitutes an attack on ranchers by negatively impacting grazing. This monument designation was an unconstitutional taking. Asarco invested $72 million prior to the monument designation in hopes of expanding the mine. They will likely invest several hundred million more, create new jobs, and grow the economy if the mine is no longer within the monument boundary. The Arizona Game and Fish Department has not been able to fully implement vital management activities within the monument boundaries, including fencing to protect wildlife, predator control, law enforcement wildlife investigations, and responses to illegal wildlife activities. In November, 24 Members of Congress sent President Trump a letter recommending a recession of this monument amongst other monument recommendations. That letter was endorsed by the American Farm Bureau Federation, Americans for Responsible Recreation Access, the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, and the Public Lands Council. This amendment is endorsed by the American Exploration and Mining Association, American Encore, AMIGOS, Asarco Mining, the Competitive Enterprise Institute, Free Market America, the Arizona Farm Bureau, Arizona Liberty, the Arizona Pork Council, Concerned Citizens for America, Eagle Motorcycles, Rim Country Custom Rods, the Southern Arizona Business Coalition, and Yavapai County Supervisor Jack R. Smith, amongst others. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and ranking member for their time and for their good work on this bill. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman from Arizona has expired. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment that seeks to eliminate the Ironwood Forest National Monument, which is in my district. The fact that it is in my district is secondary to the callous disregard to the public input, the wishes of the people of southern Arizona, the history of the area, and the biodiversity that this amendment attacks. This amendment effectively repeals the monument, returning the lands back to multipleuse status, and opening them up for unfettered mining and other harmful activities. The sponsor of the legislation says that it is necessary to restore access for recreational shooting and to generate revenue for local schools, which I understand is a nod to the potential revenue garnered from future mining operations that he envisions will pop up once the monument is eliminated. He speaks for the mining industry, not Arizonans, and certainly not my constituents. A recent poll found that 73 percent of the people of Arizona oppose eliminating protections for national monuments. Arizonans don’t want mining in their monuments, but that doesn’t seem to matter to the sponsor of this amendment, who will seemingly do whatever it takes to roll back public lands protections. I also take issue with the sponsor of the amendment’s notion that this amendment is about protecting access for recreational shooting. When the monument was established, recreational shooting was allowed, as it is on a large percentage of public lands. Unfortunately, some bad actors forced local land managers to rethink access for the entire shooting community. People were shooting up endangered cacti, leaving bullet holeridden sofas and other trash throughout the desert. Those were used as targets. One of the great things about living in Tucson and southern Arizona is that we are surrounded by public lands. Our protected desert landscapes support wildlife and an abundant biodiversity to a wide range of recreational activities. Unfortunately, this amendment views these rare landscapes as commodities, only available for extraction of resources and nothing more. It is kind of a corporate radar approach and mentality to our shared public assets and lands: use them, abuse them, discard them, and see how much we can make out of them, in terms of money. The spirit of conservation and preservation is very important to the people of southern Arizona, and this is one of our special places. This amendment is an attack on the people, its history, and our traditions in southern Arizona. This amendment is an attack on the Antiquities Act, and this amendment is an attack on our public lands. This monument was created in the year 2000 by President Clinton after the Pima County Board of Supervisors, the elected officials for the county, petitioned for it; the Tohono O’odham Nation petitioned for it; the people of southern Arizona petitioned for it; and that monument was created. 
The vice chairman of the Tohono O’odham Nation, Mr. Verlon Jose, said, today: ‘‘The Tohono O’odham have lived in this region since time immemorial, and the Ironwood Forest National Monument has tremendous cultural and historical importance. More than 200 important archeological sites with remains from our ancestors are within the monument, including two areas listed on the National Register of Historic Places. We must oppose misguided efforts to withhold funding from Ironwood, as it would have a devastating effect on efforts to protect this national treasure.’’ Mr. Chairman, the issue here today is about trying to relive and undo a decision that was made with public participation, public input, the support of local elected officials, the support of affected Tribes, and do it for the specific interests of a mining company that feels they have a right, even though it is a foreignowned company, to come in on our public lands, withdraw minerals, pay no royalties, and exploit the area. The Ironwood Forest National Monument is a landscape treasure. It is a rare treasure, and it needs to be maintained. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, look at how this monument is connected and concocted. I think every which way. You couldn’t make a worse definition for a monument. What it basically does is it goes to the far side to catch these two minerals over here. Down here in the middle, it goes to the far edge. This is called gerrymandering for minerals. This is a political bias based upon takings from the people of Arizona. Remember, I responded by saying: Listen, onethird of this designation was private and State lands. These are part of the dedication to the citizens of Arizona. So when you look at this, this is the worst concocted. This is the vanity of, actually, atrocities of monuments gone haywire. Now, I am happy to work with the gentleman from southern Arizona to rightsize this monument. I would be happy to do that. But this concoction is a blatant exercise in overjurisdiction of the Federal Government and misutilizing the Antiquities Act. Mr. Chairman, I ask everybody to vote for my amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 64 OFFERED BY MR . POSEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 64 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of Federal Acquisition Regulation 6.101(a) with respect to aviation helmets. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. POSEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, this is really pretty simple. A constituent came to me with a problem concerning procurement for aviation helmets. He has a manufacturing company here in the United States, but he is not able to sell his helmets to the Department of the Interior. His helmets are not inferior. They are used by many industries. They are used in many countries. But he is not on the approved list for Federal agencies. Currently, the approved list includes only one manufacturer. My amendment will change this by providing additional options through competition. The amendment requires compliance with the Federal acquisition regulation policy that ensures a full and open process in procuring aviation helmets. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this great amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. POSEY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 65 OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 65 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this act may be used by the Secretary to modify operations of the New Melones reservoir authorized in section 10 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (58 Stat. 887, 901) for the purposes of executing any component of the State Water Resources Control Board of California’s BayDelta Water Quality Control Plan. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, this amendment prevents a huge water grab by the State of California from farmers and communities in California’s Central Valley. Under Sacramento’s new plan, residents and farmers, alike, will suffer skyrocketing rates that will cripple our local economy, our farms, and our communities. Specifically, the State is mandating 40 percent of the water from Stanislaus, Tuolumne, and Merced Rivers to be flushed out into the ocean. b1900 Currently, we are losing about 25 percent of our current water being flushed out by these mandated flows. This will increase it to 40 percent. This water feeds the Central Valley Project and the farmers that rely on it. My community relies on this water for drinking, to operate our local businesses, and for green power. This powers our local communities. The amendment prevents the State from robbing water from the Valley and protects the New Melones reservoir from depletion. The New Melones is a Federal facility that provides water for the Central Valley, and generates hydropower for Californians. The BayDelta Plan will drain significantly more water from New Melones each year than it currently releases, leaving the reservoir completely dry some years. The reservoir will be unable to meet its water obligations to the federallyauthorized Central Valley project, which is critical to moving water all across the Central Valley. Lower water levels will reduce the ability to generate power. My amendment prevents Federal dollars from contributing to this misguided plan, and the State from robbing our water. We need more water in the valley, not less. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. This amendment seeks to block collaborative water management in California. Such management is aimed at benefiting all water users, cities, farmers, Tribes, the fishing industry, and recreation interests. Specifically, this amendment blocks Federal compliance with the California BayDelta Plan, which is a plan being developed by the State of California to prevent the collapse of California’s iconic salmon fisheries, and to preserve all beneficial use of the State’s water. 
After a decade of research and public outreach, the State government is close to finalizing the BayDelta Plan. It will increase water flows into the California BayDelta from the San Joaquin River. The increased flows will improve salmon survival and prevent an unfolding ecological crisis in the BayDelta, which is key for the environment for the Bay and the Pacific Northwest fisheries, one of the most valuable and unique ecosystems in the world. While multiple factors have contributed to recent salmon declines, a key factor has been unsustainably large water diversions from the California rivers. The BayDelta seeks to address this by reducing diversions and increasing river flow. Mr. Chair, this obviously is an amendment which the author is very passionate about. This also is something that the State of California has engaged in. This amendment, in my opinion, once again, should be something that should be handled in an authorizing committee so the State of California can come in, the gentleman and his proponents of what the State is doing can have a discussion, and then the authorizers can work their will and let the appropriators know whether or not to move forward on this. To do this amendment here shuts out a full, transparent discussion about what should or should not take place in the State of California, where the California citizens all across the State have had input with their elected officials on how to move forward. So this amendment seeks to undermine what appears to be a successful implementation of the BayDelta Plan, which California has seen as a necessary step toward preventing precious fishery declines and the loss of thousands of jobs that rely on healthy fish and functioning ecosystems. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). The reservoir resides in his district. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from California for bringing this amendment to the floor. The gentlewoman from Minnesota misses an important fact, and that is that the current massive water diversions have done absolutely nothing to improve salmon populations. By taking those diversions to 40 percent unimpaired flow to the ocean, in practical terms, this means that New Melones and Don Pedro reservoirs in my district will be drained to their deadpool levels each fall. It would destroy what’s left of agriculture in California’s Central Valley, destroy the tourism these reservoirs attract in my region, and create catastrophic water shortages in one of the most waterrich regions of the Nation. We don’t build these reservoirs to dump water into the ocean. We build them to store surplus water from wet years so that we have it in dry ones. This is insanity. It is the result of years of greensgonewild radicalism in California. This amendment assures that the Federal Government will not participate in such nonsense. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chair, in rising to support my colleague, Mr. DENHAM , on this amendment, I note that the California State Water Board is contemplating their next water grab, and how disconnected from reality these regulators are. In the latest plan, they want to take 40 percent of the flows from San Joaquin. Concurrently, they have a pending proposal to also increase the volume of flows from the Sacramento River, in my region, that washes out to the ocean, all under the guise, the failing guise of protecting fish. They are contemplating 45 to 65 percent of unimpeded flow. We already know that when it comes to protecting people or fish, Sacramento always decides to choose the latter. This plan defies even basic common sense or fairness. Instead, it relies on questionable science to impose arbitrary restrictions, with no solutions to address the loss of habitat for native species, or even the predators in the delta, which we already know to be a major threat to the fish population. Up to 90 percent of the affected species are devoured by these predator fish. It offers no recourse for the devastating impact it will have on jobs and local economies. I would like to remind the regulators, California voters overwhelmingly supported the effort to direct $2.7 billion for water storage projects, recognizing the need to invest in infrastructure such as Sites Reservoir. If that project already existed, the reservoir would be nearly full right now, providing enough water to serve 3.6 million Californians for an entire year, and relieve the stress on the Sacramento and Central Valley water systems. Mr. Chair, we need some common sense. I urge my colleagues to support Mr. DENHAM ’s amendment. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, could I inquire as to how much time both sides have? The Acting CHAIR (Mr. COMER ). The gentlewoman from Minnesota has 2
1⁄2 minutes remaining. The gentleman from California has 1 minute remaining. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ). Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Chair, I understand my colleague’s position on this. Water is a scarce commodity. You want to have access to water. You want to plant your trees. You want to feed your stocks and all that. But what you are not saying is what is going to happen if you continue to take more water from the delta. The delta is a finite water supply. The more you take water from the delta, the more saltwater from the ocean comes in and poisons our facilities, our docks, our fishing, it changes the whole environment. And we are going to cost jobs if you do that, so it is really a balance. Now, I think it is okay to work together to find a proper amount of water to ship out and a proper amount of water to stay in the delta. When we have bigger rain events, the water pushes the saltwater back out toward the ocean. It clears out water a little bit. So, I mean, it is not like we are just trying to save water to hurt you guys. That is not what is going on here. We have our own interests to take care of. This is always a fight. What we need to do is sit down and compromise and find some way to get through this so that we don’t end up hurting one another, which is what happens. Again, I understand the position you are in. I understand the need for water. California is a dry State. We have years and years of drought. But continuing to demand access to water when there is only a finite supply, every year you want more, that is not going to work. It is just not going to work. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, our State Water Board is out of control. Our State Water Board is involved in a political operation to remove farming out of the State of California. This amendment would attempt to put a stop to the reckless State plan and continue the current New Melones operations. This is something we need to act on and act on immediately. We are in crisis. I am a strong advocate for Mr. DENHAM ’s position and, certainly, for his constituents, and I am glad to support this amendment. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, at this time I will make my remarks to close. This amendment is an attempt to get the Congress involved in undermining a State’s rights and its prerogatives. The Federal Government should be assisting California in ways to restore the State’s rivers and recover needed fisheries, instead of trying to interfere with obstruction from Washington. I often hear my colleagues say that Washington should get out of the way. In this case, I totally agree. I urge my colleagues to defeat this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chair, the gentleman talks about a compromise. I will not compromise and allow our people to go without water, people that 
have no drinking water, only to have FEMA come in and bring bottled water. I will not shut down our farms. That is not a compromise. This is a Federal project that has our water for our community that now they want to double the amount that goes out to the ocean. It is a waste. It is harmful to our community. It will shut down our agriculture, and it will leave people without potable drinking water. This is insanity to try to say that you are saving the fish when there is no science. This will harm the fish. Without water, without green power, and without cold water, you will kill the very fish that you are trying to save. I believe that our farms deserve this, our communities deserve this, and our people must have it to survive. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 66 OFFERED BY MR . ABRAHAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 66 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO RESTRICT CER TAIN USE OF GENETICALLY MODIFIED CROPS IN  
NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGES  SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce any prohibition or limitation of any kind in a cooperative agreement referred to in section 29.2 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations, on the planting of genetically modified crops in a national wildlife refuge. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, the Fish and Wildlife Service regularly enters into cooperative agricultural agreement with farmers to plant and raise crops on farm fields on national wildlife refuge land. Those agreements require that the farmers leave a portion of that crop standing over the winter in order to provide cover and forage for wildlife. In the spring, those farmers plow up everything and start all over again. In 2014, the Fish and Wildlife Service began to prevent farmers who entered into these agreements from planting GMO seed. This action was not based on facts, it was not on rules, and this action is harmful to both wildlife and to the farmers who are providing that food and cover. GMO crops are proven safe. They use less water. They use less pesticides. They use less fertilizer, and they feed much of the world, both humans and animals. Wildlife groups like Ducks Unlimited support this amendment, and I ask for your support, too. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. b1915 Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, this amendment clearly would prohibit Fish and Wildlife Service from enforcing limitations or prohibitions on the use of genetically modified seed in commercial agricultural operations conducted on national wildlife refuges. As the gentleman pointed out, in 2014, a decision to curtail the use of genetically modified seeds or crops, GMOs, for use on National Wildlife Refuge System lands by 2016 grew out of several years of litigation successfully brought against U.S. Fish and Wildlife. During the term of the litigation, the courts did not allow the use of GMOs. As a result of this restriction, the refuges found that they were able to meet their biological objectives and accomplish their wildlife management purposes without the use of GMOs and that GMO use could be curtailed nationwide. This approach avoids costly litigation for the taxpayers and the need for additional sitespecific compatibility determinations and NEPA analysis of GMO crops. It is a saver of the taxpayers’ dollars. Fish and Wildlife Service has proven over several years that they can accomplish their wildlife objectives without the use of GMOs. However, Fish and Wildlife policy on biological diversity, integrity, and environmental health does allow for the use of GMOs when it is essential to accomplish the refuge purposes and is approved by the Regional Refuge Chief. This amendment jeopardizes the current FWS policy that is based on years of experience. We should be supporting Fish and Wildlife Service and its efforts, not blocking the agency from doing its job. Mr. Chair, once again, this is the appropriations portion of Fish and Wildlife. This clearly is something that has gone through the court system, that has gone through authorization. It is a policy discussion and it should be done in the policy committee. It should be done where people can come in and testify and have their debate in full transparency. It should be done then and brought to the floor. Mr. Chair, the majority controls the House, the Senate, and the White House. I would encourage the author of the amendment to not use the appropriation bills to put more riders on. The gentleman may or may not be aware, Mr. Chair, that the Senate has no riders on its bill at all. And I believe that this could really put the chairman and myself, as the ranking member, possibly at a disadvantage when we go to reallocate those precious dollars, with all the requests that we have had on the floor over the past 2 days, when we go into doing what our job is, the appropriations. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I support the amendment. The National Academy of Sciences was established by Congress in 1863 in the midst of the Civil War to provide independent, objective advice to the Nation on matters related to science and technology. The Academy, in 2016, released a comprehensive literature review on the science of genetically engineered crops, or GMOs as they are commonly referred to. The Academy found zero scientific evidence that GMOs are any more or any less safe for human consumption and the environment than organisms modified by more traditional genetic methods, like selective breeding. This amendment blocks an outdated policy made during the last administration which pandered to extreme environmental groups by feeding into the unfounded fears of GMOs. This amendment is an opportunity to rise above fearmongering and make sound policy based on science and rationality. Mr. Chair, let’s do the right thing and vote ‘‘aye.’’ Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, I just ask that my colleagues support this commonsense amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 67 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 67 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to eliminate the Urban Wildlife Refuge Partnership. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is prohibiting the use of appropriated funds to eliminate the Urban Wildlife Refuge Partnership, or 
programs, that are for the reforestation of urban areas. In fact, I celebrate and support the increase in funding. This amendment is particularly helpful, I hope, to create the legislative history of the importance of the urban reforestation program. Mr. Chair, I thank the ranking member as well as the chairman of this committee for recognizing the importance of urban reforestation. This amendment emphasizes the importance of the Urban Wildlife Refuge Partnership in urban forests and preserves our ability to return urban areas to healthy and safe living environments for our children. I have offered similar amendments because I want an ongoing creation of legislative history to ensure that this program is kept. In the past 30 years alone, we have lost 30 percent of all of our urban trees, a loss of over 600 million trees. Eighty percent of the American population lives in dense quarters of the city. Reforestation programs return a tool of nature to concrete areas that can help remove air pollution, filter out chemicals and agricultural waste in water, and save communities millions of dollars in stormwater management costs. I have certainly seen the devastation of droughts right in large cities. In particular, Houston, a couple years ago, lost many, many trees in a severe drought that we experienced over the summer. It took many community investors—when I say that, nonprofits— and Federal dollars to restore green life to Houston. We know that asthma is on the rise. In people below the Federal poverty threshold, we see asthma increasing. Asthma comes when children have to be subjected to polluted air. Some of the reasons individuals at lower income may have increased risk of asthma are increased exposure to indoor and outdoor pollutants, cigarette smoking, secondhand smoke exposure, and nearby industrial pollutants and highway traffic. The good news is that trees provide the source of oxygen that is so necessary, and it comes about through a scientific process that I will discuss a little bit later. We have a headline here from Science Daily that says: ‘‘Cities and Communities in the U.S. Losing 36 Million Trees a Year.’’ And then another headline: ‘‘Researchers Suggest Reforestation Around Urban Areas to Reduce Ozone Levels,’’ which enhances, creates, makes worse the asthma that many of our children suffer from. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support my amendment. Thank you for this opportunity to speak in support of my amendment to Division A of H.R. 6147, the Interior and Environment Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2019 and to commend Chairman CALVERT and Ranking Member MCCOLLUM for their leadership in shepherding this bill through the legislative process. Among other agencies, this legislation funds the U.S. Forest Service, the National Park System, and the Smithsonian Institution, which operates our national museums including the National Zoo. Mr. Chair, my amendment is simple but it sends a very important message from the Congress of the United States. The Jackson Lee Amendment emphasizes the importance of Urban Wildlife Refuge Partnerships and urban forests, and preserves our ability to return urban areas to healthy and safe living environments for our children. Similar amendments were offered and accepted in the Interior and Environment Appropriations Acts for Fiscal Year 2018 (H.R. 3354), Fiscal Year 2017 (H.R. 5538), Fiscal Year 2016 (H.R. 2822), Fiscal Year 2008 (H.R. 2643), and Fiscal Year 2007 (H.R. 5386), and were adopted by voice vote. Mr. Chair, surveys indicate that some urban forests are in serious danger. In the past 30 years alone, we have lost 30 percent of all our urban trees—a loss of over 600 million trees. Eighty percent of the American population lives in the dense quarters of a city. Reforestation programs return a tool of nature to a concrete area that can help to remove air pollution, filter out chemicals and agricultural waste in water, and save communities millions of dollars in storm water management costs. I have certainly seen neighborhoods in Houston benefit from urban reforestation. In addition, havens of green in the middle of a city can have beneficial effects on a community’s health, both physical and psychological, as well as increase property value of surrounding real estate. Reforestation of cities is an innovative way of combating urban sprawl and deterioration. Mr. Chair, a real commitment to enhancing our environment involves both the protection of existing natural resources and active support for restoration and improvement projects. Several years ago, American Forests, a leading conservation group, estimated that the tree cover lost in the greater Washington metropolitan area from 1973 to 1997 resulted in an additional 540 million cubic feet of storm water runoff annually, which would have taken more than $1 billion in storm water control facilities to manage. Trees breathe in carbon dioxide, and produce oxygen. People breathe in oxygen and exhale carbon dioxide. A typical person consumes about 38 pounds of oxygen per year. A healthy tree, say a 32 ft tall ash tree, can produce about 260 lb of oxygen annually—two trees supply the oxygen needs of a person for a year. Trees help reduce pollution by capturing particulates like dust and pollen with their leaves. A mature tree absorbs from 120 to 240 pounds of the small particles and gases of air pollution. Trees help combat the effects of ‘‘greenhouse’’ gases, the increased carbon dioxide produced from burning fossil fuels that is causing our atmosphere to ‘‘heat up.’’ Trees help cool down the overall city environment by shading asphalt, concrete and metal surfaces. Buildings and paving in city centers create a heatisland effect. A mature tree canopy reduces air temperatures by about 5–10 degrees Fahrenheit. A 25 foot tree reduces annual heating and cooling costs of a typical residence by 8 to 12 percent, producing an average annual savings of $120 per American household. Proper tree plantings around buildings can slow winter winds, and reduce annual energy use for home heating by 4–22 percent. Mr. Chair, trees play a vital role in making our cities more sustainable and more livable. The Jackson Lee Amendment simply provides for continued support to programs like Urban Wildlife Refuge Partnerships that reforest our urban areas. For all these reasons, Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the Jackson Lee Amendment and thank Chairman CALVERT and Ranking Member MCCOLLUM for their courtesies, consideration, and very fine work in putting together this legislation. 
[From Science Daily, Apr. 18, 2018] CITIES AND COMMUNITIES IN THE US L OSING 36 MILLION TREES A YEAR Source: USDA Forest Service—Northern Research Station Summary: Nationally, urban/community tree cover declined from 42.9 percent to 42.2 percent between 2009–2014. This translates to losing an estimated 36 million trees or approximately 175,000 acres of tree cover annually. Scientists with the USDA Forest Service estimate that between 2009 and 2014, tree cover in the Nation’s urban/community areas declined by 0.7 percent, which translates to losing an estimated 36 million trees or approximately 175,000 acres of tree cover annually. Pavement and other impervious cover increased at a rate of about 167,000 acres a year during the same period, according to research by USDA Forest Service scientists. Nationally, urban/community tree cover declined from 42.9 percent to 42.2 percent. Twentythree states had a statistically significant decrease in tree cover, with a total of 45 states showing a net decline. Trees improve air and water quality, reduce summer energy costs by cooling homes, reduce noise, mitigate runoff and flooding, and enhance human health and wellbeing, making them important to human health and urban and community infrastructure. The annual benefits derived from U.S. urban forests due to air pollution removal, carbon sequestration, and lowered building energy use and consequent altered power plant emissions are estimated at $18 billion. The study by Dave Nowak and Eric Greenfield of the USDA Forest Service’s Northern Research Station, ‘‘Declining urban and community tree cover in the United States,’’ was published in the journal Urban Forestry and Urban Greening. A table showing tree cover and impervious cover change by state is available at: https:// www.nrs.fsis.fed.us/news/release/resources/ citiescommunitieslosingtreecover/ ‘‘Urban forests are a vital part of the nation’s landscape,’’ said Tony Ferguson, Director of the Forest Service’s Northern Research Station and the Forest Products Laboratory. ‘‘Forest Service research puts knowledge and tools into the hands of urban forest managers that supports stewardship and the wise allocation of resources.’’ States or districts with the greatest annual net percent loss in urban/community tree cover were Rhode Island and the District of Columbia (minus 0.44 percent), Georgia (minus 0.40 percent), and Alabama and Nebraska (minus 0.32 percent each). States with the greatest annual net loss in tree cover were Georgia (minus 18,830 acre/year), Florida (minus 18,060 acre/year) and Alabama (minus 12,890 acre/year). 
Three states—Mississippi, Montana and New Mexico—had slight, nonsignificant increases in urban/community tree cover. Nationally, Maine has the highest percent tree cover in urban/community areas with 68 percent tree cover. At 10 percent tree cover, North Dakota ranked as having the lowest percent urban/community tree cover. ‘‘Urban forests are an important resource,’’ said Nowak. ‘‘Urban foresters, planners and decisionmakers need to understand trends in urban forests so they can develop and maintain sufficient levels of tree cover—and the accompanying forest benefits—for current and future generations of citizens.’’ As of 2010, urban land occupied 3 percent, or 68 million acres, of the United States, while urban/community land occupied just over 6 percent of the United States, or 141 million acres. Overall, urban/community impervious cover had a statistically significant increase from 14.5 percent to 15.1 percent (an increase of o.6 percent), States with the greatest annual net percent increase in impervious cover were Delaware (0.28 percent), Iowa (0.26 percent), and Colorado, Kansas and Ohio (0.24 percent each). States with the greatest annual net increase in impervious cover were Texas (17,590 acre/year), Florida (13,900 acre/ year) and Ohio (8,670 acre/year). 
[From Phys.org, Sept. 9, 2014] RESEARCHERS SUGGEST REFORESTATION  AROUND URBAN AREAS TO REDUCE OZONE  LEVELS  (By Bob Yirka) A team of research conservationists with members from several universities in the U.S. is suggesting in a paper they’ve had published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, that urban areas could benefit by investing in cost effective reforestation efforts around urban areas that currently suffer from high ozone levels. Planting trees, they suggest could help cities bring those levels down. The researchers note that despite aggressive efforts by many metropolitan areas to lower ozone levels in ground level air, levels remain high, causing the populations that live in them to live with an increased risk of health problems—prior research has indicated that as many as 152,000 premature deaths each year can be attributed to the damage ozone inflicts on lungs. Current efforts to combat ozone levels are aimed at the source, factory emissions, etc. Laws limiting emissions have not kept up with growth however, leading to increases in ozone levels. The researchers suggest a different approach—remove the ozone by planting trees. They suggest that land be purchased on the outskirts of cities with high ozone levels to be converted to forest—trees they note, remove both ozone, and one of its precursors. To bolster their point, the researchers looked at the Houston metro area in Texas, a part of the country with consistently high ozone levels. Land that is currently used for agriculture on the outskirts, they claim, could be purchased and replanted with trees, creating a 1.5–squaremile forest. They estimate that over a 30 year period, the reforested area could reduce ozone and precursors in groundlevel air by 310 tons. They also note that if fast growing trees were planted, timber harvests could help make up initial outlays and loss of local revenue from agricultural products. The researchers also plotted potential targets on a map of the U.S., highlighting areas where reforestation would likely do the most good—along the 1–95 corridor in the northeast, for example, and around Chicago, Detroit and many parts of California. The team concludes by noting that if something isn’t done, the problem of ozone pollution is only likely to get worse in the face of both continued growth and as global warming exacerbates the problem. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, although the base bill already continues to support this program at the fiscal year 2018 level, I am happy to accept this amendment, as I have for the past 2 years. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from California. As I indicated, I think that creating the additional legislative history of the importance of this particular program is what I hope will strengthen it. May I ask, Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman has 2 minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), the ranking member, to discuss the urban reforestation program, and I thank her for her leadership. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for this opportunity. I also thank the chairman of our subcommittee for accepting the amendment. Mr. Chair, many cities don’t have urban wildlife refuges nearby, and to address that challenge, the Service has 21 Urban Wildlife Refuge Partnerships spanning the country. These partnerships have nourished an appreciation of wildlife conservation to new audiences, and I have seen them in action, empowering local community organizations to inspire conservation in local parks and other natural areas. I just want to list a few of these urban partnerships that can be found: New Haven; Chicago; Houston; Providence; Seattle; Baltimore; Los Angeles; Albuquerque; Santa Barbara; Yonkers; New Orleans; Denver; Philadelphia; Atlanta; Springfield, Massachusetts; Anchorage; Cincinnati; the twin cities of St. Paul and Minneapolis, St. Paul being my hometown; Elizabeth, New Jersey; West Palm Beach, Florida; San Juan; and Alamo, Texas. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to learn more about this program. Once again, I thank the gentlewoman for the time, and I thank Chairman CALVERT for accepting this amendment. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, let me conclude my remarks by saying I have certainly seen neighborhoods in Houston benefit from urban reforestation. In addition, havens of green in the middle of a city can have beneficial effects on a community’s health, both physical and psychological, as well as increased property values of surrounding real estate. But when you have had a drought, you know how important this program is. Reforestation of cities is an innovative way of combating urban sprawl and deterioration. Finally, let me say, photosynthesis, how many of us remember that in our classrooms? I love that process. That happens in plants, generally involves the green pigment chlorophyll, and generates oxygen as a byproduct, cleaning the air. That is what these programs do in urban America. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 68 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 68 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to limit outreach programs administered by the Smithsonian Institution. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member and the chairman of this committee for considering my amendment. My amendment is prohibiting the use of appropriated funds to limit museum outreach programs administered by the Smithsonian Institution. Again, for programs like this, this is to advocate and create the legislative history of the importance of these programs, and I am glad to have this amendment presented to the Congress at this time. Mr. Chair, in order to fulfill the Smithsonian’s mission—the increase and diffusion of knowledge—the Smithsonian seeks to serve an even greater audience, and this has come about over the years by bringing the Smithsonian to enclaves of communities who otherwise would be deprived of the vast amount of cultural history offered by the Smithsonian. The Smithsonian’s outreach program serves millions of Americans, thousands of communities, and hundreds of institutions in all 50 States through loans of objects, traveling exhibitions, 
and sharing of educational resources via publications, lectures, presentations, training programs, and websites. Let me say from personal experience, one of my predecessors, the Honorable Mickey Leland, that many people know died in an airplane going into an Ethiopian mountain trying to bring food to starving people in Eritrea and Ethiopia, had introduced the first bill for a museum dealing with slave history. He did not live to see that legislation go forward, but later, JOHN LEWIS introduced the legislation to create the Smithsonian Museum of African American History and Culture. We have it today, and it is a museum that has seen more people attend it, and the outreach is crucial: the board members, who are so proud to be a part of it, and the Congressional Black Caucus, that was the anchor of passing this legislation. Now we have an outstanding exhibit on Oprah Winfrey, and all are there to see this historic figure and many others. It is important that the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum and many others have the opportunity to reach out to Americans and let them know of these very special resources, these assets that are here. So this is a very important emphasis to have, and I would like to make sure that we continue to do it robustly so that more Americans can know their history. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. Thank you for this opportunity to speak in support of my amendment to Division A of H.R. 6147, the ‘‘Interior and Environment Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2019.’’ Let me also thank Chairman CALVERT and Ranking Member MCCOLLUM for their leadership in shepherding this bill to the floor. Among other agencies, this legislation funds the Smithsonian Institution, which operates our national museums, including the Air and Space Museum; the Museum of African Art; the Museum of the American Indian; and the National Portrait Gallery. The Smithsonian also operates another national treasure: the National Zoo. Mr. Chair, my amendment is simple but it sends a very important message from the Congress of the United States. The Jackson Lee amendment simply provides that: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to limit outreach programs administered by the Smithsonian Institution. 
This amendment is identical to amendments I offered to the Interior and Environment Appropriations Acts for FY2017 (H.R. 3354) and FY2016 (H.R. 2822) that were approved by voice vote. Mr. Chair, the Smithsonian’s outreach programs bring Smithsonian scholars in art, history and science out of ‘‘the nation’s attic’’ and into their own backyard. Each year, millions of Americans visit the Smithsonian in Washington, D.C. But in order to fulfill the Smithsonian’s mission, ‘‘the increase and diffusion of knowledge,’’ the Smithsonian seeks to serve an even greater audience by bringing the Smithsonian to enclaves of communities who otherwise would be deprived of the vast amount of cultural history offered by the Smithsonian. The Smithsonian’s outreach programs serve millions of Americans, thousands of communities, and hundreds of institutions in all 50 states, through loans of objects, traveling exhibitions, and sharing of educational resources via publications, lectures and presentations, training programs, and websites. Smithsonian outreach programs work in close cooperation with Smithsonian museums and research centers, as well as with 144 affiliate institutions and others across the nation. The Smithsonian’s outreach activities support communitybased cultural and educational organizations around the country. They ensure a vital, recurring, and highimpact Smithsonian presence in all 50 states through the provision of traveling exhibitions and a network of affiliations. Smithsonian outreach programs increase connections between the Institution and targeted audiences (African American, Asian American, Latino, Native American, and new American) and provide kindergarten through collegeage museum education and outreach opportunities. These outreach programs enhance K–12 science education programs, facilitate the Smithsonian’s scholarly interactions with students and scholars at universities, museums, and other research institutions; and disseminate results related to the research and collections strengths of the Institution. The programs that provide the critical mass of Smithsonian outreach activity are: 1. the Smithsonian Institution Traveling Exhibition Service (SITES); 2. the Smithsonian Affiliations, the Smithsonian Center for Education and Museum Studies (SCEMS); 3. National Science Resources Center (NSRC); 4. the Smithsonian Institution Press (SIP); 5. the Office of Fellowships (OF); and 6. the Smithsonian Associates (TSA), which receives no federal funding. To achieve the goal of increasing public engagement, SITES directs some of its federal resources to develop Smithsonian Across America: A Celebration of National Pride. This ‘‘mobile museum,’’ which will feature Smithsonian artifacts from the most iconic (presidential portraits, historic American flags, Civil War records, astronaut uniforms, etc.) to the simplest items of everyday life (family quilts, prairie schoolhouse furnishings, historic lunch boxes, multilingual store front and street signs, etc.), has been a longstanding organizational priority of the Smithsonian. SITES ‘‘mobile museum’’ is the only traveling exhibit format able to guarantee audience growth and expanded geographic distribution during sustained periods of economic retrenchment, but also because it is imperative for the many exhibitors nationwide who are struggling financially yet eager to participate in Smithsonian outreach. For communities still struggling to fully recover from the economic downturn, the ability of museums to present temporary exhibitions, the ‘‘mobile museum’’ promises to answer an evergrowing demand for Smithsonian shows in the field. A single, conventional SITES exhibit can reach a maximum of 12 locations over a two to threeyear period. In contrast, a ‘‘mobile museum’’ exhibit can visit up to three venues per week in the course of only one year, at no cost to the host institution or community. The net result is an increase by 150 in the number of outreach locations to which SITES shows can travel annually. And in addition to its flexibility in making shortterm stops in cities and towns from coasttocoast, a ‘‘mobile museum’’ has the advantage of being able to frequent the very locations where people live, work, and take part in leisure time activities. By establishing an exhibit presence in settings like these, SITES will not only increase its annual visitor participation by 1 million, but also advance a key Smithsonian performance objective: to develop exhibit approaches that address diverse audiences, including population groups not always affiliated with mainstream cultural institutions. SITES also will be the public exhibitions’ face of the Smithsonian’s National Museum of African American History and Culture, as that new Museum comes online. Providing national access to projects that will introduce the American public to the Museum’s mission, SITES in FY 2008 will tour such stirring exhibitions as NASA ART: 50 Years of Exploration; 381 Days: The Montgomery Bus Boycott Story; Beyond: Visions of Planetary Landscapes; The Way We Worked: Photographs from the National Archives; and More Than Words: Illustrated Letters from the Smithsonian’s Archives of American Art. To meet the growing demand among smaller community and ethnic museums for an exhibition celebrating the Latino experience, SITES provided a scaleddown version of the National Museum of American History’s 4,000 squarefoot exhibition about legendary entertainer Celia Cruz. Two 1,500squarefoot exhibitions, one about Crow Indian history and the other on basket traditions, will give Smithsonian visitors beyond Washington a taste of the Institution’s critically acclaimed National Museum of the American Indian. Two more exhibits, ‘‘In Plane View’’ and ‘‘Earth from Space,’’ provided visitors an opportunity to experience the Smithsonian’s recently opened, expansive National Air and Space Museum UdvarHazy Center. For almost 30 years, The Smithsonian Associates—the highly regarded educational arm of the Smithsonian Institution—has arranged Scholars in the Schools programs. Through this tremendously successful and wellreceived educational outreach program, the Smithsonian shares its staff—hundreds of experts in art, history and science—with the national community at a local level. The mission of Smithsonian Affiliations is to build a strong national network of museums and educational organizations in order to establish active and engaging relationships with communities throughout the country. There are currently 138 affiliates located in the United States, Puerto Rico, and Panama. By working with museums of diverse subject areas and scholarly disciplines, both emerging and wellestablished, Smithsonian Affiliations is building partnerships through which audiences and visitors everywhere will be able to share in the great wealth of the Smithsonian while building capacity and expertise in local communities. 
The National Science Resources Center (NSRC) strives to increase the number of ethnically diverse students participating in effective science programs based on NSRC products and services. The Center develops and implements a national outreach strategy that will increase the number of school districts (currently more than 800) that are implementing NSRC K–8 programs. The NSRC is striving to further enhance its program activity with a newly developed scientific outreach program introducing communities and school districts to science through literacy initiatives. In addition, through the building of the multicultural Alliance Initiative, the Smithsonian’s outreach programs seek to develop new approaches to enable the public to gain access to Smithsonian collections, research, education, and public programs that reflect the diversity of the American people, including underserved audiences of ethnic populations and persons with disabilities. For all these reasons, Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of the Jackson Lee Amendment and thank Chairman CALVERT and Ranking Member MCCOLLUM for their courtesies, consideration, and very fine work in putting together this excellent legislation. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. b1930 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise to approve the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I have no objection to the gentlewoman’s amendment. It was accepted last year by voice vote, and I encourage adoption of the gentlewoman’s amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), the ranking member, and thank her again for her leadership. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Texas for the time, and I would like to commend the chairman of the subcommittee for accepting this amendment. The chairman and I know the importance of museums and the wealth of knowledge that they share with the American public. And when we have the Smithsonian Day at our hearings, when the chairman puts the gavel down, everybody is in attendance to see what the Smithsonian is going to bring to the history lesson that it is going to share with the Members of our committee. We are inspired, just as these museums inspire people of all ages, to better understand our world, and our place in it. I am very pleased that the Smithsonian is going to be able to go forward with its public outreach programs, including exhibitions, programs, and online resources, which anybody can access. It ensures that as many Americans as possible can benefit from their vast collections. At the Science Museum of Minnesota, we call it ‘‘Museum in a Box,’’ and I am glad the Smithsonian is going to continue with that. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, let me thank the gentlewoman for really letting us know what a joy the Smithsonian is, even in front of the Appropriations Committee. Mr. Chair, I want to emphasize that the Smithsonian outreach programs increase connections between the Institution and targeted audiences: African Americans, Asian Americans, Latinos, Native Americans, and new Americans, and provide kindergarten through college age music education and outreach opportunities. Mr. Chairman, I failed to say that when we were putting this together, once the African American museum was established, the museum personnel leadership, Dr. Lonnie Bunch, went on the road across America collecting artifacts from African Americans and historic families to put in this museum, real items of slave history and the history from through the years, through the centuries, and it made the museum a living example of the history of our time here in the United States. That has been done by the Smithsonian in many different groups. And so I would offer this article that says: ‘‘New National Data Reveals the Economic Impact of Museums Is More Than Double Previous Estimates.’’ The American Alliance of Museums released two groundbreaking reports revealing indisputable evidence that museums contribute more to the United States economy than previously thought and have widespread support. 
Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. I would like to include in the RECORD  this American Alliance of Museums report dated February 13, 2018. 
[From the American Alliance of Museums, Feb. 13, 2018] NEWNATIONAL DATAREVEALS THE ECONOMIC  IMPACT OF MUSEUMS ISMORETHANDOUBLE  PREVIOUS ESTIMATES  (By Laura Lott) ARLINGTON , VA.—The American Alliance of Museums (AAM), the only organization representing the entire scope of the museum community, today released two groundbreaking reports revealing indisputable evidence that museums contribute more to the United States economy than previously thought and have widespread public support that transcends political affiliations and geographic locations. Armed with the two new reports and a wealth of data, on February 27 hundreds of museum professionals will visit with members of Congress and their staff to ask them to support funding for vital federal agencies and tax incentives for charitable donations. The Fiscal Year 2019 budget proposal announced by President Trump yesterday calls for the elimination of multiple agencies that support the arts and humanities. ‘‘Never before in the 112year history of the Alliance have we possessed such comprehensive and statistically robust studies to support what we’ve always known,’’ said Alliance President and CEO Laura Lott. ‘‘Our legislators, policymakers, funders, and trustees can be confident in the fact that museums are important economic engines that support jobs and bring revenue to their local communities. In addition, our studies show that the American public is overwhelmingly supportive of museums in general, and specifically supports maintaining or increasing their federal funding.’’ TWO REPORTS REINFORCE THE VALUE OF  
MUSEUMS  The first study, Museums as Economic Engines, reveals that museums support 726,000 jobs in the United States, and directly employ 372,100 people, more than double that of the professional sports industry, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The study, conducted by Oxford Economics with the support of the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation, shows that for every $100 of economic activity created by museums, an additional $220 is created in other sectors of the US economy as a result of supply chain and employee expenditure impacts. These impacts mean that museums contribute approximately $50 billion to the US economy each year, a number that’s more than twice previous estimates. The report is also the first to show that US museums generate more than $12 billion per year in tax revenue to federal, state, and local governments. The museum field’s largest economic impact is on the leisure and hospitality industry (approximately $17 billion), but it also generates approximately $12 billion in the financial activities sector and approximately $3 billion each in the education/health services and manufacturing sectors. Museums provide important economic impacts to every part of the nation. The top 10 states driving this impact are geographically diverse and account for 57 percent of the gross value added to the national economy. States with the highest economic impact from the museum sector included California ($6.6 billion), New York ($5.4 billion), and Texas ($3.9 billion). However, those that rely most heavily on museums due to their relatively higher concentration include the District of Columbia, Hawaii, Wyoming, and Alaska. The second report, Museums & Public Opinion, examines the opinions of Americans concerning museums, their educational and economic value, as well as their thoughts about federal funding and support for museums in their community. Conducted jointly by AAM and Wilkening Consulting, the study was fielded by the market research experts at Ipsos and polled more than 2,000 Americans. The survey results overwhelmingly demonstrate the high degree to which Americans believe in and support their museums, regardless of political affiliation, geographic location, and whether they visit museums or not: 97 percent believe that museums provide valuable educational experiences to their communities 89 percent recognize the important economic contributions and jobs that museums bring 96 percent would approve of elected officials who act to support museums including acting to maintain or increase federal funding. ‘‘The data speaks clearly: whether urban or rural, conservative or liberal, or a museumgoer or not, Americans treasure the museums in their communities and want elected officials to support them,’’ Lott said. 
Findings from the two reports will be discussed by leaders from the Alliance and its research partners February 26 at Museums Advocacy Day in Washington, DC and May 7 at the Alliance’s Annual Meeting & Museum Expo in Phoenix. 
CONGRESSIONAL HONOREES  During Museums Advocacy Day, the Alliance will present awards to legislators who have demonstrated exemplary support for the nation’s museums: Senator Lisa Murkowski (R–AK) used her position on the Senate Appropriations Committee to advocate for funding for key federal agencies. She is also an original cosponsor of legislation that would reauthorize the Institute of Museum and Library Services. Representative Suzanne Bonamici (D–OR) is a cofounder of the Congressional STEAM Caucus, and a leader in seeking funding that will help school districts provide a well rounded education. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 69 OFFERED BY MR . JODY B . 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 69 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Environmental Justice Small Grants Program of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODYB. H ICE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, the Office of Environmental Justice, also known as the OEJ, was established within the Environmental Protection Agency, the EPA, in 1992, in order to assess environmental concerns with the potential of affecting disadvantaged communities. To bring about this goal, the OEJ set in motion the Environmental Justice Small Grants Program in 1994. While this grants program initially sought to overcome environmental issues that could hurt underprivileged communities, it has, unfortunately, devolved into a platform for political activism, in addition to offering services typically powered by State and local governments. Furthermore, in recent years, the Environmental Justice Small Grants Program has been used for purposes entirely unrelated to the office’s stated mission. Examples would be: funding educational programs on urban gardening, creating healthy environments for nail salons, or the socalled negative consequences of automobile dependency. While some of these projects may be commendable, the bulk are not within the scope of the constitutional responsibilities delegated to the Federal Government. Our country currently shoulders $21 trillion in debt and we should not be subsidizing what would otherwise be State initiatives and local projects. It is for these reasons that I have introduced my amendment to discontinue funding for the OEJ Small Grants Program. This will allow the EPA to refocus millions of taxpayer funds toward the Agency’s core mission over the next decade, and I would ask my colleagues to support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee). The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I want my colleagues to listen closely to what this amendment does. It prohibits funds to support the EPA’s Environmental Justice Small Grants Program, which, since its inception in 1994, has awarded funding to local and Tribal organizations working with communities facing environmental justice issues. These grants support and empower lowincome communities to understand and address exposure to environmental harms and risks. If there is a problem, if there is a grant that hasn’t been done properly, then it is Congress’ responsibility to do oversight. So, in my opinion, there should be no Member of this body that supports cutting these critical funds. If there are problems, we should be requesting oversight. This is a case of David versus Goliath. With this amendment, small communities would be left defenseless when confronted with corporations that come in and sometimes cause illness due to their underlying pursuit of profit over human health. Examples of these programs supported by these grants are: a program to promote Baltimore residents’ awareness of lead health risks and lead abatement services. It is important to provide education: Working with the residents in Puerto Rico to clean up coastal areas and reduce solid waste and aquatic debris. I was just recently in Puerto Rico watching the EPA work and clean up the debris, the unimaginable debris of the hurricanes that went through last year. Working in Lawrence, Massachusetts, in one of the poorest and most populated cities in New England to educate families about lead contamination in soil, and, yes, sometimes that means knowing what is in the garden, what is in the yard, what is in the playground, as children touch soil contaminated by lead and then touch their faces and their mouths. The negative effect of growing vegetables in lead contaminated soil can be life changing for children. Mr. Chair, I strongly oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I would, again, just reiterate the fact that this grant program is not doing the job that it was designed to do. It is not even doing things that are related to the stated mission. It is a waste of taxpayer dollars, and for that, it is not something that we should continue funding. It has lost its purpose. It has lost its mission, and it just simply is not necessary to continue funding. When we talk about the issues happening in Puerto Rico or other parts of the world, we have FEMA and we have other avenues to deal with serious problems like what happened in Puerto Rico and other places in our country, and those means are working effectively. But to simply waste funds on a grant program that directly is involved in activities unrelated to their own mission statement, is not something that we should be involved in. As a result, this amendment has been endorsed by a number of organizations, such as: the Competitive Enterprise Institute, Heritage Action, Citizens Against Government Waste, Club for Growth, FreedomWorks, Free Market America, and a host of organizations who are concerned about the direction our country is going financially and are supportive of stopping the waste here. So I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I would gently remind the gentleman from Georgia that Puerto Rico is a territory of the United States. It is not a foreign entity. I would like to yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), my dear friend and chairman of the committee. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman, and I must rise in reluctant opposition. I wish I could have worked with the gentleman on this amendment, but this amendment reaches a little too far and is inconsistent even with the Trump administration’s position. This year the President requested $2 million for the Environmental Justice Small Grants Program which would provide financial assistance to low income, minority, and Tribal populations, which we deal with quite often. This amendment would prohibit EPA’s ability to issue grants altogether, which means all of the Office of Environmental Justice funds would be allocated to the payroll and personnel and could result in the hiring of more EPA staff, and I am sure that is not your intention. And so there would be 
no savings according to the CBO. Zero. No savings at all in this amendment. I don’t believe that is your intent. Because the amendment would have unintended consequences, I must oppose the amendment. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate these comments. What we are dealing with would simply do away with funding of the small grants part of this program where those funds are not being used according to the mission. Mr. Chair, I continue to ask for support from my colleagues, keeping in mind the multiple organizations that are supportive of this amendment. I ask my colleagues to support this, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota has 2 minutes remaining. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman very much and I am glad that she emphasized the work that the Environmental Justice grants have done in Puerto Rico, and the fact that they are citizens of the United States. But I have seen what the Environmental Justice grants have done because they are small. As Mr. CALVERT  indicated, the administration recommended $2 million. These grants are small, and they help communities clean up. They help communities deal with violators of environmental rules, both in the State and Federal, mostly State, and gives them the ability to clean and deal with neighborhood issues. That is how small these grants are. It also has provided assistance to Environmental Justice clinics that can work with community organizations on how to petition for something that is both an eyesore and environmental damage, to rid it of it, or to get the entity, the corporation, the small business, whatever it is, to clean it up. It makes it better for all concerned. Mr. Chair, I would just ask and recognize that this is part of civic participation, and these grants should be allowed. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I just have to ask the question. Tragedies like the water crisis in Flint, Michigan, demonstrate the issues surrounding environmental justice to continue to persist in our country. So the question is: When did it become partisan to ensure children drink clean water? This amendment ignores the need to identify and address disproportionately high adverse human health and environmental effects on minority and low income populations. I urge, I implore the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Chair, if he suspects that there is waste in this program, let’s do the oversight together. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and to stand with communities and the disenfranchised over corporations. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. b1945 
AMENDMENT NO . 70 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 70 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to pay attorney’s fees pursuant to a settlement in any case, in which the Federal Government is a party, that arises under— (1) the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.); (2) the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.); or (3) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment, which seeks to crack down on the practice commonly known as sue and settle. When Federal agencies settle lawsuits with outside advocacy groups behind closed doors, the outcome is pretty much what you would expect: costly new regulatory burdens with taxpayers picking up the tab. That is exactly how sue and settle works. Federal agencies accept lawsuits from outside advocacy organizations and, rather than defend themselves, proceed to settle that lawsuit in a closeddoor agreement, resulting in new and more costly regulations. It is bad enough that the taxpayer ultimately pays for these regulations, but under current law, it is the taxpayer footing the bill for attorneys’ fees for these outside organizations. That is absurd. My amendment prevents American taxpayer dollars from being used to pay the legal fees of outside advocacy groups for settlements under the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, and the Endangered Species Act. Organizations can still sue whomever they want, but they cannot do it on the backs of taxpayers. Fortunately, we are making progress to end this practice. In the House, we have passed this amendment several times before, and the Trump administration has taken notice of our efforts. The Trump administration sees this practice for what it is: an abuse of our regulator process that must be reined in. The EPA announced last fall that it will no longer pay attorneys’ fees as part of the settlement process and will ensure stakeholders have input and a more transparent settlement process. This amendment will help bolster the administration’s efforts to stop this abusive practice. The Trump administration realizes that nowhere is the cost of these settlements more painful than in the environmental regulatory context. The result of these lawsuits is hundreds of new regulations and tens of millions— even billions—of dollars in compliance costs. If that isn’t bad enough, as part of the agreements, agencies are often required to reprioritize their agendas, allocating limited resources to the priorities of these interest groups rather than priorities designated by Congress or ones that have received public and stakeholder input. The American people are tired of our unaccountable Federal Government, and we have the opportunity to do something about it. This is a necessary step to rein in overregulation and bring transparency back to the regulatory process. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I am a little confused, because it would be only when the Trump administration would decide to be a party of a lawsuit that this judgment would ever be used. So I would assume that you would trust the Trump administration to be overly judicious before involving itself with any suit, would you not? I yield to the gentleman from Missouri. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. I support the Trump administration, but I also support our duty under the Constitution to make sure we tell the executive what to do. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Reclaiming my time, Mr. Chairman, that is why I am confused, because this would be the Trump administration. The gentleman said, if I heard him correctly, Mr. Chair, that he would expect the Trump administration to be very judicious in using this. 
So I find this amendment is extraneous. It puts the same parameters on attorneys’ fees under the ESA, the Clean Air Act, and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act that are already in place for attorneys’ fees under the Equal Access to Justice Act. The Equal Access to Justice Act already caps the hourly rate of attorneys’ fees, unless the court determines an increase in the cost of living or special factors such as limited availability of qualified attorneys for the proceedings justifies a higher fee. And it requires the party to be a prevailing party. Mr. Chairman, we don’t need to add an extraneous, redundant provision to a bill that is already overburdened with harmful legislative riders, especially when I trust that the Trump administration would be very limited and very judicious in ever using this. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time and my right to close. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ). Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. This amendment would block funds used by the agencies to pay legal fees under any lawsuit settlement that arises under the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, and the Endangered Species Act. While the intent of these pieces of legislation was good, serial litigants and special interest groups have turned these laws into tools used to block access to our forests and our mineral resources. In Montana, we have a litigation problem, as many of our forest management projects are locked up by environmental extremists filing frivolous lawsuits. Agencies spend more time behind a desk and more resources defending their actions than they do working on our lands. These lawyers continue to get richer as Montana’s landscape goes up in smoke and taxpayer funds are wasted. This same amendment passed the House last September, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment again. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the right to close. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), who is the subcommittee chairman. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amendment. Suing the government and settling has become a lucrative business that is supported by taxpayer dollars. The Endangered Species Act, for example, has become wrapped around the axle of the judicial system by excessive litigation. We are essentially paying people to sue the Federal Government. This needs to stop. Mr. Chairman, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the amendment. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, the sueandsettle practice cuts stakeholders and the public out of the regulatory process. It undermines the Article I authority we hold here in Congress. By restricting the payment of legal fees, we take away the incentive for these environmental advocacy groups to sue the Federal Government, and we protect public input in the rulemaking process. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This amendment is unnecessary and duplicative. The Equal Access to Justice Act already provides a framework for legal fees related to cases in which the Federal Government is a party. I find myself standing here as a Democrat, a person who has been resisting almost everything that President Trump has been trying to do in the environmental arena and other arenas that affect healthcare and so much more, but I find myself defending the Trump administration’s right in which they are a party to participate in the Equal Access to Justice Act, just as I did for President Obama’s administration. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to stop, take a minute, think about what this amendment is really doing, and agree with me that we should oppose this amendment. We should not stop the Federal Government when it is involved in cases and is a party from participating in the Equal Access to Justice Act. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 71 OFFERED BY MR . LARSON OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 71 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 148, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $100,000) (increased by $100,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. LARSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment to require a Federal study on the financial impact of the disaster known as crumbling foundations that is plaguing parts of the Northeast, including my home State of Connecticut, Massachusetts, and with further study, we believe, it impacts much of the northeastern region of our country. This amendment simply asks for the Treasury to lead a joint study with our Federal regulators to assess the financial impact of this disaster and provide recommendations to help mitigate Federal and local losses, and help these suffering homeowners who, through no fault of their own, have experienced a catastrophic disaster. There is no one who has worked harder on this in our State of Connecticut than JOECOURTNEY . JOEhas been a leader in this, organizing people in both the State and local arenas, as well as our two United States Senators BLUMENTHAL and M URPHY . JOEhas led the way, and I have had the fortune, along with State Senator Tim Larson, to travel to South Windsor, East Windsor, and Manchester, Connecticut, and witness the devastation and the heartache that these homeowners go through. I know, looking out and seeing Mr. YOUNG , he will remember what happened in the South with the famous, or infamous, China drywall. It is similar to that experience, where homeowners and individuals, through no fault of their own, experienced catastrophic loss. We have been working tirelessly on this effort and feel that this study, in fact, will reveal the impact that it will have on homeowners, many of whose loans and homes have been backed by GSEs Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and even as we project out into the future, having Federal bases there where this concrete may have been used that has impacted the people there in a dramatic fashion. As I indicated, nobody knows more about this issue and has studied it more thoroughly than Congressman JOECOURTNEY from the Second Congressional District. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ) to explain further the issue of crumbling foundations. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. LARSON for yielding and, again, for offering this amendment, which has been part of a number of initiatives that we have worked on jointly together to deal with this issue. Again, for the record, just to clarify what is going on here, a concrete quarry up in north central Connecticut, 
which had been mining aggregate for foundations in homes, it turned out there was a material called pyrrhotite, which is an iron sulfide material that, over time, when it is exposed to moisture, rusts and cracks in a sickening fashion and results in the total collapse of home foundations. The estimate is as high as 19,000 homes have had foundations using material from this quarry. As the gentleman pointed out, this has also occurred in western Massachusetts. It goes as far north, actually, as Three Rivers, Quebec, because it is a strain of pyrrhotite that runs from Canada down through New England. This picture shows vividly the damage caused to a home in Coventry, Connecticut, where the repairs require you to lift the house, clean out the old foundation, pour a new foundation, and, again, lower the house back. It costs roughly about $200,000. We were able to secure a tax ruling from the Treasury Department that allows individuals like this homeowner in the picture to basically deduct those losses, which, again, is some relief. Frankly, there is more that we need to bring to the table. The gentleman’s amendment would allow the Federal regulators that set up the rules for lending banks and institutions to get some flexibility for loantovalue ratio rules that occur when there are natural disasters. b2000 Again, in Federal natural disasters in places like Florida and Texas, there is some flexibility to allow homeowners to get a loan perhaps above the loan tovalue ratios so they can, again, basically conduct repairs to make their houses habitable again. This amendment will set up that process. Secretary Mnuchin, as the gentleman and I know we have met with personally, would be the Department that would organize this task force that the amendment contemplates. Again, it is something which the banking industry in Connecticut and Massachusetts has expressed a strong interest in basically allowing some relief for homeowners who, again, have poured their heart and soul into their homes to be able to recover their losses. I thank the gentleman for offering this amendment. We had a similar amendment last night that was adopted by Mr. CALVERT . Again, I want to thank the majority for their understanding on this issue. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Chair, I would also like to thank Secretary Mnuchin again for his outstanding work, his understanding and empathy, and the prompt manner in which they have taken up what, as you can imagine for these homeowners, is just catastrophic in nature. We want to commend him and also the Tax Advocate as well for their testimony before the Ways and Means Committee on this very important issue. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. LARSON ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 72 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 72 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 156, line 2, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. Page 157, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. Page 221, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. Page 224, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alaska. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment No. 72 to provide additional funding for the Native American CDFI Assistance Program. This program supports critical economic development in Native communities, which face significant barriers to accessing basic financial services and capital. For example, almost all Alaska Native villages in my State do not have banks and are not connected to the road system. The Native program provides financial assistance and technical assistance awards on a competitive basis to Native CDFIs, allowing them to effectively build wealth and further economic selfdetermines in Native communities. These missiondriven Native organizations are working to finance businesses, create jobs, expand and improve affordable housing options, and much more. The Native program accounts for a small portion of the fund’s overall budget but has a significant positive impact, which includes empowering Alaska Natives to improve their economic wellbeing in my home State. Without my amendment, a cut to the Native program in FY 2019 would be especially devastating to our Nation’s impoverished and underserved Native communities. I urge my colleagues to support this noncontroversial bipartisan amendment to restore funding for the Native program. My amendment, when considered with Representative STEVEN PALAZZO ’s CDFI amendment, would restore the program to the current enacted level of $16 million so the Native organizations may continue growing small businesses, create jobs, and promote vital economic development in Native communities. I would like to thank the Native CDFI Network and the amendment’s cosponsors, Representative GWEN MOORE , COLLEEN HANABUSA , and T ULSI GABBARD . Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ). Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague for introducing this amendment of which I am a proud cosponsor. This amendment provides additional funding for the Native American CDFI Assistance Program, also known as NACA, which supports critical economic development in Native communities like mine in Hawaii, those in Alaska, and communities all across the country which already face significant barriers to accessing financial mainstream services and capital. NACA accounts for a small portion of the CDFIs, but it provides significant support to Native CDFIs, including Native Hawaii organizations in my home State of Hawaii. Of the $22.7 million in CDFI awards made to Hawaii since the fund was launched, 41 percent of total dollars awarded came from this NACA Program. It has funded organizations like the Council for Native Hawaiian Advancement, which supports Native Hawaiian communities with homeownership counseling and mortgage loans, small business access to capital, and loans to farmers and ranchers. While the NACA Program is unable to meet the demand by qualified Native CDFIs at its current funding level, a cut to NACA in FY 2019 would be especially devastating to our Nation’s impoverished and underserved Native communities. I urge my colleagues to join my colleague from Hawaii, Representative COLLEEN HANABUSA , and me to support this noncontroversial, bipartisan amendment to restore funding to NACA. The amendment, when considered with Representative PALAZZO ’s CDFI amendment, would restore NACA to the current enacted level of $16 million so that Native CDFIs may continue growing small businesses, creating jobs, and promoting vital economic opportunity and development in Native communities. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for her comments. This is a good amendment to this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 73 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 73 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 156, line 2, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 221, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. Page 224, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New Mexico. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Chair, my amendment increases funding for community development financial institutions, CDFIs. CDFIs are critical to New Mexican communities because they provide financial products like loans, investments, and tax credits to underserved communities, including poor, rural, and Tribal areas. This helps New Mexican entrepreneurs obtain capital to start and grow small businesses. It enables pueblos to build housing, and it provides access to economic development opportunities for rural communities throughout my State. There are currently 19 CDFIs in New Mexico, which have received $48 million in Federal grants since 1996. In total, CDFIs have provided 14,700 loans worth more than $830 million for New Mexico communities, organizations, and individuals. On average, every dollar in CDFI funding can be leveraged for 12 times that amount. It should come as no surprise just how critical this funding is for the economic development of my State, which is still struggling to recover from the recession. For example, when no other lenders would give them a loan, the Clinica la Esperanza in the South Valley received a $31,000 loan from the Accion CDFI to provide muchneeded primary care to residents in the South Valley. A few years later, the clinic received an additional $76,000 from Accion to move to a larger location in order to serve a larger client base of 3,800 patients. Another example of CDFI lending is Tiwa Lending Services, which provides loans and financial education to the Pueblo of Isleta and other surrounding Native American communities. And just last month, Clearinghouse CDFI received a $3.2 million grant to build affordable housing in several States, including New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, the evidence is clear. CDFIs have proven to be successful drivers of economic growth and development in underserved areas. They create jobs, provide American opportunity, and stimulate growth. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to increase funding for CDFIs to help spur economic development in communities throughout the country. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 74 OFFERED BY MR . PALAZZO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 74 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 156, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $17,000,000)’’. Page 157, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 158, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $4,000,000)’’. Page 158, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. PALAZZO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Mississippi. Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is very simple. During committee markup of this bill, we were successful in adding a restoration of $25 million to the CDFI fund. Because of the way the amendment was drafted in committee, this secondary amendment is necessary to designate the individual funds within the CDFI account. The CDFI banks that this amendment seeks to assist provide essential financial products to underserved populations, often the poorest of the poor. Additionally, financial literacy education provided by CDFI banks is an invaluable service to our most atrisk and disadvantaged communities across the Nation. Again, this amendment is purely clerical in nature and ensures that the $25 million added at committee markup is equitably distributed between the separate CDFI funds so it can do the most good for our most needy. Mr. Chair, I ask the House to pass this amendment to ensure these reach their intended recipients, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. I was disappointed that this bill originally cut CDFI by $59 million and was very supportive of the full committee amendment that Mr. PALAZZO  offered to add $25 million to the program, which passed with bipartisan support. This amendment simply allocates that increase among the various worthy programs in CDFI. I am particularly pleased to note that the Bank Enterprise Award Program and Healthy Food Financing Initiative received some of the funding, although I would like to point out that this increase alone does not bring any of the individual programs to their enacted levels and still leaves CDFI $34 million, or 14 percent, below the current level. I urge support of the amendment and hope that we will be able to work towards getting the CDFI the additional increases it needs in conference. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his remarks. Seeing no other speakers, I would like to thank the chairman and ranking member for their support in committee for restoring the funds. Mr. Chairman, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. PALAZZO ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 75 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 75 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 160, line 3, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’ before ‘‘shall’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, my amendment would increase funding for the Tax Counseling for the Elderly Program by $1 million. For this amendment, we are not taking the $1 million from any other account. Rather, there is a $2.4 billion account for taxpayer services, and this simply adds to the carveout from that total for Tax Counseling for the Elderly. b2015 This amendment is identical to an amendment I offered last year that passed this body by a voice vote, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment again this year. The Tax Counseling for the Elderly program offers free tax help for individuals who are aged 60 or older. Cooperative grant agreements are entered into between the IRS and eligible organizations to provide tax assistance to elderly taxpayers. These funds provided by the IRS are used by organizations to reimburse volunteers for their outof pocket expenses, including transportation, meals, and other expenses incurred by them in providing tax counseling assistance at locations convenient to the taxpayer. 
This amendment will restore funding to this program at the level that passed both the House last year and the Congress in the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2018. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment; I thank the chairman for his support; and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 76 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 76 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 160, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, my amendment would increase funding for the IRS’s identity theft and refund fraud casework by $500,000. For this amendment, we are not taking the $500,000 from any account. Rather, there is a $2.4 billion account for Taxpayer Services, and this simply adds to the carveout from that total for the Taxpayer Advocate Services identity theft and refund fraud casework. This amendment will restore funding to this program at the level that passed the Congress in the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2018. Last year, there were 597,000 tax returns with confirmed identity theft, resulting in $6 billion in taxpayer refunds being affected. Identity theft can be frustrating and confusing to victims. While identity thieves steal information from sources outside the tax system, the IRS is often the first to inform a victim that their identity has been stolen. The IRS is working hard to resolve identity theft cases as quickly as possible and has made considerable progress at closing backlogs; however, more work remains. Fighting identity theft is an ongoing battle, as identity thieves continue to create new ways of stealing personal information and using it for their gain. Identity theft cases are among the most complex handled by the IRS. The IRS is continually reviewing processes and policies to minimize instances of identity theft and to help those who find themselves victimized. We, as a Congress, should be giving the IRS the resources necessary to close backlogs and help our constituents as expeditiously as possible. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment; I thank the chairman for his support; and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 77 OFFERED BY MR . CARBAJAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 77 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Strike section 125 of title I of division B. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from California (Mr. CARBAJAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, this week President Trump’s Treasury Secretary, Steven Mnuchin, decided that the agency will no longer collect information on donations to political nonprofits. This administration will no longer require 501(c)(4) organizations to disclose their donors, including groups like the National Rifle Association, the NRA, that operates as a nonprofit, but also spends millions of dollars each year on lobbying and advertising to influence our elections. This announcement comes the same week that the Department of Justice arrested and charged a known Russian foreign agent who had infiltrated the NRA, an organization that has received thousands of dollars from Russian nationals since 2015. The Treasury Secretary’s decision this week only thickens the swamp by unleashing a new opportunity for dark money and money from foreign powers to continue to flood our upcoming midterm elections. I believe that we need more transparency in our elections, not less. While super PACs are currently required to disclose donors, now 501(c)(4)s are not. If you were a donor looking to influence elections and wanted to hide your identity, the underlying bill is currently making 501(c)(4) organizations an even more attractive way to conceal contributions. There is a provision in today’s appropriations package that prohibits the IRS—prohibits the IRS—from issuing guidance on whether an organization is operating exclusively for the promotion of social welfare purposes, as written in the IRS code for 501(c)(4) nonprofits, to ensure that no one is abusing our Tax Code to influence our elections. My amendment simply strikes out that provision so that the IRS may issue guidance differentiating which groups are truly social welfare organizations with a charitable mission from political organizations abusing our nonprofit tax laws to hide their political donors from the public. More and more, our elections are being driven by organizations that are receiving hundreds of millions of dollars in unreported, secret donations. Dark money is strangling our democracy and silencing the will of the American people. In the 2012 presidential election, darkmoney groups such as these spent over a quarter of a billion dollars on partisan political advertising and other campaign activities. In 2014, we saw the greatest wave of secret, specialinterest money ever raised in a congressional election. Moreover, in 2016, darkmoney groups spent nearly 10 times what they did the previous cycle, totaling over $1.1 billion, and that pattern of undisclosed political spending continues to grow this year. These political nonprofit organizations are receiving taxexempt treatment and are being allowed to corrupt Federal tax law meant to help social welfare organizations like volunteer firefighters, rotary clubs, and other community service groups. Our current election laws make it impossible to know where this money is coming from or if it is coming from foreign adversaries, like we saw recently with the NRA. This amendment is not partisan and will only continue to allow the IRS to identify nonprofits that are spending significant amounts of their money to influence our elections, regardless of their party affiliation. Mr. Chairman, at this pivotal moment in our democracy, I urge my colleagues who are serious about draining the swamp to take this small step towards increased transparency in our political process. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from California. We have carried this provision the past 3 years in this very same bill. In fact, it has been signed into law, not only by President Trump, but also by President Barack Obama. It has been bipartisan in nature. Retaining section 125 continues the current state of affairs as we know it today on this very, very sensitive issue. The IRS has limited resources at this time, but a lot of demands on them. Taking this section away and impacting this regulation that clearly everyone hates—we should have the IRS use their resources for the things that it should be intended for: resources to improve customer service, to implement tax reform law that we recently passed, reducing tax fraud, and moving ahead in this new tax season. Mr. Chairman, reluctantly, I have to rise in opposition and ask that we continue the current law as it stands today. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the feedback from my colleague. Mr. Chair, this will not detour or take away from the efficiency of the focus of work and spending of resources by the IRS. This only does a fundamental thing, and that is provide for more disclosure and transparency to ensure that the American public has sunshine on who is spending what resources through which organizations. This amendment merely provides that transparency. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I’ll close with this. I appreciate the gentleman’s sentiments towards how the IRS should use their resources. Being a member of the Appropriations Committee and a member of this subcommittee my entire time on the full committee, I can assure you that the IRS is operating at a level that was not last seen since about 2011. Their resources are tremendously limited at this time, and we would prefer that they focus on customer service and implementing the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that we recently passed. Mr. Chair, I’ll continue to oppose the gentleman’s amendment, ask the House to do the same, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. CARBAJAL ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 78 OFFERED BY MR . KUSTOFF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 78 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 185, line 8, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increase by $5,000,000)’’. Page 221, line 13, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. Page 224, line 19, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. KUSTOFF ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to increase funding for the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas program by $5 million. I have had numerous conversations with law enforcement throughout my district, and it is crystal clear that the opioid epidemic continues to be one of their primary concerns. Our drug task forces in the Eighth Congressional District desperately need these resources, as we have seen a spike in narcotics trafficking along Interstate 40 in Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, I know that many of my colleagues are having similar discussions in their district, so they understand just how serious this issue is becoming for the safety and the security of the American people. It is no secret that the spread of illegal drugs throughout west Tennessee and across the Nation leads to higher crime rates, which ultimately increases the financial strain on our local, State, and Federal law enforcement. We must do more to support law enforcement in this fight. This amendment will provide necessary funds for additional equipment and manhours to conduct and carry out lengthy investigations to arrest these drug traffickers. The brave men and women in uniform are working tirelessly on the front lines to combat the opioid epidemic, and we can’t afford to simply sit back and watch. We also must think of the resources needed to battle the drug addiction epidemic, such as the opioid crisis. The extra funding will take major steps to target these highrisk areas in a front end approach to preventing the spread of the opioid crisis in our communities. We must be proactive now, because prevention is the best longterm solution. I am a former United States attorney, and I have seen firsthand how much these funds can make a huge difference in forward progress. I believe that funding the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area program is a good first step to supporting our law enforcement and combating rampant opioid epidemics. Law enforcement at the local, State, and Federal level have expressed support for this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to do the same today. I also want to thank my colleagues, Mrs. COMSTOCK and Mr. M CKINLEY , for their hard work and support of this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. b2030 The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. KUSTOFF ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 79 OFFERED BY MRS . MURPHY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 79 printed in House Report 115–830. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 246, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. MURPHY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this bipartisan amendment, which I am proud to colead with the Congressman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ), the Congressman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ), and the Congressman from Nebraska (Mr. BACON ). This amendment would provide additional support for two important and successful initiatives overseen by the U.S. Small Business Administration. First, it would increase funding for SBA Women’s Business Centers by $600,000. This amendment builds on a successful floor amendment I offered to last year’s bill, which boosted funding for WBCs by $1 million. If our amendment is adopted, the House would provide a total of $19 million for WBCs, a substantial funding level that I will work to retain when the House and the Senate meet to reconcile their respective bills. There are more than 100 Women’s Business Centers located across the country, each operated by a local nonprofit organization that receives financial support from SBA and others. These WBCs provide business training, counseling, and mentoring geared to women, especially those who are socially and economically disadvantaged. Every WBC tailors its services to the specific needs of the community in which it is located, but all provide training in finance, management, and marketing. They also help clients utilize SBA’s suite of capital, counseling, and contracting programs. My central Florida district is home to many talented entrepreneurs, and, yet, it currently lacks a WBC. If this amendment is adopted, it will increase the number of WBCs that can be established nationwide and increase the chances that a WBC will be established in the Orlando area. This would help many of my constituents start or grow their small businesses and, in doing so, further strengthen our local economy. In addition, our amendment would increase funding for SBA’s Veterans Outreach programs by $400,000, from $12.3 million to $12.7 million. Each year, SBA uses these resources to serve more than 200,000 veterans and their families, including servicedisabled veterans. SBA provides veterans with business training and mentorship, and helps them obtain loans, apply for Federal contracts, and cultivate connections with commercial supply chains. My support for these investments in our veterans is rooted in the belief that servicemembers have fought for our Nation, and, we, as a Nation, must fight for them, both while they are in the military and once they transition to civilian life. Our amendment does not increase the total amount of founding appropriated by Congress in the bill, and it enhances support for WBCs and veterans programs without reducing support for any other priorities. 
I thank the Rules Committee for allowing the House to consider this bipartisan amendment. I respectfully ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. MURPHY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 80 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 80 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 248, line 17, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment. Employee owned businesses are uniquely structured where the employer and the shareholders and the executives benefit, as well as the workers. There are different forms of making sure that employees can participate in the success and capital growth of a company. Those include coops, cooperatives; ESOPs, which stands for employee stock ownership plans; stock options; profit sharing. There are a number of ways to do it. But some of the key findings are that, over time, employees at employeeowned businesses, whether they are partially or entirely owned by employees, have greater success. The companies do better and the workers do better: higher wages; more savings for retirement; more sustainability; and more profitability as an enterprise, because it improves retention rates and employee morale. I think that employeeowned businesses are an important marketoriented mechanism to reduce the wage gap between executives, shareholders, and workers. But it can be difficult for a business to transition to an employeeownership model or a business structure that allows for accessing financing and capital markets to make that transition happen. That is why I am sponsoring this amendment today to encourage the Small Business Administration to provide technical assistance, as well as education and outreach about existing programs, one of which is called the loan guarantee program, which is available to employeeowned businesses. SBA loans are a critical resource for many small businesses, and the employeeowned loan guarantee program is underutilized because a lot of lenders don’t understand the unique nature of employeeowned businesses, especially smaller banks. ESOPs can be a very compelling model, as can the other models of employee ownership. There are a number of successful employeeowned companies in the district I am honored to represent in northern Colorado, including New Belgium Brewing. SBA loans are actually a critical part of helping companies make that transition to employee ownership, especially for small and midsized enterprises. I encourage the adoption of my amendment to help employeeowned businesses access financing options that will help small businesses grow, and help our communities retain community, local employee ownership of small businesses. I encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this amendment to highlight the role that SBA can play in making employee ownership options a reallife occurrence for more companies and people across our country. Mr. Chairman, of course, there are a number of pieces of legislation, many of them bipartisan, under the jurisdiction of different committees with regard to how we can remove barriers to employee ownership in our economy. But this simple one before us today would simply encourage the SBA to provide technical assistance under current authorized, funded programs, to help make sure that there is a greater awareness about the opportunities of employee ownership, both for economic productivity as well as for reducing the equity and wage gap in our country. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 81 OFFERED BY MR . CARBAJAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 81 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee for the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. CAPUANO ), and I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from California (Mr. CARBAJAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, this amendment strikes section 628 of the underlying bill prohibiting the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC, from issuing rules on disclosures for corporations spending money to influence our elections, primarily through paid advertising. The Supreme Court’s 2010 Citizens United decision means that corporations, even foreigncontrolled corporations, are now allowed to spend unlimited amounts of money to influence American elections. Publicly traded corporations can buy millions of dollars’ worth of TV, social media, and radio ads without disclosing their political expenditures to their shareholders. This outside spending in our elections has created a greater need for Members to raise more money for their campaigns and less time legislating. This has eroded the public’s faith in our institutions and is damaging to our democracy. Families in my district and across the country are concerned about paying their children’s tuition or medical bills, not spending thousands of dollars to influence Federal elections. Their voices shouldn’t be drowned out by millions of dollars of secret special interest advertising from corporations. A corporation’s main goal is to make a profit, not to improve the quality of life for all Americans. They shouldn’t have a say in our elections without their shareholders and the public knowing about it. That is why we cannot muzzle the SEC’s ability to issue rules regarding disclosures for publicly traded corporations on all their political expenditures. Stockholders and voters have been clear: They want to know the details of the political donations of the companies they own and give their business to. In fact, more than 1.2 million comments have been submitted to the SEC requesting that they require political disclosure by publicly traded companies. That is the largest number of comments on a rule in the history of the agency. Congress should stop standing in the way of the SEC’s mission, which is to provide transparency to the markets and the public. This amendment does not infringe on a corporation’s right to spend money on political activity. It would just allow the SEC to disclose what money is being spent. This is yet another opportunity for my Republican colleagues to prevent special interests from gaining even more pull in Washington and begin draining that swamp. This should not be a Democrat or a Republican issue, and it goes to the heart of our democracy and maintaining a government that is of, by, and for the American people. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to adopt this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, since the courts have weighed in, Democrats have been attempting to use the securities laws to mandate the disclosure of 
companies’ political spending activities in order to name and shame companies from engaging in such free speech activity. Time and time again, when the issue of political disclosure has come up as a shareholder proposal at every company’s annual proxy meeting where it has been proposed, it has been shot down. It has been defeated. In fact, according to Proxy Monitor, the average percentage vote in favor of a political disclosure shareholder proposal in 2016 was just 23 percent support. Shareholders have repeatedly weighed in against requiring disclosure of this information and do not believe it is important in making their own investment decisions regarding that company. Our securities laws and disclosure requirements have always centered on the concept of materiality, as determined by the Supreme Court, whether an omitted fact is material by looking at ‘‘whether there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable shareholder would consider it important in deciding how to vote.’’ In fact, under the Obama administration, former SEC Chair Mary Jo White declined to advance a political disclosure rule, stating it was ‘‘not one of the priorities we are advancing.’’ Additionally, former Chair White was vocal about ensuring that disclosures were not causing informational overload for investors. As a member of the Financial Services Committee, we heard repeated—repeated—testimony on that fact. This provision to prevent the SEC from issuing a political disclosure rule has continually been part of appropriations packages that have been signed into law by Presidents of both parties and should continue to stay as part of this package. b2045 Now, earlier you heard that the mission of the SEC is to provide transparency. Let me read exactly what the mission of the Securities and Exchange Commission is: ‘‘The mission of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is to protect investors; maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets; and facilitate capital formation.’’ This simply does not fit into that tripartite mission of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now, with that being said, nothing— and let me repeat that, nothing—prevents companies from voluntarily reporting this information if they believe that it is important for them to make such disclosures or for their shareholders to also vote that way. So all companies, private and public, should remain free to do just that: make that decision as they decide is the best course for that particular company. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, this is not about shaming anyone. This does not restrict free speech or the ability of corporations to engage in political activity. It only allows the SEC to require disclosure of corporate political spending, a little bit of transparency providing disclosure to the public, so that they clearly know the companies that they are investing their money in. Moreover, more than 150 large companies, including more than half of the companies in the S&P 100, are disclosing their political spending already. Investors have filed over 300 shareholder proposals since 2011 asking companies to disclose political spending. This is all about transparency and protecting our democracy. We should not be scared of giving the public more information. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I will repeat a couple of things very briefly. All of these proxy proposals have garnered 23 percent, average, support, so there is not widespread support among the investors. And again, I will repeat that three pronged mission that the Securities and Exchange Commission has: ‘‘protect investors; maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets; and facilitate capital formation.’’ This particular effort does none of those things, advances none of those things, and that is why I oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. CARBAJAL ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 82 OFFERED BY MR . ZELDIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 82 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to enforce section 540 of Public Law 110–329 (122 Stat. 3688) or section 538 of Public Law 112–74 (125 Stat. 976; 6 U.S.C. 190 note). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my important bipartisan amendment to halt the sale and marketing of Plum Island, New York, by the General Services Administration. Situated at the gateway of the Long Island Sound, Plum Island is a treasure for our local community in both New York and Connecticut. As a critical resource for research, approximately 90 percent of the land on Plum Island has been sheltered from development, protecting the diverse ecosystem of Long Island Sound and critical habitat for migratory birds, marine mammals, and rare plants. With recorded history dating back to the 1700s, Plum Island is also an essential cultural and historical resource. Since World War II, Plum Island has been utilized as a resource laboratory. The facility, which has been under Federal jurisdiction since 1899, has since grown to become what is known today as the Plum Island Animal Disease Center. In 2005, the Department of Homeland Security, which currently has jurisdiction over the island, announced that the Animal Disease Center would be moved to a new Federal facility in Kansas. To offset the cost of this relocation, a law was enacted in 2008 that called for the private sale of Plum Island to the highest bidder. The traditional interagency consultation process regarding the disposal of Federal property was bypassed, fasttracking the potential sale of this island without consulting the local community or other Federal agencies. This statutory mandate was also based on a false assumption that a sale could offset the cost of the new facility, when the true value of the island, including cleanup costs, still are not clear. The town of Southold, New York, has local jurisdiction over the island and has passed ordinances preventing any private development. This factor, coupled with the significant cleanup and environmental mitigation costs associated with closing this facility, gives Plum Island little to no commercial value. Furthermore, according to a DHS report issued in April of 2016, the new site in Manhattan, Kansas, is already fully paid for through a combination of Federal appropriations and State funding. Allowing for continued research, public access, and permanent preservation of the island is a priority shared by elected officials, conservation groups, and local residents on both sides of the sound. The GSA must stop advancing the sale of this island and stop wasting taxpayer money on retaining expensive real estate firms in violation of the will of the people and in spite of pending litigation over this proposed sale. This amendment allows Congress to use the power of the purse to stop the GSA from marketing or selling the island while we continue the fight for a permanent solution that will preserve the island for conservation and education. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment passed the House on a bipartisan vote in 2016 as part of Financial Services and General Government Appropriations. My similar standalone bill, the Plum Island Preservation Act, has also passed with unanimous support in the House now in two consecutive Congresses. Mr. Chairman, I once again urge all of my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I thank my partners from Connecticut, ROSA DELAURO and J OECOURTNEY , for once again introducing this amendment with me. I also thank my additional cosponsors from New York, KATHLEEN  RICE, TOMSUOZZI , and J OHNFASO. The broad range of bipartisan support for this effort throughout our region shows what an important gem Plum Island is for our environment and for our history. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 83 OFFERED BY MR . PALMER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 83 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available under title IV or title VIII of this Act may be used by the District of Columbia government to carry out the Health Insurance Requirement Amendment Act of 2018 (subtitle A of title V of the Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Support Act of 2018; D.C. Bill 22–753). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would prohibit funds from being used to carry out the District of Columbia’s Health Insurance Requirement Amendment Act of 2018. This is essentially the District’s version of ObamaCare’s individual mandate with a few important and troubling distinctions. The mandate requires that all residents of the District of Columbia purchase governmentsanctioned health insurance or pay what the District calls a ‘‘shared responsibility payment.’’ However, the mandate goes even further by allowing D.C. authorities to place liens on, seize, and sell the property of their residents if they are unwilling or unable to pay the tax penalty. Let me repeat. If a D.C. resident chooses not to purchase the governmentsanctioned health insurance plan or purchases health insurance that doesn’t meet the District of Columbia’s preferences, they will now have the authority to impose a tax penalty or seize and sell that person’s assets. But it gets worse. Every plan available through the D.C. Health Link covers elective abortion, which means that the mandate forces individuals who don’t wish to purchase this coverage to choose between violating their conscience and facing a tax penalty or, even worse, having their property seized. I am sure you will hear objections to Congress meddling in District of Columbia affairs, but I will remind those objectors that Article I, section 8, clause 17 of the Constitution vests Congress, not the D.C. City Council, with the authority to exercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever regarding the District. When the District of Columbia makes it a priority to force the residents to buy insurance coverage they neither want nor need, it is incumbent upon Congress to exercise their constitutional authority and prohibit the use of funds to carry out this policy. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in strong opposition to this amendment interfering in the local affairs of the District of Columbia. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, you wouldn’t know it from hearing the Member on the other side speak, but in 1973, Congress passed the bipartisan District of Columbia Home Rule Act, which created a locally elected government. According to the Home Rule Act, a central purpose of the act was to ‘‘relieve Congress of the burden of legislating upon essentially local District matters.’’ In his signing statement of the Home Rule Act, President Nixon wrote, ‘‘It will give the people of the District of Columbia the right . . . to govern themselves in local affairs. . . . ‘’ Yet the bill before us would either repeal or block the District of Columbia from carrying out or enacting five local laws. I filed amendments to strike all of these undemocratic riders, but the Rules Committee has blocked me from offering any of them on the floor, even though they all complied with House rules. I have gotten some of these amendments off in the past, and I intend to do so again, because this matter has to go to the Senate as well, Mr. Chairman. Adding insult to injury, the Rules Committee allowed this and one other undemocratic amendment to be offered. Republicans were not satisfied with sabotaging the Affordable Care Act by, among other things, reducing the penalty for failure to comply with the individual responsibility requirement to $0 in the recently enacted GOP tax scam. The ACA remains standing and popular, nevertheless, throughout the country. Mr. PALMER has moved to sabotage, therefore, the District of Columbia’s local health insurance market, too, and deny the 700,000 Federal taxpaying Americans who live in the District of Columbia access to quality, affordable health insurance coverage. This antidemocratic healthcare amendment is offered by Mr. PALMER  of Alabama, who doesn’t live in and is not responsible to the people of the District of Columbia, but answers to another district. I doubt that Representative PALMER ’s constituents want him taking time from their business to meddle in the business of another Member’s district. This amendment would prohibit the District from spending its own local funds, consisting solely of local taxes and fees, to carry out a local District of Columbia bill that requires individuals to maintain health coverage or to pay a penalty for failure to do so. I remind the House that three States have adopted this same approach. In response to Republican efforts to sabotage the ACA, the District of Columbia, like States across the country, decided to do what they could and, in our case, convened a working group that consisted of businesses, providers, consumers, and insurers on how to preserve quality, affordable coverage locally. In February, the working group unanimously recommended creating a local individual responsibility requirement—and I thought the other side was all about localism—and the District of Columbia Health Benefit Exchange Authority Executive Board unanimously supported the recommendation. b2100 The District of Columbia Mayor then included an individual responsibility of requirement in her budget, and the D.C. Council debated and unanimously passed the Health Insurance Requirement Amendment Act of 2018, as required by Congress. Thus, D.C. will join three States in requiring residents to maintain health insurance coverage, and more States are considering doing the very same thing. I urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this undemocratic, offensive, and harmful amendment that would reduce enrollment in the D.C. individual insurance market by 15 percent, and increase premiums. I ask the gentleman to stay out of the business of my district. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Alabama has 3 minutes remaining. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ). 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chair, I want to applaud my good friend from Alabama, Mr. PALMER , and my colleague from North Carolina, Mr. WALKER , for their work on this particular amendment. I couldn’t disagree more with the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia. This is not about individual liberties. In fact, this amendment supports individual liberties. It keeps liens from being placed on property. Quite frankly, Congress, overwhelmingly has supported repealing the individual mandate. And for some city to say that they are wanting to implement an individual mandate, it has nothing to do with healthcare. It has more to do with political statements. And I can tell you that to have the particular initiative here in Washington, D.C., limit shortterm health plans and, certainly, association health plans, it, again, is not about healthcare. So I would encourage an adoption of the amendment and stand for liberty. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the other distinguished gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ). Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of this amendment. In December, Congress passed historic tax reform that frees people from ObamaCare’s erroneous individual mandate which punished lower and middle income families for not buying health insurance they don’t want or cannot afford. Well, how does D.C. respond? The City Council has now decreed that all residents must buy health insurance, no matter the cost or need. And listen, if you refuse, not only will you be financially penalized, but the D.C. government can seize your personal property. What? The idea that a local government can force you to buy a private product just because of your zip code is unjust and unAmerican. Congress, which has direct oversight of D.C., cannot allow the District to ignore Federal law and use politics to punish their residents. I urge my colleagues to support the measure. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, how much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR (Mr. CURTIS ). The gentleman from Alabama has 1 minute remaining. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlemen from North Carolina, Mr. MEADOWS and Mr. W ALKER , for their support of this amendment. And I would just like to point out, as Mr. MEADOWS was pointing out, this is really about defending rights. This amendment prohibits the District of Columbia Council from imposing on individual property rights. It denies people the option to buy less expensive health insurance and insurance that they want and need. I would like to also point out that in ObamaCare, even there, there was no force imposed on people to buy health insurance. They could pay the penalty, or they could apply for a waiver with the IRS and, literally, millions did that. At no time did ObamaCare pose a threat to people’s property rights, as this amendment does. So, Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to stand up for the rights of the citizens of the District of Columbia to protect their property rights and support this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 84 OFFERED BY MR . MEADOWS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 84 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out section 1334 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chair, before I get into my amendment, I want to thank the chairman of the subcommittee and the entire staff for not only a very thoughtful bill that really requires very few amendments, but really working with Members of all different ideological stripes in our conference. And I look forward to being able to support this when it comes up for a vote tomorrow. My amendment prohibits funds from being used by the Office of Personnel Management, better known as OPM, to administer the ObamaCare’s multistate program. ObamaCare required OPM to contract with health insurers to make multistate plans available to consumers in all the States, and D.C., by 2017. Now, there is only one problem with that. There is only one State participating. And yet, here we continue to fund it. The multistate plan program has failed to meet its statutory requirements. It has failed to generate competition in the healthcare marketplace. And it has failed to lower health insurance premiums. According to OPM, the government has spent $53 million on administrative costs for this failed program. The evidence is clear: This program doesn’t work and it is a waste of taxpayer dollars. In fact, the Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation said eliminating funding for this plan will not affect the levels of competition or premiums in the insurance markets, nor would it affect any ObamaCare subsidies. So my amendment does not take funds away from OPM. It leaves more money for OPM to continue its other missioncritical programs without having to waste the time and resources on a poorlyfunctioning multistate plan program. I have got letters from the OPM, Office of Personnel Management, who administers the plan, supporting the elimination of this program. I also have a letter from the National Active and Retired Federal Employees Association, better known as NARFE, who represent the interests of more than 5 million Federal employees and retirees and their survivors, supporting the elimination of this program. So finally, this program is widely viewed by analysts on the both the left and the right as either a de facto public option or a plausible foundation for a future public option. The House should vote overwhelmingly to do away with this, and I urge my colleagues, both Democrats and Republicans, to do so. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. QUIGLEY. This amendment is another in a long line of attacks on the Affordable Care Act. It is, unfortunately, an example of Republicans turning to the appropriations process, instead of working through the appropriate channels via the authorization committees. Weighing down bills with partisan riders does nothing but make it more difficult to enact these spending bills, especially in a timely manner. Turning to the substance of the amendment, our constituents would be better served if we focused our efforts on extending quality, affordable coverage to more individuals, not eliminating plans. Healthcare is an essential right, and a healthy America is a more productive, safer, and better place to call home. I suggest my colleagues vote ‘‘no’’ on the Meadows amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have left? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from North Carolina has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentleman opposite with his articulation of opposition; but I find it 
interesting because the last time I checked, he is not from Arkansas, which is the only State that actually is benefiting from this. And yet, his State, my State, and every other State is paying for this for the benefit. And I would use that word very liberally, because it is not really benefiting them. They just keep it there. It is not lowering premiums in Arkansas. So at what time do we look at a failed Federal program and say enough is enough? I think that that day is today, and I urge all my colleagues to support this amendment. I want to thank the gentleman for his leadership. I urge a vote in support of this particular amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 85 OFFERED BY MR . ROTHFUS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 85 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available under title IV or title VIII of this Act may be used by the District of Columbia government to carry out section 47–4471, D.C. Official Code, with respect to the liability of a taxpayer under section 47–5108, D.C. Official Code (as added by subtitle A of title V of the Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Support Act of 2018; D.C. Bill 22–753). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of this amendment, a narrow amendment which simply prohibits any funds from going toward the District of Columbia from seizing property of citizens not in compliance with the District’s individual healthcare mandate. It is a narrower amendment than the one we just debated. My amendment does not take away the mandate. It simply says one of the remedies cannot be the seizure of property if an individual does not comply with the mandate to buy health insurance. The individual mandate is, of course, controversial. Even Barack Obama opposed it when he was running in 2008. In one of the debates in the 2008 primary, then Senator and Presidential candidate Obama said: ‘‘A mandate means that in some fashion, everybody will be forced to buy health insurance. . . . But I believe,’’ then candidate Obama said, ‘‘the problem is not that folks are trying to avoid getting healthcare. The problem is they can’t afford it.’’ He separately said: If the mandate was the solution, we could try to solve homelessness by mandating that everyone buy a house. The reason why they don’t have the house is they don’t have the money. So our focus has been on reducing costs and making it available. 
Regardless of what anyone on either side of the aisle thinks about a requirement to buy health insurance, it seems illadvised and unjust to take away property from people that cannot even afford insurance. I have to imagine that this was an oversight in writing the law, because surely no legislators could have intended such a harsh result. I would note, Mr. Chairman, that in 2015, 6,902 residents of the District of Columbia were forced to pay the mandate penalty. Seventyfive percent of them made less than $50,000. I hope that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will join me in supporting this commonsense measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in strong opposition to yet another amendment that interferes with another Member’s district, indicating that there is more than one Member in this body that does not have enough to do at home. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia is recognized for 5 minutes. b2115 Ms. NORTON. A few minutes ago, we debated an amendment offered by Representative GARY PALMER of Alabama that would prohibit the District from spending its own local funds, consisting solely of taxes and fees, to carry out a local D.C. bill, the Health Insurance Requirement Amendment Act of 2018, that requires individuals to maintain health insurance coverage or pay a tax penalty for failure to do so. This amendment before us now offered by this Member, Mr. ROTHFUS of Pennsylvania, seeks to weaken the coverage requirement by prohibiting D.C. from spending its local funds to carry out a method of tax collection in existing D.C. law to enforce the penalty. Mr. ROTHFUS has plenty to do representing his own district, but is now venturing far afield into a district represented by another Member of the House of Representatives. In particular, D.C. would be prohibited from using its local funds to collect the tax penalty by distraint, or the seizure of property to obtain payment, for failure to pay. The District is not unique in authorizing distraint, and it is seldom used. I can’t think of when it has been used. The seizure of property to settle tax debt is standard practice for the Federal Government, States, and cities across the country, including, would you believe, Representative ROTHFUS ’ State of Pennsylvania. Under title 53 of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, section 16031, Pennsylvania jurisdictions are allowed to collect taxes by distraint. I wonder if the sponsor has asked his own legislature to repeal that statute. Let him start at home before he tries to repeal something passed unanimously by the council of the District of Columbia. It is true that the Affordable Care Act prohibited the Internal Revenue Service from seizing property to collect the individual responsibility requirement tax penalty, although it did authorize the IRS to withhold the penalty amount from future tax refunds, which amounts to the very same thing. However, each State and the District is free to authorize distraint to collect the local individual responsibility requirement tax penalty. However, it is important to note, and I emphasize, that the District rarely seizes property to collect taxes owed. When it does, it does so only as a last resort. I can’t think of when this has even happened. If a payment plan or settlement could not be established with a taxpayer, the District would first turn to remedies like withholding tax refunds or garnishing wages, not seizing a house or a car. I am sure that is what happens in Mr. ROTHFUS ’ State of Pennsylvania as well. I will not tolerate Republicans, this Member or any other, using the District of Columbia to score points with opponents of the ACA. They haven’t been able to beat the ACA. This amendment is one of several that constitute the most significant abuse of Federal power over the District of Columbia since Republicans took control in 2011. So the ACA remains popular throughout the United States. They just can’t bear that. So Mr. ROTHFUS  moves on to the District, to see if he can do to the District what his side has not been able to do in the country for the ACA. We found greater respect for democratic selfrule in the Senate in getting such riders removed. We intend to do so again. Mr. Chair, I say to the gentleman, mind your own business. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to reject this abuse of power, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I would hope that the gentlewoman would realize that this amendment scores points for the 75 percent of the people who were subject to the penalty who made less than $50,000 a year. That is what happens when we have the mandate. 
And it is Federal policy now, Federal policy, that holds that people should not be punished if they can’t afford to purchase health insurance. They certainly shouldn’t be punished by having their property seized. And if it is only a few people, as the gentlewoman says, I would wonder why she is opposed to this amendment. This is the Federal city. It is Federal policy that people should not be so punished. President Obama, when he was running for President in 2008, was pretty clear. He knew what would happen. He observed what was going on with the Massachusetts mandate. He said: 
Now, Massachusetts has a mandate right now. They have exempted 20 percent of the uninsured because they’ve concluded that that 20 percent can’t afford it. In some cases, there are people who are paying fines and still can’t afford it. So now they are worse off than they were. They don’t have health insurance and they’re paying a fine. And in order for you to force people to get health insurance, you have to have a very harsh, stiff penalty. 
President Obama understood that. He understood, as a candidate, that it would be wrong to seize property. Again, when you look at the people who were being levied the penalty in 2015, when the ACA had a penalty, 75 percent of the people who paid the penalty in the District of Columbia made less than $50,000 a year. Again, President Obama as a candidate: 
I think it is important to recognize that, if you are going to mandate the purchase of insurance and it is not affordable, then there is going to have to be some enforcement mechanism that the government uses. It may charge people who don’t already have healthcare fines or have to take it out of their paychecks. 
And that, I don’t think, is helping people without health insurance. 
Again, he liked to keep on going and talking about Massachusetts. What is happening in Massachusetts, thencandidate Obama said: 
There are articles being written about it which are that folks are paying fines that don’t have healthcare. They would rather go ahead and take the fine, because they cannot afford coverage. 
Mr. Chairman, this is for the folks who may not be able to afford it, people making less than $50,000 a year. They shouldn’t have their property seized. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to accept this commonsense, narrow amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. The Chair understands that amendment No. 86 will not be offered. AMENDMENT NO . 87 OFFERED BY MR . MCHENRY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 87 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. MCHENRY. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the United States Postal Service to— (1) implement any approach in the report of the Office of Inspector General of the Postal Service on May 21, 2015, entitled ‘‘The Road Ahead for Postal Financial Services’’; or (2) carry out any pilot project pursuant to the report. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MCHENRY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. MCHENRY. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is very simple. It would bar the United States Postal Service from expanding on its current offerings of financial services and banking products. I think it is important that the Postal Service focus on its core business of delivering the mail. While the idea of postal banking is nothing new, it is still a terrible idea. In 2015, the inspector general for the Postal Service took the highly unusual step in proposing that the Postal Service should expand its banking services in areas like prepaid cards, savings products, and money orders. Since then, postal banking advocates have used the report to argue that the Postal Service has the authority to offer more banking products, all without congressional oversight or consent. Recent reports indicate that these efforts include using a pilot program to implement this awful idea. That is the reason why I am offering my amendment. To make things even worse, rather than proposing the idea legislatively, the current strategy of those advocating for postal banking is to institute the program via behindthescenes negotiation between government bureaucrats and liberal special interest groups. This amendment draws a clear, bright line that says that no taxpayer money shall be used to subsidize these quiet attempts at making postal banking a reality. Proponents of postal banking argue that it would help the underbanked in this country, but the simple fact is that socialized banking is not the answer. Instead, we have to focus on working together in a bipartisan way around financial innovation as the pathway toward financial inclusion. Postal banking is a giant step backward. The Postal Service, as I said, should focus on its core mission of delivering our mail. Postal banking would simply create yet another government program that fails to solve the underlying problem. Further, if Congress does not step in and stop this now, we endanger our small community banks and credit unions that are already in trouble, while at the same time putting an additional burden on the American taxpayer, who will be stuck footing the bill for this horrible idea. This amendment protects the American taxpayers from being forced to finance a terrible idea called postal banking. Its passage would also maintain the role of Congress in determining the fate of the Postal Service and postal banking, not government bureaucrats and interest groups. Mr. Chair, I urge support of my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, sadly, the provisions contained in this amendment would block the Postal Service from running a pilot program designed to improve operations and save taxpayers money, like allowing travelers to submit passport applications at post offices across the country. It would severely limit the potential of one of our most essential, constitutionally mandated government agencies, and hurt our communities and our citizens in the process. I represent not only countless letter carriers, but thousands of Ohioans who rely on the Postal Service for timely delivery of their Social Security checks, electric bills, and birthday cards from loved ones. Expanding the services provided at our Nation’s post offices would achieve two ends: supporting a great Federal job provider, and helping our communities and citizens at the same time. At a time when banks and other institutions are abandoning inner cities and rural communities, in my district alone, post offices present a perfect medium to collocate, including with traditional banks or credit unions. For example, in my home State, 18.6 percent of Cleveland households have no checking or savings account, and 24.1 percent of households are under banked, forced to use costly payday and auto title firms or currency exchange stores to cash paychecks or make consumer loans. More than 35 percent of Cleveland’s 389,000 residents live below the Federal poverty line. Many post offices are located in bank deserts. Fiftynine percent of post offices are in ZIP Codes with either zero banks or only one bank branch. By giving the Postal Service the opportunity to serve our communities in 
a more expansive capacity, we could also put the Postal Service back on the right track financially, bring back hundreds of American jobs, and, in so doing, restore faith in one of our most fundamental government services. The Postal Service is already providing an impressive, expansive, and affordable service to all the American people—and by the American people, by the way. I am fighting in Congress to support the hardworking employees of the Postal Service and our citizens, especially in underserved communities across not just my district, but our country. It is really horrendous to go into communities that have no financial services, where people are being ripped off every day. Mr. Chair, I hope my colleagues will join me in this effort and oppose this misguided amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield my remaining time to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ), a very able and intelligent Congressman. b2130 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time we have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment which would limit the Postal Service’s ability to offer products and services on a pilot basis that could help the Postal Service find its way to financial stability. At a time when the Postal Service is bleeding red ink, this bill takes away existing revenue and potential revenue. In fiscal year 2017, the Postal Service reported a loss of $2.7 billion, marking the 11th straight year in the red. And just coincidentally, it got in the red because Congress, in 2006, restricted what the Postal Service could do. Well, it really worked well: 11 years of red ink, putting the Postal Service in insolvency, technically. To address the Postal Service’s financial situation, the Postal Service needs financial relief, not further restrictions. H.R. 6076, the Postal Reform Act of 2018, which I introduced with the gentleman from North Carolina, Congressman MARK MEADOWS , on a bipartisan basis, passed the authorizing committee unanimously, and we are hoping to take it to the floor, and that is where it belongs, in an authorization bill, not as a rider on the appropriations bill. This bill even addresses issues raised by the gentleman from North Carolina’s amendment. Under the Postal Reform Act, the Postal Service would have to limit any new nonpostal products and services to only those provided to State, local, and Tribal governments and Federal agencies. The bill would preserve existing nonpostal products and services. However, this amendment is much more restrictive than that. This amendment includes a blanket prohibition that would prevent the Postal Service from implementing any other recommendations from a May 2015 Postal Service Inspector General Report, including improving its existing range of financial services, such as money orders. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Ranking Member LOWEY , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, this amendment, as I said, includes blanket prohibitions that would prevent the Postal Service from implementing the reports and recommendations of the 2015 Postal Service Inspector General Report, including improving its existing range of financial services, such as money orders. I might add, the assertions that have been made that there has been no congressional oversight, that is not true. My committee, the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, has had numerous hearings on the Postal Service, numerous briefings with the Postmaster General and her predecessor and his predecessor. We have marked up numerous bills. We finally got one we could agree on, and it is pending. That is how this should be done—not piecemeal, not in a way that further constrains and circumscribes the Postal Service that can only lead to more red ink. We are trying to save the Postal Service, which is mandated in the Constitution. It has a requirement for universal service that private sector firms do not. And we have allowed some pilot programs to see if they can work. They are not a threat to financial institutions. So we are fixing a problem here that does not really exist, and we are going to do real harm to a Postal Service we have already harmed with the 2006 legislation Congress passed in a lame duck session in the name of reform, and it backfired. It blew up, and it has done incalculable damage which we are now trying to repair to the Postal Service. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to reject this unwarranted intrusion into the prerogatives of the authorizing committee that is doing its job and has a bipartisan bill that passed our committee unanimously, which is a remarkable statement for the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. We ought not to be legislating on an appropriations bill in this way with respect to the Postal Service. It deserves better, our consumers deserve better, Postal Service customers deserve better, and we can do better. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCHENRY. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD a letter from the American Bankers Association, the Credit Union National Association, the Independent Community Bankers of America, and the National Association of Federally Insured Credit Unions in support of this amendment. JULY18, 2018. DEARCONGRESSMAN PATRICK MCHENRY : On behalf of our organizations and the Americans we represent, we write to express support of your Amendment to Division B, within the Financial Services and General Government section of H.R. 6147. This amendment would prohibit the use of any taxpayer funds for postal banking and financial services and prohibit the creation of any new pilot program that would expand this business practice through collective bargaining. While the USPS serves an important role in delivering mail and packages, we are concerned about expanding the Postal Service’s primary role and allowing the government to compete with the private sector. This would include lower fees, subsidized services and even competing based on real estate and office location. Consideration of expanding postal operations to engage in banking and financial services is not a new concept. It has been touted as a solution to help stabilize the US Postal Service’s financial practices. The cost alone to hire additional workers and retrain existing employees to offer banking products would further undermine the Postal Service’s budgetary issues. Additionally, we have reservations about the ability of the Postal Service to safeguard customers’ identities and information such as bank accounts and passwords. Regardless of the federal agency, the government has shown it can be slow to react to cyber threats, allowing bad actors to access citizens’ private records. It is clear the US Postal Service’s financial health is troubling. Expanding USPS’s operations to compete with private sector banks and credit unions is not the answer. We, the undersigned organizations, support your amendment to H.R. 6147 and encourage its inclusion in the final appropriations legislation. Sincerely, Grover G. Norquist, President, Americans for Tax Reform; Tim Chapman, Executive Director, Heritage Action; Tom Schatz, President, Council for Citizens Against Government Waste; Adam Brandon, President, FreedomWorks; Brandon Arnold, Executive Vice President, National Taxpayers Union; Kevin Kosar, Vice President of Policy, R Street Institute; Andrew F. Quinlan, President, Center for Freedom and Prosperity; Iain Murray, Vice President for Strategy and Sr. Fellow, Competitive Enterprise Institute. 
WHO SUPPORTS THE AMENDMENT ? American Bankers Association, Americans for Tax Reform, Center for Freedom and Prosperity, Citizens Against Government Waste, Competitive Enterprise Institute, Credit Union National Association, Freedom Works, Heritage Action, Independent Community Bankers of American, National Association of Federally Insured Credit Unions, National Taxpayers Union, R Street Institute. 
Mr. M CHENRY. Mr. Chair, I also include in the RECORD a letter on behalf of Americans for Tax Reform, Heritage Action for America, Council for Citizens Against Government Waste, FreedomWorks, National Taxpayer Union, R Street, and the Center for Freedom and Prosperity, along with the Competitive Enterprise Institute in support of this amendment. 
JULY17, 2018. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARSPEAKER RYAN AND MINORITY LEADER  PELOSI : On behalf of the members of the American Bankers Association, the Credit Union National Association, the Independent Community Bankers of America, and the National Association of Federally Insured Credit Unions, I write to urge the adoption of Congressman Patrick McHenry’s amendment to the Financial Services and General Government (FSGG) appropriations bill to prohibit the U.S. Postal Service from providing banking services. Financial institutions are strongly supportive of the Postal Service, as one of the largest mailers of any industry group in America. Physical mail remains an important communications channel for banks and credit unions. Financial institutions of all sizes use the mail to communicate with current and potential customers, to send statements and receive payments, and to market new products and services to their customers. Financial companies are also a vital revenue source for the Postal Service, generating billions of dollars of annual revenue that supports postal infrastructure. For these reasons, our members are committed to identifying longterm solutions to ensure an efficient, selfsustaining, and affordable U.S. postal system. Postal banking is not one of those solutions. Although there have been a number of proposals over the past few years to turn the U.S. Postal Service into the world’s largest shadow banking system, we are very concerned that allowing the U.S. Postal Service to provide banking services will be beyond the Postal Service’s core competencies, will raise a number of serious regulatory and consumer protection questions, and will present significant competitive issues for private sector entities. Congress should encourage the Postal Service to focus on its core business of physical mail delivery, and not be distracted by expanding the mission to businesses outside of the Postal Service’s area of expertise. Most significantly, postal banking does not address the Postal Service’s financial challenges, and may well make them worse. The U.S. Postal Service agrees. The Postal Service has strongly argued against authority to provide banking services, noting that providing these products would almost certainly cause it to lose money: ‘‘The Postal Service’s mission is to provide the American public with trusted, affordable, universal mail service. Our core function is delivery, not banking . . . Profit margins on these financial services businesses across the industry are very low . . . so even if we achieved $1 billion in revenue and executed well, our cash position would only increase by an estimated $100–200 million, which will not materially change our financial condition—we need to focus on the core delivery business.’’ The Postal Service went on to note that to the extent that more affordable pricing of financial services is a primary goal of postal banking efforts, ‘‘[m]ore affordable appears to mean at a lower price level than the free market provides today . . . Since established financial services firms make a slim margin on revenue . . . it seems unlikely that there is any significant room to lower prices without incurring a loss, and at a minimum, a lower profit margin.’’ No doubt, postal reform is a serious topic that Congress must confront. We encourage Congress to enact legislation that would reduce costs and increase efficiencies to put the U.S. Postal Service on a sound and sustainable financial path over the long run, but the provision of banking services is not an acceptable solution. We look forward to continuing to work with you on postal reform efforts in the coming months, but urge you to support Congressman McHenry’s amendment to the FSGG appropriations bill to ban the Postal Service from providing banking services when it is on the House Floor this week. Sincerely, American Bankers Association, Credit Union National Association, Independent Community Bankers of America, National Association of Federally Insured Credit Unions. 
Mr. M CHENRY. Mr. Chairman, I submit to you that the Postal Service, as my colleagues across the aisle say, is a constitutional function. It is really important that the Postal Service do its mission of delivering the mail. What we don’t think we should do is give a government bureau, through a nonlegislative means, the right to expand into nonessential services for a part of the government that is bleeding money. An institution that cannot balance its own books should not be getting into the offering of credit or the movement of money and funds. While I am in favor of postal reform, and while I support my letter carriers, I do not favor postal banking. I think it is important for this Congress to put a note down that we are in opposition to that, and that is why I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, as the designee of Ranking Member LOWEY , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I would just like to respond to the gentleman. The offer of this amendment should never be on an appropriation bill. This is one of these extraneous riders that belongs in other bills, and it is very damaging to the future of communities across this country, thousands of which lack banking services and financial services of any kind. What we are talking about here is something simple. It is something very simple: a pilot program. We are not saying this is going to happen all over the United States. This gentleman wants to deny the ability of communities to have any kind of normal financial service where they have been redlined by the very letters that the gentleman just asked to be placed in the RECORD . Those very institutions abandoned the communities that we are seeking to serve. I am really disappointed that the gentleman would want people to be subjected to usurious interest rates or to a lack of any kind of financial service, even paying your electric bill, for heaven’s sake. So, for two reasons, I ask my colleagues to vote against the gentleman’s amendment: number one, it doesn’t belong in this bill; and number two, it does a great disservice to the people of this country. They have a right to better service. The Postal Service is coast to coast. It is audited, it is properly staffed, and it is universal. Whether you are poor or whether you are rich in this country, you have a right. You have a right to be treated fairly by the institutions that this Nation manages. Mr. Chair, I want to congratulate those who work for our great Postal Service. I ask that the gentleman’s amendment be defeated, and let us support what is in the Constitution of the United States, which is respect for the Postal Service, coast to coast to every citizen. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina. The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman. The Acting CHAIR. For what purpose does the gentlewoman from Ohio seek recognition? Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, you know, if they would operate these microphones for the Democrats as well as they operate them for the Republicans, maybe we could be heard on this floor, and especially for the women Democrats, I might add. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman’s request for a recorded vote has been postponed. Ms. KAPTUR. Thank you. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, before we can conclude our debate, I wanted to thank Chairman CALVERT  and Ranking BETTY MCCOLLUM of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee for their work; and also the Financial Services and General Government Subcommittee Chairman TOMGRAVES and Ranking Member MIKEQUIGLEY for the great job they did; and for the men and women behind them that make up the professional and personal staff of the Appropriations Committee. As of today, all 12 appropriations bills have been released. With the passage of this legislation, the full House will have halfway done all of our bills on the floor. Mr. Chairman, we continue our momentum by passing H.R. 6147. I guess that will be tomorrow, and I urge support of the bill. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia). Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 115–830 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 43 by Mr. MULLIN of Oklahoma. Amendment No. 44 by Mr. MULLIN of Oklahoma. Amendment No. 46 by Mrs. MCMORRIS  RODGERS of Washington. Amendment No. 48 by Mr. LAMBORN  of Colorado. Amendment No. 49 by Mr. LAMBORN  of Colorado. Amendment No. 50 by Mr. GOODLATTE  of Virginia. Amendment No. 51 by Mr. GALLEGO of Arizona. Amendment No. 60 by Mr. PEARCE of New Mexico. Amendment No. 62 by Mr. PEARCE of New Mexico. Amendment No. 63 by Mr. GOSAR of Arizona. Amendment No. 69 by Mr. JODY B. HICEof Georgia. Amendment No. 70 by Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Amendment No. 81 by Mr. CARBAJAL  of California. Amendment No. 83 by Mr. PALMER of Alabama. Amendment No. 84 by Mr. MEADOWS  of North Carolina. Amendment No. 85 by Mr. ROTHFUS of Pennsylvania. Amendment No. 87 by Mr. MCHENRY  of North Carolina. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . MULLIN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 215, noes 194, not voting 19, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—194 
Adams Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—19 
Aguilar Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Paulsen Peters Peterson Rice (NY) Richmond SheaPorter Shuster Sinema Speier Walz 
b2203 Mr. COFFMAN changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 346. Stated against: Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 346. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 346. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 346. Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 346. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . MULLIN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 215, noes 199, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Barraga´n Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Rice (NY) Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Joyce (OH) Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2207 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 56 OFFERED BY MS . MCMORRIS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. MCMORRIS RODGERS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 227, noes 185, not voting 16, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—185 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Scott, David Shuster Speier Walz 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2210 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 213, noes 202, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—202 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) RosLehtinen Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2213 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California changed her vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 49 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 213, noes 201, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock 
Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) RosLehtinen Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Palazzo Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2216 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 50 OFFERED BY MR . GOODLATTE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 213, noes 202, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—202 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Comstock Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Harris Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Rice (NY) RosLehtinen Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Wittman Yarmuth 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2219 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 51 OFFERED BY MR . GALLEGO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 203, noes 212, not voting 13, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Amash Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rohrabacher RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—212 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2222 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 60 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 206, noes 209, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) 
King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) RosLehtinen Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2225 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 62 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 216, noes 199, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—199 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko 
Torres Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2227 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 63 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 193, noes 220, not voting 15, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Cramer Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—220 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Comstock Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—15 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas Crawford DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Tipton Walz 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2231 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 69 OFFERED BY MR . JODY B . 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 174, noes 240, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner 
Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Thompson (PA) Thornberry Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Bacon Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Roby Rogers (KY) RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Nolan Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2233 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 70 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 215, noes 199, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) NOES—199 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) RosLehtinen Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin 
Bass Black Blackburn Brady (TX) Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. 
b2236 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 81 OFFERED BY MR . CARBAJAL  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. CARBAJAL ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 190, noes 224, not voting 14, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Bacon Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comer Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Harris Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—224 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Bass Black Blackburn Brady (TX) Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2239 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 83 OFFERED BY MR . PALMER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 226, noes 189, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton 
Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rohrabacher RosLehtinen Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2243 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 84 OFFERED BY MR . MEADOWS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 223, noes 192, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—192 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Rice (NY) Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2246 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 85 OFFERED BY MR . ROTHFUS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 231, noes 184, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Speier Walz 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2248 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 87 OFFERED BY MR . MCHENRY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MCHENRY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 201, noes 212, not voting 15, as follows: [Roll No. 362] AYES—201 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Upton Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) 
Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) RosLehtinen Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
Amodei Bass Black Blackburn Ca´rdenas DeSantis Gaetz Hanabusa Hoyer Peterson Richmond Shuster Sinema Speier Walz 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2252 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 362. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. CURTIS) having assumed the chair, Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6147) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 996, he reported the bill, as amended by that resolution, back to the House with sundry further amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any further amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further consideration of H.R. 6147 is postponed. f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. 
TAX REFORM (Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to rise today to speak to the success in Louisiana’s Fourth Congressional District that we have seen since the implementation of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Every skeptic, even the early skeptics of tax reform, saw near immediate benefits when the IRS adjusted their withholding tables and it resulted in bigger paychecks for more than 90 percent of Americans. Now we are 7 months out, and after the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the results are undeniable. Nearly every economic indicator, whether you are talking about the unemployment rate or wages or job creation, is showing record growth; and because of this tax reform, more than 1 million jobs have already been created and more than 4 million Americans have received increased wages or bonuses. The average tax cut in Louisiana for a family of four was more than $1,700. That is not crumbs. That is real money for the people in my district, and it provides them with greater flexibility to save for the future. Real benefits for real people, that is what tax reform delivered. I look forward to many more success stories because of this historic legislation. 
HONORING COMMISSIONER ROY CHARLES BROOKS (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my fellow Texans in honoring Tarrant County Commissioner Roy Charles Brooks for a tremendous year of leadership as president of the National Association of Counties. For over 30 years, Commissioner Brooks has fought for underserved communities across Tarrant County. As a community volunteer, a city elected official, and county commissioner, his integrity, innovation, and fervor to help others has touched generations of Texans. He has taken on issues such as healthcare for the homeless, infant mortality, obesity, criminal justice reform, mental health, and AIDS education; and this past year, he worked tirelessly to bring awareness to his presidential initiative Serving the Underserved: Counties Addressing Poverty. The project has pushed over 3,000 counties to look at the role they play in alleviating poverty and to develop best practices to address vital societal needs, especially as pertain to early childhood development. Through his work, he has created a community family that supports and lifts each other up, building hope and faith across Tarrant County. I honor his lifetime of work and his dedication to advocating for the toughest issues that our communities face. f 
b2300 CONGRATULATING THE NEVADA COUNTY FARM BUREAU (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend and note Nevada County Farm Bureau in my district in northern California that is celebrating this weekend their 100th anniversary of existence in Nevada County, helping farmers and ranchers with the very diverse types of crops they have, not like in the flatlands, but nestled in the foothills and the mountains of Nevada County. They have different crops: hay crops, tree crops, even a level of forestry that they are all involved with there. The Farm Bureau has been a leader a long time in helping those folks to navigate regulations, ideas for better propagation of their crops, and just a better way to do things in the community. We appreciate their leadership and all of their memberships to help make farming strong. Congratulations to the Nevada County Farm Bureau on 100 years of helping their members in Nevada County. 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S COMMENTS AT HELSINKI (Ms. SHEAPORTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. SHEAPORTER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to share an editorial from 
People who thought a weak and dying Roosevelt gave away too much to the Russians at Yalta in World War II may want to reconsider. Compared to the pathetic, bootlicking performance of President Trump in Helsinki this week, FDR had his Agame going against Joseph Stalin. Republicans who are now, finally, trying to distance themselves from Trump have no one to blame but themselves. They kept silent as Trump has disgraced and demeaned the office, damaged our relations with loyal allies, and repeatedly attempted to destroy a free press. But when an American President openly sides with a Russian KGB thug against our own country, these politicians sense that the ‘optics’ don’t look so good and might threaten their power and perks in midterm elections. Trump, of course, is now trying to walk things back, but even his hardcore supporters must wince at how he tries to worm his way out of his nauseating Helsinki brownnosing of the dictator Putin. But the Republican Party isn’t Trump’s hardcore faithful; and if the party doesn’t clearly denounce this shameful and disgraceful performance, it is going to find itself with no credibility and no hope for years to come. 
That is the end of the editorial. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
GUN LEGISLATION (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, last school year was a deadly year for so many of our children going to school in America. School shootings shocked the very core of Americans and communities across the country. As we approach the beginning of school, this Congress has passed no gun safety legislation, no universal background check, no banning of assault weapons, no holding parents responsible for children getting guns. Although I understand that there are many discussions about school security, the proliferation of guns is one of the issues that contributes to the dangers that our children face. We know that the Second Amendment guarantees the right to bear arms, but there is nothing in the Second Amendment that does not allow us to have sensible gun safety legislation. It is time for us to recognize that a Nation that has more guns than citizens can stand down in order to provide a safe educational climate for our children. Are they not our most precious resource? It is time to act now. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: H.R. 6042. An act to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to delay the reduction in Federal medical assistance percentage for Medicaid personal care services furnished without an electronic visit verification system, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 490. An act to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Gibson Dam. S. 931. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4910 Brighton Boulevard in Denver, Colorado, as the ‘‘George Sakato Post Office’’. S. 2692. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4558 Broadway in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Stanley Michels Post Office Building’’. S. 2734. An act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 3 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, July 19, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5665. A letter from the Director, Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting the July, 2018 monthly cumulative report on rescissions, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 685(e); Public Law 93344, Sec. 1014(e); (88 Stat. 335); to the Committee on Appropriations. 5666. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter authorizing Colonel Christopher J. Niemi, United States Air Force, to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5667. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Gina M. Grosso, United States Air Force, and her advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5668. A letter from the General Counsel, National Credit Union Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Involuntary Liquidation of Federal Credit Unions and Claims Procedures (RIN: 3133 AE82) received July 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 5669. A letter from the Deputy Assistant General Counsel for the Division of Regulatory Services, Office of the Chief Privacy Officer, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s significant guidance — Technical Assistance on Student Privacy for State and Local Educational Agencies When Administering College Admissions Examinations received July 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 5670. A letter from the Deputy Assistant General Counsel for the Division of Regulatory Services, Office of Special Education and Rehabilitation, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s final regulations — Assistance to States for the Education of Children with Disabilities; Preschool Grants for Children with Disabilities [Docket ID: ED2017OSERS0128] (RIN: 1820 AB77) received July 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 5671. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, Regulatory Affairs Division, Office of the General Counsel, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Children’s Products, Children’s Toys, and Child Care Articles: Determinations Regarding Lead, ASTM F963 Elements, and Phthalates for Engineered Wood Products [Docket No.: CPSC20170038] received July 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5672. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Office of the General Counsel, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Safety Standard for Baby Changing Products [Docket No.: CPSC2016 0023] received July 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5673. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting certification regarding the essential health benefit requirements under section 1302(b)(2) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5674. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Pyroxsulam; Pesticide Tolerances [EPAHQOPP20170227; FRL997815] received July 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5675. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval of California Air Plan Revisions, YoloSolano Air Quality Management District [EPAR09OAR2018 0104; FRL998043Region 9] received July 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5676. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of State Implementation Plan Revisions; Colorado; Attainment Demonstration for the 2008 8Hour Ozone Standard for the Denver Metro/North Front Range Nonattainment Area, and Approval of Related Revisions [EPAR08OAR20170567; FRL997964Region 8] received July 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
5677. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Virginia; Revised Motor Vehicle Emission Budgets for the Charleston, Huntington, Parkersburg, Weirton, and Wheeling 8Hour Ozone Maintenance Areas; Correction [EPA R03OAR20110511; FRL998036Region 3] received July 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5678. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Delaware; Interstate Transport Requirements for the 2012 Fine Particulate Matter Standard [EPAR03OAR20170152; FRL998062Region 3] received July 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5679. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; AL; Section 128 Board Requirements for Infrastructure SIPs [EPAR04OAR20170642; FRL9980 50Region 4] received July 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5680. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Treasury, transmitting a sixmonth periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Lebanon that was declared in Executive Order 13441 of August 1, 2007, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5681. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the CY 2017 report on the Employment of United States Citizens in Certain International Organizations, pursuant to 22 U.S.C276c4; Public Law 102138, Sec. 181 (as amended by Public Law 114323, Sec. 308); (130 Stat. 1923); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5682. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 1803, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5683. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 1824, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5684. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 180A, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(5)(C) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5685. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 180D, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(5)(C) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5686. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17132, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5687. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22397, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2019 Local Budget Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5688. A letter from the Executive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a notification of a nomination and action on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105 277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5689. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel for Operations, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting three notifications of a nomination, action on nomination, change in previously submitted reported information, or discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5690. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 150121066571702] (RIN: 0648 XF890) received July 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5691. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 151130999659402] (RIN: 0648XF807) received July 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5692. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmitting a report titled, ‘‘Debt Collection Recovery Activities of the Department of Justice for Civil Debts Referred for Collection Annual Report for Fiscal Year 2017’’, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3718(c); Public Law 97452, Sec. 1(16)(A) (as amended by Public Law 99578, Sec. 1(4)); (100 Stat. 3305); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5693. A letter from the Regulations Officer, FHWA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Addition to the National Network [FHWA Docket No.: FHWA20180016] (RIN: 2125 AF82) received July 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5694. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report to Congress concerning emigration laws and policies of Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 2432(b); Public Law 93618, Sec. 402(b); (88 Stat. 2056) and 19 U.S.C. 2439(b); Public Law 93618, Sec. 409(b); (88 Stat. 2064); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5695. A letter from the Federal Register Liaison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Establishment of the Dahlonega Plateau Viticultural Area [Docket No.: TTB2016 0012; T.D. TTB151; Ref: Notice No. 166] (RIN: 1513AC33) received July 11, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. House Resolution 982. A resolution of inquiry requesting the President, and directing the Secretary of Health and Human Services, to transmit, respectively, certain information to the House of Representatives referring to the separation of children from their parents or guardians as a result of the President’s ‘‘zero tolerance’’ policy (Rept. 114–835). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2345. A bill to require the Federal Communications Commission to study the feasibility of designating a simple, easytoremember dialing code to be used for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system; with an amendment (Rept. 115–836). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 4881. A bill to require the Federal Communications Commission to establish a task force for meeting the connectivity and technology needs of precision agriculture in the United States; with amendments (Rept. 114–837). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3916. A bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to vest in the Secretary of the Interior functions under that Act with respect to species of fish that spawn in fresh or estuarine waters and migrate to ocean waters, and species of fish that spawn in ocean waters and migrate to fresh waters; with an amendment (Rept. 115– 838). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 577. A bill to designate a peak in the State of Nevada as Maude Frazier Mountain (Rept. 115–839). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3045. A bill to amend the National Trails System Act to extend the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–840). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3994. A bill to establish the Office and for other purpose; with an amendment (Rept. 115–841). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 4606. A bill to provide that applications under the Natural Gas Act for the importation or exportation of small volumes of natural gas shall be granted without modification or delay, with an amendment (Rept. 115–842). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5709. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for enhanced penalties for pirate radio, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–843). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. D EFAZIO: H.R. 6414. A bill to amend title 23, United States Code, to extend the deadline for promulgation of regulations under the tribal transportation selfgovernance program; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. FERGUSON: H.R. 6415. A bill to provide for border security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Transportation and Infrastructure, Oversight and Government Reform, Foreign Affairs, Agriculture, Armed Services, Natural Resources, the Budget, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself and Mr. PAYNE ): H.R. 6416. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to direct the Federal Communications Commission, upon the request of a very high frequency commercial television broadcast station that has relocated to an underserved State, to provide that the virtual major channel number of such station shall be considered to be the same as the radio frequency channel number of such station; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. PETERSON , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. CUELLAR , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. BARR, Mr. B UCK, Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. CHABOT , Mr. C OLE, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. COMER , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. CRAWFORD , Mr. C URTIS , Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. D UNN, Mr. ESTES of Kansas, Mr. F ASO, Mr. GALLAGHER , Mr. H ARRIS , Ms. J ENKINS  of Kansas, Mr. JONES , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. MARINO , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. N UNES , Mr. REED, Mr. R OSS, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. THORNBERRY , Mr. U PTON , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. KATKO , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana, and Mr. COLLINS of Georgia): H.R. 6417. A bill to create a nonimmigrant H2C work visa program for agricultural workers, to make mandatory and permanent requirements relating to use of an electronic employment eligibility verification system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, Ways and Means, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut: H.R. 6418. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study regarding the accessibility of websites of the Department of Veterans Affairs to individuals with disabilities; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut: H.R. 6419. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend increased dependency and indemnity compensation paid to surviving spouses of veterans who die from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, regardless of how long the veterans had such disease prior to death; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. LAMB: H.R. 6420. A bill to permit the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a grant program to conduct cemetery research and produce educational materials for the Veterans Legacy Program; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. U PTON , and Mr. BILIRAKIS ): H.R. 6421. A bill to advance treatment and cures for blindness and other retinal conditions and to promote competitiveness in the United States through a pilot program to increase funding for translational research, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KINZINGER (for himself, Mr. CRAMER , Mr. L ONG, and Mr. G UTHRIE ): H.R. 6422. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to publish on the website of the Commission documents to be voted on by the Commission; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 6423. A bill to impose sanctions with respect to certain Russian financial institutions; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for himself, Ms. ESHOO , and Mr. L ANCE ): H.R. 6424. A bill to amend the Wireless Communications and Public Safety Act of 1999, to clarify acceptable 911 obligations or expenditures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. DAVIS of California (for herself and Mr. GUTHRIE ): H.R. 6425. A bill to provide grants to State recognized or federally recognized apprenticeship programs to support the expansion, awareness, and prestige of such programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 6426. A bill to provide for measures to strengthen dialogue with the Russian people and support Russian civil society, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. GABBARD (for herself and Ms. HANABUSA ): H.R. 6427. A bill to improve oversight by the Federal Communications Commission of the wireless and broadcast emergency alert systems; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GOTTHEIMER (for himself, Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. M AC ARTHUR , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. PALLONE , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. S IRES, Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN , and Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN ): H.R. 6428. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 332 Ramapo Valley Road in Oakland, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Frank Leone Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Mr. JEFFRIES , and Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia): H.R. 6429. A bill to amend the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 to authorize candidates in a presidential election campaign to request a security clearance; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, Mr. PERRY , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. CORREA , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. MCCAUL, and Mr. PAYNE ): H.R. 6430. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to implement certain requirements for information relating to supply chain risk, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. LEVIN (for himself, Mr. NEAL, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Mr. LEWIS of Georgia): H.R. 6431. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for certain reforms with respect to medicare supplemental health insurance policies; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MCEACHIN (for himself, Mr. MOULTON , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. NORTON , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Mr. E VANS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, and Ms. KELLY of Illinois): H.R. 6432. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reduce the applicable percentage under the premium assistance tax credit for households with young adults; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. NOLAN (for himself and Mr. GALLAGHER ): H.R. 6433. A bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to prohibit Congressional candidates and Members of Congress from soliciting campaign funds on any day on which the House of Congress in which the candidate seeks election or the Member serves is in session; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 6434. A bill to amend section 7 of Public Law 100515 (16 U.S.C. 1244 note) to promote continued use of the James J. Howard Marine Sciences Laboratory at Gateway National Recreation Area by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. RASKIN (for himself, Mr. HOYER , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. BROWN of Maryland, and Ms. M ENG): H.R. 6435. A bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to prohibit States from entering into agreements with vendors for the provision, support, or maintenance of election systems if the vendors are owned or controlled by persons who are not citizens, nationals, or permanent residents of the United States or do not meet cybersecurity best practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 6436. A bill to direct the Director of National Intelligence to submit to State election officials and Congress annual reports on preelection threats for general elections for Federal office; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). By Mr. NOLAN (for himself and Mr. GALLAGHER ): H. Res. 1003. A resolution prohibiting Members of the House of Representatives from soliciting campaign funds on any day on which 
the House is in session; to the Committee on Ethics. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. D EFAZIO: H.R. 6414. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3, and Clause 18 of the Constitution. By Mr. FERGUSON: H.R. 6415. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval forces By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 6416. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 6417. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to clause 4 of section 8 of Article I of the Constitution of the United States which gives Congress the authority to establish a uniform Rule of Naturalization. By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut: H.R. 6418. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut: H.R. 6419. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article l, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LAMB: H.R. 6420. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. SESSIONS: H.R. 6421. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 Interstate Commerce By Mr. KINZINGER: H.R. 6422. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes;’’ and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 6423. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 6424. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 6425. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 6426. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article One of the United States Constitution, section 8, clause 18: The Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof or Article One of the United States Constitution, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power—To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes; By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 6427. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. GOTTHEIMER: H.R. 6428. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6429. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. KING of New York: H.R. 6430. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. LEVIN: H.R. 6431. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. MCEACHIN: H.R. 6432. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 6433. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 6434. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. RASKIN: H.R. 6435. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the U.S. Constitution By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 6436. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 395: Mr. C URTIS . H.R. 490: Mr. CLOUD . H.R. 508: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 559: Mr. GOHMERT . H.R. 671: Mr. KILMER , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. BROWN of Maryland. H.R. 750: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 754: Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. B OST, Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. B RAT, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. L YNCH , and Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California. H.R. 785: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 930: Mr. VISCLOSKY , Mr. H OLLINGS WORTH , and Ms. B ORDALLO . H.R. 1102: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 1143: Mr. CLEAVER . H.R. 1171: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 1201: Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. G OODLATTE , and Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 1270: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1316: Mr. KHANNA , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. POSEY , and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 1439: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 1511: Mr. HILL. H.R. 1542: Ms. MCCOLLUM and Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 1552: Mrs. LESKO . H.R. 1565: Mr. HARRIS . H.R. 1838: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 1874: Mr. HULTGREN and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 1896: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 1897: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 1960: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 2060: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 2345: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia and Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 2472: Ms. HANABUSA , Ms. B ASS, and Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 2598: Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 2633: Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 2735: Ms. DEGETTE . H.R. 2840: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 2946: Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 2953: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3138: Mr. MOOLENAAR . H.R. 3348: Mr. FORTENBERRY . H.R. 3709: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 3728: Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 3790: Mr. EMMER . H.R. 3827: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 4099: Mr. HULTGREN and Mr. B RAT. H.R. 4215: Mr. MARCHANT . H.R. 4338: Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 4345: Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 4473: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 4556: Ms. LOFGREN and Mrs. M URPHY of Florida. H.R. 4732: Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 4765: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 4846: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 4886: Mrs. LESKO . H.R. 4912: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 4915: Mr. WEBER of Texas. H.R. 5107: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 5121: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 5129: Mr. LONGand Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 5145: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 5153: Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. H.R. 5158: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 5187: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 5241: Mr. BLUMENAUER and Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 5358: Mr. WITTMAN and Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 5383: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 5471: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 5476: Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 5507: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 5508: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 5561: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 5564: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 5573: Ms. PINGREE . 
H.R. 5632: Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 5648: Mr. BIGGS. H.R. 5757: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 5855: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 5856: Mr. GIANFORTE . H.R. 5899: Mr. COLLINS of New York, Ms. STEFANIK , and Ms. T ENNEY . H.R. 6014: Mr. MARSHALL , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. S IMPSON , and Mr. R OSKAM . H.R. 6026: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 6068: Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 6086: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania and Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 6108: Mr. FASO. H.R. 6156: Mr. HUNTER and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 6179: Mr. WILLIAMS . H.R. 6193: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 6230: Mr. CICILLINE and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 6246: Mr. LOWENTHAL and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 6287: Mr. ENGEL , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. ROHRABACHER , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. SIRES, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. R OYCE  of California, Mr. SHUSTER , Mr. C ROWLEY , and Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 6330: Mr. COMER . H.R. 6336: Ms. ADAMS . H.R. 6351: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 6398: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 6400: Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. LAMBORN , and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 6409: Mr. ROUZER and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. H.J. Res. 61: Mrs. LESKO . H. Con. Res. 72: Mr. JONES and Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California. H. Res. 455: Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. MEEKS , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. S EWELL of Ala bama, Ms. BASS, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi nois, Mr. SHERMAN , and Mr. B ROWN of Mary land. H. Res. 745: Mr. CONNOLLY , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. C ICILLINE . H. Res. 749: Ms. KAPTUR . H. Res. 776: Mr. SCHIFF and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H. Res. 795: Mr. DUNN. H. Res. 864: Mr. FLEISCHMANN . H. Res. 869: Mr. NORCROSS . H. Res. 930: Mr. PASCRELL . H. Res. 931: Mr. POEof Texas and Ms. TITUS. H. Res. 975: Ms. GABBARD . H. Res. 990: Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. KINZINGER . H. Res. 993: Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. S OTO, Mr. LOBIONDO , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania, Mr. LANCE , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali fornia, Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Ms. N ORTON, and Ms. M OORE . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5027 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JULY 18, 2018 No. 121 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 