Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, Chaz Karidis of Madison County, Illinois, had dreams of being a husband and a father. His family said he wanted to be a good role model for his younger brother. Sadly, those dreams came to an end in November of 2013 when Chaz’s mom, Kari, received a phone call that no parent wants to receive. Kari learned that Chaz had lost his battle with heroin addiction just after his 23rd birthday. As a parent and a grandparent, I can’t imagine the agony in receiving that call. This painful loss of a child led Kari to launch a nonprofit that provides support and assistance to the companions of people suffering from addiction. Sadly, organizations like Kari’s are needed now more than ever. In 2016, there were almost 2,000 opioid overdose fatalities in Illinois alone. That is nearly twice the number of fatalities that occur in motor vehicle accidents. Opioid overdose deaths have increased 82 percent between 2013 and 2016 in Illinois; not counting how much it has increased around this Nation. These aren’t just numbers, and they aren’t just statistics. These are moms and dads and sons and daughters and neighbors and friends. Addiction doesn’t care about your race, your income, your gender, or your politics. That is why I am proud to join my Republican and Democrat friends this week in the passing of legislation that focuses on treatment and recovery, prevention, protecting our communities, and fighting against synthetic drugs. If we work together, we can save lives and continue to restore hope in our communities. To the folks at home, if you see someone struggling with addiction, please encourage them to seek help through the local drug and alcohol treatment centers. Don’t wait for a phone call, the one you want never to come. f 
FATHER’S DAY AND PAID FAMILY LEAVE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, it is almost Father’s Day, a good time to think about the fathers in our lives and in the families we are honored to represent. I think about the families in Northwest Oregon, and I know that too many are still facing challenges. Too many are still struggling to make ends meet. Their paycheck, if they are fortunate to have one, just isn’t enough to pay the bills, and it is hard for them to even think of saving for the future. One policy that can make a big difference in the lives of families is paid leave. It is an economic issue for working families; and we need to recognize that both women and men need to be able to take paid time off when a child is born, or to care for their children or other family members when they need them. In Oregon, our parental and family medical leave laws cover more people and have stronger protections than current Federal law, and I applaud those efforts; but there are still far too many workers across the country who are not able to care for a sick child or aging parents because they cannot pay their rent or buy groceries if they lose a day of work. According to the Department of Labor, only 15 percent of workers in the United States have access to paid family leave through their employers. And although some employers recognize the importance of providing paid leave for all working people, most still do not. Outdated gender norms in too many workplaces often pressure men, especially those in jobs without paid leave, to limit their time away from work for caregiving. We need to see a cultural shift in our societal expectations about men as caregivers, and we need to dismantle the stigma that being a caregiver is incompatible with success in the workforce. Congress should get serious about supporting families and enact a meaningful paid family leave law. We should pass the FAMILY Act, legislation that will provide muchneeded financial security to working people and their families and provide certainty for businesses. A national paid family and medical leave program would help to foster a healthier and more equitable society. It would help to bring our Nation’s policies more in line with the needs of our families and our workforce, and it would be a very meaningful way to say Happy Father’s Day. THE HOUSE IS TACKLING THE OPIOID CRISIS HEADON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the efforts the House is undertaking this week to combat our Nation’s opioid crisis. We will consider dozens of bills this week that are aimed at fighting the crisis next door that affects our families, our friends, and our loved ones. Mr. Speaker, as you know, there is a nationwide epidemic of heroin and prescription drug abuse that is resulting in drastic increases in addiction rates, overdose deaths, and incarceration. No zip code in this country is immune from this crisis. Heroin and pain pill addiction does not discriminate on age, race, gender or socioeconomic class. Your neighbor could be using heroin, or so could their highhonors high school student. It is the public health crisis of this generation. As a senior member of the House Education and the Workforce Committee, I want to highlight some of the work that we have done to help combat this pandemic. The committee has collaboratively worked in a bipartisan manner to introduce and support the following bills: H.R. 5889, which requires Health and Human Services to provide resources to early childhood care and education providers, as well as professionals working with young children, on ways to properly recognize and respond to children impacted by trauma related to substance abuse. H.R. 5890, which calls on the HHS to reevaluate plans under the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to ensure the safe care of infants affected by prenatal substance abuse. H.R. 5891 establishes interagency task forces to effectively and efficiently assist families who have been impacted by substance abuse disorders. H.R. 5892 establishes an Advisory Committee on Opioids and the Workplace to advise the Secretary of Labor on actions the department can take to address the impact of opioid abuse on the workplace. I am proud to be a cosponsor of all these bills, and I urge my colleagues to support them as well. Mr. Speaker, the House is working to not only address this crisis, but combat it and overcome it. We will do so through treatment and recovery, through prevention, by protecting our communities, and by fighting fentanyl and other everchanging synthetic or foreign illicit drugs. No person can beat addiction alone, and overcoming this epidemic will not only take a communitywide effort, but a nationwide effort, and that is what we are prepared to do. 
b1015 OPIOID CRISIS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, with the opioid and heroin crisis, the American people are currently facing one of the worst drug epidemics in our Nation’s history. My State of Colorado is certainly not immune. In my travels throughout the Third Congressional District, from Pueblo to Moffat County, up and down the west slope, through the San Luis Valley, I hear of more lives lost with each passing year. Opioid addiction knows no bounds, and even the most innocent have been affected. This last year, when I toured Parkview Medical Center in Pueblo, Colorado, and visited the unit that treats babies who are born with neonatal abstinence syndrome, which means that they were exposed to opiates before they were born and suffer withdrawal at the moment of birth, you see a truly heartbreaking situation. To see the most vulnerable suffering from withdrawal symptoms is something that touches the heart of every American. But it also served as a reminder that we must be more aggressive and more inventive in our efforts to be able to end this epidemic. Opioid abuse is multifaceted, and there is not just one solution that will solve this problem. That is why I have held more than 30 opioid roundtables in various communities throughout my district, to be able to hear from healthcare providers, law enforcement officers, and first responders on the front lines of the fight against addiction; to learn how the Federal Government can play a better role in supporting those efforts. In these roundtables, I have learned that opioid abuse often begins in the last place that you would expect it to: the doctor’s office or a hospital emergency room. For example, a person who sprained their ankle while skiing may go to their doctor to be receiving pain medication for their injury. This medication may provide relief from the pain, but it can also provide an intense sense of euphoria. From there, there is the possibility that an addiction is born. According to the National Institute on Drug Abuse, of those who began using opioids in the 2000s, a whopping 75 percent reported that their first opioid was a prescription drug. Colorado has the 12th highest rate of abuse of prescription opioids across the Nation. In response to the rising number of Coloradans becoming addicted through prescribed opioids, the Colorado Hospital Association launched a pilot program in 10 hospital emergency departments across the State with the goal of reducing prescribed opioids by 15 percent. This program was so successful that it actually achieved a 36 percent reduction. I am glad that, this week, the House passed a series of more than 20 bills in a bipartisan effort to curb opioid addiction. Included in this series was the bill I was proud to help introduce called the Alternatives to Opioids in the Emergency Department Act. This bill would allow programs similar to the one in Colorado to be tested in hospital emergency departments across the Nation, helping to ensure that people who do not need opioids are never exposed to them in the first place. Mr. Speaker, I stand here proud of the collective work accomplished in the House this week, but recognizing that this crisis will not be solved overnight, and we still have a long road ahead. It is not an issue that is going to be solved solely by the Federal Government. It is going to take a collaborative effort with our States, our local governments, and our families as well in addressing this problem. We must continue to work together to end the stigma surrounding opioid abuse and find innovative solutions that will end this crisis for good. 
SARA THOMPSON—PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, America’s Peace Corps and those volunteers are our angels abroad. They represent the very best in America. Here with us today in the gallery, we have one of those brave volunteers, Ms. Sara Thompson. Since she was a little girl, Sara dreamed of helping rural communities in Africa. When she grew up, the Peace Corps gave her that perfect opportunity. She served in Burkina Faso, where she worked to keep girls in school. Unfortunately, her dream turned into a tragedy when the Peace Corps prescribed medication called mefloquine to protect her from malaria. During her service, she began to have horrific nightmares and struggled with mental health. When she turned to the Peace Corps for help, the medical officer excused her symptoms as simply ‘‘not adjusting well.’’ One night, Sara woke up dizzy, nauseous, and threw up the entire night, so she went to the doctor, and the doctor told her it was an ear infection. Months later still, Sara struggled with nausea and nightmares. And with no support from the Peace Corps, she took matters into her own hands and started to research those medical problems. It was then that she realized the malaria medicine the Peace Corps had given her was making her sick. As it turns out, mefloquine’s side effects are so terrible, Special Operation Forces in the Army won’t even take that medication. Sara was never warned about these horrific side effects by the Peace Corps, and the doctors in her post country didn’t seem to recognize the symptoms either. Our Peace Corps volunteers deserve better. They deserve better care than this, but, unfortunately, I have heard too many stories like Sara’s about Peace Corps volunteers. Young, enthusiastic volunteers eager to make a difference in the world are let down by the organization that they once held in such high esteem. Peace Corps volunteers selflessly sacrifice years of their lives to help people that they have never even met, often in some of the most desolate, dangerous places on the globe. Their service to our country should not turn into a nightmare that ruins or even ends their lives because we don’t take care of them. Small, commonsense changes could make a big difference in protecting our Peace Corps volunteers abroad and when they get home. That is why Representative KENNEDY  and I introduced the Sam Farr and Nick Castle Peace Corps Reform Act. This bill has passed our Committee on Foreign Affairs and takes important first steps for our angels abroad. It betters medical care for volunteers in the country, improves training on the side effects of malaria medications, and allows the Peace Corps to better prescribe other types of malaria medication. In addition, this bill better protects our volunteers from sexual assault and harassment when they are in foreign countries. When they return, it extends their health coverage, so they can get the care they need rather than stop taking care of them, as has happened in the past. There is still more that needs to be done to ensure the safety and security of those wonderful volunteers. They deserve to be protected by the United States and our law when we send them to far reaches of the world. When they return from service with injuries and sickness, volunteers should be able to make ends meet with the disability payment that they receive, which is not the case now. Mr. Speaker, I hope to see these provisions in law some day, but until then, the Sam Farr and Nick Castle Peace Corps Reform Act makes critical improvements for our volunteers. It is essential to see it become law. Peace Corps volunteers like Sara are the face of our country in places where America’s shining beacon of hope and liberty to other people may not always shine so bright without Peace Corps volunteers. These individuals promote goodwill, a better understanding of the United States, and this helps us secure enduring partnerships with these nations. It also does good in the country that they are in. They change lives every day in local communities that they serve, and they do this many times when they are alone. We must ensure we are doing all we can to minimize unnecessary dangers for our Peace 
Corps volunteers, both at home and abroad. The Sam Farr and Nick Castle Peace Corps Reform Act is a crucial first step, and I urge leadership to bring this bill to a vote soon. As a former judge, I can tell you that it is our duty to do everything within our power to protect these angels abroad. These goodwill ambassadors like Sara Thompson are some of America’s best, and America must take care of them when they serve overseas, when they are helping people overseas, and when they return home to America from being overseas. And that is just the way it is. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind Members that the rules do not allow references to persons in the gallery. 
‘‘Blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called children of God.’’—Matthew 5:9. As many of you know, Nicaragua is currently experiencing a serious and increasing political crisis. The people who demand democracy, freedom, and justice are firmly committed to seeking a peaceful solution. There are already more than 153 Nicaraguans who have lost their lives in just over a month of struggling toward such a resolution. The Society of Jesus, present in Nicaragua since 1916, has joined the people in this commitment. Our human, ethical, and Christian conviction requires us to share support and defend a peaceful solution to the conflict. We still have time to avoid more polarization, more bloodshed, and more pain. Honest dialogue and serious negotiation are vital in order to achieve it, for whoever wants peace does not assault, persecute, mistreat, or intimidate. We have been informed by a reliable source that the life of Father Jose Alberto Idiaquez, S.J., rector of the Central American University, the UCA of Nicaragua, is in serious danger. Father Idiaquez has been threatened for participating in the National Dialogue convened by the Bishops’ Conference, for standing alongside the students, for defending the human rights of those who are demanding respect for their constitutional rights, for making continuous calls to the Nicaraguan Government to give concrete signs that they too seek justice and democracy, and for involving the university in the efforts of the Nicaraguan people. Father general of the Society of Jesus, Father Arturo Sosa, S.J., resident in Rome, has been informed of this threat. With his support and on behalf of all of the Jesuits and committed lay collaborators in Jesuits West, we stand with the Jesuits of Central America and all of the lay people that make up the 40 Jesuit institutions that serve the people of Central America. We join Father Rolando Alvarado, S.J., provincial of Central American Province, in holding the Nicaraguan Government responsible for any aggression or attack that may be suffered by Father Jose Alberto Idiaquez, S.J. I call on the national and international human rights organizations, the Organization of American States, the U.N., the European Parliament, and all Jesuit universities of the world, the different churches, the U.S. Government, and all of those committed to basic human dignity, to strongly support the peaceful negotiations of a solution to the tragic situation that the country is experiencing and demand respect for the physical safety of all Nicaraguans who, like Father Idiaquez, S.J., and the Bishop’ Conference students, and other members of the civil society who are participating in the National Dialogue, are working for a lasting peace that is borne from justice. It is signed by Father Scott Santarosa, S.J. He is, again, the provincial of the western province. As many of you will recall, back in 1989, a very similar threat was made against Father Ignacio Ellacuria of the UCA of El Salvador. Unfortunately, that threat ended in the death of Father Ellacuria, along with five other Jesuits at the UCA, the Central American University, as well as two lay people. I think this is a very serious threat that our country has to take a look at and demand that steps be taken to protect the life of all Nicaraguans, and particularly the students and the rector of the Central American University, the Jesuit institution there. 
ADDRESSING THE OPIOID CRISIS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, the opioid crisis touches nearly every family in West Virginia, with too many lives lost to the disease of addiction. It is an issue I hear about every day. As the opioid epidemic forces increasing numbers of children into foster care, we see more and more grandparents being left to raise their grandchildren. These grandparents face the task of caring for young children while navigating a complex child welfare system. b1030 Many have little support and are also coping even with their adult child’s addiction. We must make it easier for grandparents who love and care for their grandchildren to navigate the system. Bills like the Assisting States’ Implementation of Plans of Safe Care Act aim to make it easier for families to gain custody of kids who have been removed from their parents’ care due to drug abuse. Allowing these family members to provide critical emotional support and stability to kids who have had their worlds turned upside down seems like common sense. Once in a stable home, support is still needed. Many of these grandparents never thought they would be raising another young child. The Supporting Grandparents Raising Grandchildren Act would provide them with information and resources to help them meet the needs of the children that they are caring for. The opioid crisis cannot be solved overnight, but we must keep fighting. We must enable families to come together to do what families do best, and that is help one another. We need to support those who are unexpectedly caring for young children and provide them with the support they need to raise healthy and happy kids. f 
U.S. ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS MUST STOP DISCHARGING TOXIC WATER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST) for 5 minutes. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I have a great 5minute speech prepared here, but I am just going to tell you the way it is. For the last 2 weeks, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has been using my community as their own personal septic tank. That is not hyperbole. That is the truth. Now, it hasn’t just happened this way for the last 2 weeks. They just started discharging water into my community 2 weeks ago. This has actually been going on for decades where, year after year after year, the Corps of Engineers decides that it is okay to discharge water that they know is toxic into an epicenter of human population. How do they know this water is toxic? Because the Federal Government sued the State of Florida at one point in history, saying: Listen, we don’t want you to send this water down south toward the Florida Everglades because it is killing the Florida Everglades. It is too toxic for what needs to go in there. So now the Corps of Engineers sends it to people. They send it to the kids who are out at fishing camp. They send it to the fishermen who are trying to pull fish out of the water, and they send it to the beaches where, instead, they have to put up signs that say: No swimming. Don’t touch the water. Hazard to human life. What kind of community is this where this is sent to? This is a community, the treasure coast of Florida. It is an area where beautiful waters from the Atlantic flow in. They make the water crystal clear. It used to be laden with sea grass, with sea life, and with waterfowl, and now you can find next to none of that because the water is no longer blue. The water no longer has sea grass and thriving fish beds in it because the 
water is black. It is black because the flowing waters in from the Atlantic Ocean can’t keep up with the toxic waters that are discharged into that estuary, into that nationally recognized estuary, by the hand of the Federal Government, by the hand of the U.S. Corps of Engineers. Where the water isn’t black, the water is green, like this, with toxic algae and cyanobacteria, things that no person should ever have to come in contact with. I will tell you, this body recently did a good job for what has to occur to fix this issue in the long term. We passed the Water Resources Development Act, where we went out there and put a placeholder into that bill for a southern reservoir, a reservoir south of our area to send this water so that they don’t have to send this water to the epicenter of human population in our area. We did a good job of doing something known as asking for a LORS review, a review of the schedule at which level we can keep the Lake Okeechobee water in that lake so that they don’t have to discharge that water into our community. We did a good job in making sure that we put resources toward how you can clean up algal blooms. Those were all very important things for the long term, but it doesn’t help the people in my community today and tomorrow, the people who have to worry about their children coming in contact with the water because of the human health risks associated with it. It doesn’t help the business owners, whom I have to see day after day with tears in their eyes because they are closing their doors for the last time because they can’t survive because of the way this devastates our economy from top to bottom. When you destroy the environment in our community, you destroy us. You destroy every one of us in our community. This cannot continue. This has to stop. I call on the U.S. Corps of Engineers that, until the moment comes where you can say the water you are sending into our area is not toxic whatsoever, until that day comes where you would go into that water yourself or bring your own family members for a vacation and for a swim in our waterways, then don’t send one more drop of that water into my community. I put on the same uniform as the members of the Corps of Engineers. We wore the same Army uniform, and I know that we carry the same passion for how we do things. We had an ethos: You always place the mission first; you never accept defeat; you never quit; and you never leave a fallen comrade. Right now my community is being left behind by the Corps of Engineers, and it is not right. I could say that not one moment during my time in the military would I have ever considered risking the life of one community in the name of something that may potentially happen in the future. It is not right; it can’t occur in our community; and that is why I call on the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to stop their discharging of toxic water immediately. 
CONGRATULATING MANHEIM TOWNSHIP HIGH SCHOOL BOYS LACROSSE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SMUCKER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Manheim Township High School boys lacrosse team, who recently won the program’s firstever PIAA State title. The Blue Streaks defeated La Salle, 6 to 4, in the PIAA Class 3A championship game this past Saturday to bring the title to Lancaster County. Manheim Township of District 3 became the first school from outside Districts 1 or 12 to win the boys lacrosse title since the tournament began. This historic championship is a fitting end to an excellent season that also included a program best 26–1 record and both the LancasterLebanon League and District 3 titles. These young men have put in countless hours of hard work to achieve this incredible result. As I have said before, high school sports are about more than just winning. They are about teaching our children valuable skills such as teamwork, commitment, and perseverance. They build character and create memories that will last a lifetime. These young men have displayed these valuable skills throughout their entire season, and I am proud to represent them. I look forward to the team’s future successes. Congratulations to the Manheim Township High School boys lacrosse team, the coaches, their families, and the faculty, staff, and students who enabled this historic title. 
Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to address another topic this morning. I want to speak in support of the House’s efforts to combat the opioid epidemic that has swept across Pennsylvania and across the Nation. This week, the House is voting on more than 30 opioidrelated bills, with many more to come next week as well. Sadly, you would be hardpressed today to find someone who hasn’t been impacted by this epidemic or who doesn’t know someone who has. It transcends socioeconomic and geographic lines and makes no distinction between age, income, race, gender, or politics. Hundreds of thousands of American lives have been cut short by drug abuse. In my region of Pennsylvania, prescription drugs, heroin, and fentanyl are the leading causes of death in several communities. In fact, our region has experienced a 23 percent increase in opioidrelated deaths in 2018 as compared to the same time period in 2017. Too many families feel broken and feel lost. Those whom we know personally—our neighbors, our family, and our friends—are working to save the lives of those whom they love. Our constituents should know that we here in Congress have their backs. They should know that we are working to provide them with the resources necessary to prevent addiction, to treat abuse, and to help families and individuals recover. This week and next, the House is passing legislation that changes the way opioids are prescribed and encourages alternative methods and medications to treat pain. We are cracking down on deadly synthetic drugs like fentanyl. We are giving law enforcement tools to get dangerous drugs off our streets and out of our communities, and we are improving data used to help atrisk patients, families, and those who are already struggling with addiction. Our communities are coming together and standing side by side to help each other through this difficult time. Those struggling with addiction and their family and friends are getting some muchneeded assistance from Congress. Both in Washington and in Pennsylvania, I will continue to work with my colleagues, community leaders, healthcare professionals, and law enforcement to prioritize an immediate and effective response to save the lives of those we love. f 
LUNCH BUDDY APP BUILDS FRIENDSHIPS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH) for 5 minutes. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate four exceptional students from New Jersey’s Point Pleasant Borough High School—Luke Boylan, Theresa Cardone, Jaspreet Kaur, and Adrian Wittmann—for their amazing app designed to ensure that their classmates with special needs have a lunch buddy to build friendships, share conversation, laugh, or talk about each other’s hopes and dreams. Lunch Buddy app helps make all participating students more understanding, knowledgeable, kind, and empathetic. Lunch Buddy app helps all participating students see the world from each other’s eyes. Everyone has good days and bad, strengths and weaknesses, and things we want to talk about to a friend. For many, high school can be difficult and lonely. Lunch Buddy app recognizes this and enables participating students to better grasp the Godgiven worth, inherent value, and innate goodness of everyone and says with neon lights: You are welcomed and cherished here. Working together, under the incredible guidance of their advanced software engineering teacher, Mr. Nick Gattuso, Luke, Theresa, Jaspreet, and Adrian created a Lunch Buddy app 
which earned them the top prize in New Jersey’s Fourth Congressional District App Challenge. Several weeks ago, the team came to the Capitol, where they were nationally recognized. Mr. Speaker, I had the privilege of seeing the app in action when I visited the high school in February and was struck by the extraordinary care and kindness of the winners and, frankly, all the students in the class. These young people are truly amazing. Allow me, Mr. Speaker, to say a brief word about the teacher, Nick Gattuso. After the terrorist attacks of 9/11, Mr. Gattuso was so inspired by the selflessness of so many that he left a highly successful career at Bell Labs and took an early retirement and huge pay cut to teach because he said he just wanted to give back to others. He said he was too old to be a firefighter and too old to be a cop, but he chose the noble profession of teacher. Today, with great skill, energy, and passion, Mr. Gattuso teaches his students, in his words, ‘‘how to use their programming, engineering, and problemsolving skills for good.’’ Lunch Buddy app epitomizes that good. Lunch Buddy app, Mr. Speaker, sprang out of a broader initiative to create a better learning environment for students with disabilities. In 2012, Point Pleasant Borough High School established The Panther Assisted Learning Software, or PALS, with the stated goal of ‘‘providing students with multiple disabilities differentiated assistive learning technologies and to promote increased independence and vocational sufficiency.’’ Additionally, PALS was created to overcome specific barriers to learning and to facilitate increased interaction between special needs students and their nondisabled peers. It is a wonderful program that teaches important lessons that last a lifetime, and I believe this program needs to be replicated in every high school in the country. b1045 The Lunch Buddy app is one of several realworld, operational apps that are enhancing the learning and community environment at Point Pleasant. Other apps, for example, assist students with their class schedules, money management, and re´sume´building and are developed in close collaboration with special needs students in the life skills class. As you know, Mr. Speaker, the Congressional App Challenge itself was created to allow students in STEM fields who also work in computer programming an opportunity to showcase their software application achievements. These STEM fields are central to the global workforce of the future, and it is critical for our students to have opportunities like this challenge to further develop expertise in computer programming and work with teammates to enhance their collective creativity. We all know that integrating into the academic and social environments at school can be difficult for many students, especially and including those with a disability. As the founder and cochair of the Congressional Autism Caucus, I have heard stories from countless families with children with autism who struggle. So I am especially grateful to our four designers of the Lunch Buddy app who showed both great technical skill and compassion. They put their expertise toward the service of others. Mr. Speaker, the world awaits what they and other students in that class have to offer. 
NORTH KOREAN NEGOTIATIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, for 22 years, I have served on the Foreign Affairs Committee and focused on North Korea. For two decades I have urged the toughest possible pressure not only on North Korea, but on China, North Korea’s lifeline. Just last month I joined Chairman YOHOof the Asia Subcommittee, where I serve as ranking member, in sending a letter insisting that we have tougher enforcement of our sanctions on large Chinese banks and other entities that supplied the necessary services to Kim Jongun. When the possibility of a summit was announced, the foreign policy community came forward with a unified message: No concessions until we get CVID, or the complete, verifiable, irreversible dismantlement of North Korea’s nuclear program. I found myself on the dovish edge of the foreign policy community. While I supported tougher sanctions, I believe that we should settle for a verifiable limit, a freeze and monitoring, a system where there is no cheating and where we can be sure that they are not selling their nuclear weapons to other even more dangerous parties. So I eagerly awaited Singapore. What we saw was a President that put into practice what he wrote about when he wrote his famous book, newly reissued and retitled, Trump: The Art of the Capitulation. What are the steps in capitulation? First, give the other side just about everything. Second, accept in return vague platitudes. Third, go on TV and announce that you have got the best deal ever. What did we get from North Korea? A temporary suspension of their most extreme barbarism. They agreed to release and did release three hostages. They said they will allow us to look for the bodies of our fallen heroes from the Korean War. They did not release the Japanese hostages, but they did release three American hostages. They implicitly agreed, though not explicitly, to an end of testing. But testing is hardly necessary once you have already proven your capacity. Russia has the capacity to destroy American cities, but they haven’t tested a nuclear weapon since 1990. Why? They proved it long ago. Likewise, North Korea has proven the capacity of its nuclear weapons. They don’t need further testing. They have missiles that can kill tens of thousands of Americans and millions of our allies in Tokyo, Seoul, and elsewhere in Asia. They have the capacity to smuggle their nuclear weapons near or into any of our West Coast cities. They have that capacity. They don’t need further testing. So they have given very little, but they gave one more thing. They pronounced the word denuclearization. This is the epitome of a vague platitude. For when North Korea says denuclearization, they say will give up their nuclear weapons when the whole world gives up its nuclear weapons; when, in the words of the Good Book, swords are beaten into plowshares. So what have we given up? First, we gave them what the Kim dynasty has always wanted: that face toface equality with an American President. Second, we have relaxed our sanctions, in effect. No, the statutes haven’t changed. But those big banks that Chairman YOHO and myself as ranking member once sanctioned, no way that is going to happen. Businesspeople in Moscow and Beijing know it is now time to move forward with business deals with North Korea. Also, he declared our military exercises to be provocative. What does that mean worldwide when an American President says: We better not train our troops; that is warlike? In the words, of Admiral Stavridis, who wrote in Time Magazine just a few days ago: ‘‘These are operational military exercises in which ships, aircraft, and ground forces . . . practice executing defined war plans.’’ To have our forces forward deployed without the benefit of that kind of practice would be negligent in the extreme and would lead to major combat losses in a real fight. Trump is saying these exercises are expensive. It is hardly expensive to train our troops. We have got a long way to go. We need to enforce the sanctions and make them tougher. We have to do this until we get a complete declaration of their nuclear materials, a verification, and a freeze. 
HONORING RABBI JOEL SIMON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a faith leader in our community who has made a tremendous impact on individuals in our home in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. 
Rabbi Joel Simon of the Shir Ami Synagogue in Newtown, has been a transformative force in providing spiritual guidance to his congregants. During his tenure, Mr. Speaker, at the Reform congregation, Joel has made great strides to enhance the educational environment for the over 700 families who attend Shir Ami. A strong proponent of strengthening Jewish identity, Rabbi Simon oversees community building exercises such as yoga, youth groups, and theater trips. Rabbi Simon will be departing Shir Ami on Saturday to return to his home in Florida. While he will be dearly missed by our community, we are sure that he will flourish in his next chapter. We wish him; his wife, Jacent; and their entire family all the best going forward. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize several individuals from our community in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who administered first aid that would ultimately save the life of a beloved school bus driver. In January, Janet Lapsley suffered a lifethreatening medical emergency. Discovered unconscious by fellow bus driver Bob Fay, Janet was found to be lacking a pulse. With the help of Bob and drivers Brent Briggs, Danny Shimp, and Jeff Randolph, Janet received CPR and oxygen. With the assistance of school nurse Dawn Fulton and athletic trainer Katie Holmes, Janet received the additional treatment she needed to survive while first responders were on the way. I would like to commend the first responders, who worked collectively and professionally to save Janet’s life. They are Ottsville Fire Company Chief William Shick, Deputy Chief James Keogh, Firefighter and EMT Jeff Lauble, and Junior Firefighter Evelyn Keogh. The weekend following this health scare, Janet’s brain activity hovered between 3 percent and 5 percent. However, with the help of a team of doctors and many prayers, Janet slowly recovered and is now working as a monitor on bus 97, continuing to assist the children she cares so deeply about. I would like to thank Bob, Brent, Danny, Jeff, Dawn, Katie, William, James, Jeff, and Evelyn for their courageous actions. Their knowledge and quick thinking truly saved the life of a dedicated community servant. I encourage all of my constituents to follow their lead and, as an EMT, educate themselves on the power of firstaid techniques to save lives every single day. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a teacher in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who is working to break down barriers both in and out of the classroom. Marc Cutillo, a biology teacher and special education teacher at William Tennent High School in Warminster, was recently a recipient of the Teacher as Hero award from the National Liberty Museum and State Farm Insurance. He was honored for his work teaching a science class for students which doubles as an English language class. Additionally, Marc has teamed up with fellow William Tennent teacher Joan Savion to establish Aqui Para Ti, a community group that seeks to strengthen relationships with the Latino community in the Centennial School District. I applaud Marc and Joan for their work in bridging the language and learning gap for students in our community. By giving them the tools to succeed, Marc and Joan are paving a brighter future for the next generation. f 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ) for 5 minutes. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, my district and communities across our Nation are being ravaged by the heroin and opioid epidemic. This crisis touches our homes, our friends, and our families in ways that have grave effects on everyday people and everyday lives. Over the last 15 years, heroinrelated deaths have quadrupled across our country. In 2016, over 3,600 New Yorkers died of an opioid overdose, with fatalities in some counties in my district doubling and tripling. This is why, since arriving in Congress, I have worked with my colleagues on the Bipartisan Heroin Task Force to pass the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, the 21st Century Cures Act, and to provide over $4 billion in funding to fight this epidemic. But we must continue to attack this epidemic headon, which is why we are passing a package of bills this week to prevent addiction, encourage treatment and recovery, and improve law enforcement to keep our communities safe. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to continue this incredibly important bipartisan work so that the families we represent can get the relief they need. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 58 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We thank You, once again, that we, Your creatures, can come before You and ask guidance for the men and women of the people’s House. There are many issues facing this Congress in these and coming days. Some are quite contentious; all are of importance to so many of our citizens and residents. Bless each Member with wisdom and insight into the many implications of their legislative actions so that all Americans rest assured that Your Spirit is at work in the business of the people’s House. Bless us this day and every day. May all that is done here be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MATSUI ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. MATSUI led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the first sponsor of H.R. 3828, the Patsy T. Mink Gender Equity in Education Act of 2017, a bill originally introduced by Representative Louise Slaughter of New York, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. PALMER ). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? There was no objection. 
THE ‘‘VACANT VA’’ IS AN INSULT TO OUR HEROES (Ms. BROWNLEY of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because I am deeply concerned that the Department of Veterans Affairs is missing nearly a dozen key, very important leaders, which is a grave disservice to our Nation’s veterans. It has been 4 weeks since the President announced his latest VA Secretary nominee, but he has yet to formally submit the nomination to the Senate. The VA has been without a permanent Under Secretary for Health since February of 2017, and there are at least nine Deputy Under Secretaries and Assistant Deputy Secretary positions without a permanent appointee. Without strong, steady leadership, how will the VA provide the best healthcare and timely benefits our Nation’s veterans deserve? The President must take responsibility for these failures of leadership and immediately prioritize identifying, properly vetting, and appointing the qualified leaders the VA needs because this ‘‘vacant VA’’ is an insult to our heroes. 
WE NEED A FISCAL CONSERVATIVE IN CHARGE OF THE PENTAGON (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I know that one of the easiest things in this world to do is to spend other people’s money; and for at least 50 years or more, we have been reading and hearing about unbelievable waste by the Pentagon and excessive charges by defense contractors who hire so many retired admirals and generals. But in today’s American Conservative magazine, there is an article about Air Force spending that really takes the cake. The article is entitled: ‘‘Why Do Air Force Planes Need $10,000 Toilet Seat Covers?’’ The story is by Dan Grazier, a former Marine captain. He wrote the following: ‘‘. . . a Department of Defense contractor told the Air Force that each new toilet seat cover for the C–17 cargo plane will cost $10,000. Will Roper, the Air Force’s Chief Acquisition official, rather than poohpoohing the cost, defended it by claiming the company would have to switch production from other products to make a limited number of toilet covers, thus driving up the expense.’’ It is unpatriotic, Mr. Speaker, for any Federal department, but especially the Defense Department, to spend taxpayers’ money so recklessly. I wish someday—someday—we could get a fiscal conservative in charge at the Pentagon. f 
OFFSHORE DRILLING (Mr. PALLONE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, House Republicans have taken their appalling assault on New Jersey to new lows: The Natural Resources Committee is considering legislation that would penalize States like New Jersey, where Governor Murphy and our people have had the courage and foresight to block drilling in State waters. What House Republicans don’t realize is that New Jerseyans will never be blackmailed into accepting drilling miles away from our $38 billionayear tourism industry. We know the damage that the BP oil spill did to communities on the Gulf Coast, and we will stop at nothing to prevent it off New Jersey’s waters. The Trump administration offered the largest offshore drilling plan we have ever seen last year, but even the President understands the true dangers of drilling. We know this because he excluded drilling off Florida waters at the request of his political allies there. Republicans understand the risk of offshore drilling, yet they are all too happy to subject coastal communities throughout our country to the risk. So much, Mr. Speaker, for State rights. Mr. Speaker, New Jerseyans have a long memory, and we will never forget this assault on our economy and our way of life. 
OUR NATION’S OPIOID EPIDEMIC (Mrs. HARTZLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the work the House is doing to address the opioid epidemic sweeping our Nation. Sadly, in 2016, our Nation lost more people to overdose deaths than were lost during the entire Vietnam war. One of those lives lost was Samantha Huntley, whose picture I have here. Samantha was an outgoing cheerleader at Kickapoo High School in Springfield, Missouri. When she was 16, she was in a car wreck and broke her back. Her doctor prescribed opioids to deal with the pain, and when they ran out, Sam turned to heroin. At age 18, she confessed to her mom she needed help, but she was never able to beat her addiction. Tragically, Sam succumbed to an overdose last year, at age 20. This epidemic must not take any more of our young people. That is why we are passing over 70 bills this week to address this crisis. Now is the time to prevent other tragedies so beautiful, amazing youth like Samantha can live. f 
CRUELTY IN ITS PUREST FORM (Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, tonight children—2, 3, 4 years old—will sleep alone in cages on American soil. Yes, the brutality being perpetrated by the United States Government is about who we are as a country. It is about morality. It is about humanity. But first, it is about those kids: The 5yearold boy from Honduras who collapsed on a kitchen floor in Michigan, sobbing for his parents; The mother who had to listen to her 7yearold daughter frantically screaming in a detention room next door as she was hauled away; The 3yearold boy who was put, inconsolable, on a flight to the Midwest after his mother was left behind; A 4monthold baby ripped from his father’s arms. I don’t care what you believe. I don’t care who you vote for or what you think about the nuances of immigration reform. These children—babies— need to be with their parents, just like every other child in this country. Anything less is cruelty in its purest form. 
CONGRATULATING LIEUTENANT ERIC SCHRAGE (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lieutenant Eric Schrage of the Collinsville Fire Department and congratulate him on being awarded the Medal of Honor Award from the Firefighting Medal of Honor Awards Ceremony this past May. Lieutenant Schrage was recognized for his actions in responding to a fire 
in an apartment building while driving his own personal vehicle last September. After Lieutenant Schrage assessed the situation and determined that the residents were trapped, he took matters into his own hands. Without regard for his own safety, he was able to enter the building and rescue a semiconscious woman trapped in her apartment, remove her from the complex, and remain with her until medical attention arrived. After rescuing the woman, he took actions to prevent the fire from spreading to other parts of the apartment. His quick actions helped prevent further damage and loss of life in the surrounding apartments. I am proud to recognize Lieutenant Schrage for his courage and selfless actions that saved a woman’s life. Thank you, Lieutenant Schrage and all the first responders for all that you do to protect us and keep us safe every day. 
PROTECT OUR LOVED ONES WITH PREEXISTING CONDITIONS (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring awareness to the Trump administration’s effort to gut the Affordable Care Act. Last Friday, the Justice Department failed to defend a key provision of the ACA that protects people with preexisting conditions. The decision jeopardizes millions of people’s healthcare in Texas. The DallasFort Worth Metroplex has one of the highest uninsured rates in the entire country. The congressional district that I represent, alone, has the highest uninsured rate in the entire country. Right now, Republicans are complicit in allowing insurance companies to discriminate against over 10 million Texans with preexisting conditions. Mr. Speaker, this is bad, and we are asking for basic empathy. We want to make sure that people don’t have to live in a constant state of panic and praying for the day that their health is in jeopardy and know that their insurance won’t be there for them. Let’s save the Affordable Care Act. Let’s make it stronger. These insurance plans that support hardworking families were put in place for a reason. We need to protect our loved ones with preexisting conditions, and that is what we demand. 
BATTLING THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC (Mr. POLIQUIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, Maine is a big small town. Our population is only 1.3 million people, and it seems like everybody, Mr. Speaker, knows everybody else. But this opioid epidemic has devastated so many of our families in the great State of Maine, including having a big impact on my own. Every day, one Mainer dies from an opioid epidemic up in our great State. We must continue to battle this devastating scourge on our population, and it must be all hands on deck. Several months ago, Congress appropriated $4 billion back to the States for increased law enforcement and early education and for recovery programs, but there is so much more, Mr. Speaker, that needs to be done. That is why this week I am so proud that the House of Representatives passed, with a big bipartisan vote, the Safe Disposal of Unused Medication Act. This allows hospice workers to safely dispose of unused opioids and other powerful medications so that they don’t fall into the wrong hands. I am grateful, Mr. Speaker, for all Democrats and Republicans here in D.C. and back in Maine who helped give our families more security. We have got to stay on the offense and battle this epidemic until we have won. f 
WORKPLACE VIOLENCE (Mr. KHANNA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share a sad story of what happens when we do not value our workers’ safety. Cynthia Palomata was a nurse from the bay area who worked in the county jail. She complained to her supervisors that her work area had insufficient lighting for reviewing paperwork. Rather than updating the lighting system or providing her with a secured light fixture, she was given a common desk lamp. One day, she was treating a patient, and when her back was turned, the patient grabbed the lamp and hit her over the head, knocking her into a coma. She never woke up. Every year, thousands of Americans are killed while at work, more than 4,000 in 2015 alone. That is why we have introduced, on a bipartisan basis, the Healthcare Workplace Violence Prevention Act, to stop tragedies like Cynthia’s from ever taking place again. It is bipartisan and it is common sense. The bill requires facilities to create violence prevention plans that address all levels of safety. Healthcare and social service workers face high risk. 
FLAG DAY AND CELEBRATING U.S. ARMY’S BIRTHDAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate Flag Day and celebrate the U.S. Army’s 243rd birthday. Each year on June 14, we celebrate the Stars and Stripes, which the Second Continental Congress designated as a symbol of our Nation on this day in 1777. Since our founding, our flag has flown across the country and the world. It has flown during both our most tragic moments and our greatest triumphs. It has also been a glorious symbol of hope for our brave servicemen and women, who salute it, defend it, serve it, and, in some cases, die for it to protect our freedom and liberty. Yesterday, I was proud to join Secretary of the Army Mark Esper, Army Chief of Staff General Milley, and the Sergeant Major of the Army to celebrate the rich history of our Army. Without the Army 243 years ago, we would not be the great Nation that we are today. And today, we celebrate two great symbols of freedom, our Army and our flag, which both symbolize America being the land of the free and the home of the brave. f 
RECOGNIZING MARK GWYN (Mr. DESJARLAIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DESJARLAIS. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to recognize the recent retirement of director of the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation, a native of Tennessee’s Fourth District, Mark Gwyn. Throughout Mark’s 30 year career, he served as the standard for Tennessee law enforcement. Beginning as a patrol officer for the McMinnville Police Department in 1985, Gwyn quickly joined the TBI as a special agent, where he showed superb investigative ability, leadership skills, and work ethic. Eight years later, he was promoted to executive officer, then to assistant director, overseeing the forensic services division, and, finally, to director of the TBI in 2004. Serving longer than any of his predecessors, Gwyn implemented many policies and programs that helped the bureau evolve over the past several years. He steered the bureau’s fight to combat illegal methamphetamine production in the State and took great steps in combating human trafficking. He oversaw the development of Tennessee’s nationally recognized fusion center, which provides numerous services that help link local, State, and Federal resources together to improve the safety of all Tennesseeans. As we look ahead, there will almost certainly be new challenges that TBI will face and difficulties that its future leaders will have to overcome. But with the foundation built during his tenure, I am certain that TBI will face these challenges with the same professionalism, efficiency, and grace that Director Gwyn has exhibited. I thank Mark Gwyn for his service and wish him well in his retirement. 
SECURING THE INTERNATIONAL MAIL AGAINST OPIOIDS ACT OF 2018 Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 934, I call up 
the bill (H.R. 5788) to provide for the processing by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of certain international mail shipments and to require the provision of advance electronic information on international mail shipments of mail, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 934, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means printed in the bill, the amendment in the nature of a substitute printed in part C of House Report 115–751, modified by the amendment printed in part D of the report, is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 5788 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Synthetics Trafficking and Overdose Prevention Act of 2018’’ or ‘‘STOP Act of 2018’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Customs fees. Sec. 3. Mandatory advance electronic information for postal shipments. Sec. 4. International postal agreements. Sec. 5. Cost recoupment. Sec. 6. Development of technology to detect illicit narcotics. Sec. 7. Civil penalties for postal shipments. Sec. 8. Report on violations of arrival, reporting, entry, and clearance requirements and falsity or lack of manifest. Sec. 9. Effective date; regulations. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031(b)(9) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(b)(9)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D)(i) With respect to the processing of items that are sent to the United States through the international postal network by ‘Inbound Express Mail service’ or ‘Inbound EMS’ (as that service is described in the mail classification schedule referred to in section 3631 of title 39, United States Code), the following payments are required: ‘‘(I) $1 per Inbound EMS item. ‘‘(II) If an Inbound EMS item is formally entered, the fee provided for under subsection (a)(9), if applicable. ‘‘(ii) Notwithstanding section 451 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1451), the payments required by clause (i), as allocated pursuant to clause (iii)(I), shall be the only payments required for reimbursement of U.S. Customs and Border Protection for customs services provided in connection with the processing of an Inbound EMS item. ‘‘(iii)(I) The payments required by clause (i)(I) shall be allocated as follows: ‘‘(aa) 50 percent of the amount of the payments shall be paid on a quarterly basis by the United States Postal Service to the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury to reimburse U.S. Customs and Border Protection for customs services provided in connection with the processing of Inbound EMS items. ‘‘(bb) 50 percent of the amount of the payments shall be retained by the Postal Service to reimburse the Postal Service for services provided in connection with the customs processing of Inbound EMS items. ‘‘(II) Payments received by U.S. Customs and Border Protection under subclause (I)(aa) shall, in accordance with section 524 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1524), be deposited in the Customs User Fee Account and used to directly reimburse each appropriation for the amount paid out of that appropriation for the costs incurred in providing services to international mail facilities. Amounts deposited in accordance with the preceding sentence shall be available until expended for the provision of such services. ‘‘(III) Payments retained by the Postal Service under subclause (I)(bb) shall be used to directly reimburse the Postal Service for the costs incurred in providing services in connection with the customs processing of Inbound EMS items. ‘‘(iv) Beginning in fiscal year 2021, the Secretary, in consultation with the Postmaster General, may adjust, not more frequently than once each fiscal year, the amount described in clause (i)(I) to an amount commensurate with the costs of services provided in connection with the customs processing of Inbound EMS items, consistent with the obligations of the United States under international agreements.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 13031(a) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘(other than an item subject to a fee under subsection (b)(9)(D))’’ after ‘‘customs officer’’; and (2) in paragraph (10)— (A) in subparagraph (C), in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘(other than Inbound EMS items described in subsection (b)(9)(D))’’ after ‘‘release’’; and (B) in the flush at the end, by inserting ‘‘or of Inbound EMS items described in subsection (b)(9)(D),’’ after ‘‘(C),’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2020. 
SEC. 3. MANDATORY ADVANCE ELECTRONIC INFORMATION FOR POSTAL SHIPMENTS. 
(a) M ANDATORY ADVANCE ELECTRONIC INFORMATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 343(a)(3)(K) of the Trade Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–210; 19 U.S.C. 2071 note) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(K)(i) The Secretary shall prescribe regulations requiring the United States Postal Service to transmit the information described in paragraphs (1) and (2) to the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection for international mail shipments by the Postal Service (including shipments to the Postal Service from foreign postal operators that are transported by private carrier) consistent with the requirements of this subparagraph. ‘‘(ii) In prescribing regulations under clause (i), the Secretary shall impose requirements for the transmission to the Commissioner of information described in paragraphs (1) and (2) for mail shipments described in clause (i) that are comparable to the requirements for the transmission of such information imposed on similar non mail shipments of cargo, taking into account the parameters set forth in subparagraphs (A) through (J). ‘‘(iii) The regulations prescribed under clause (i) shall require the transmission of the information described in paragraphs (1) and (2) with respect to a shipment as soon as practicable in relation to the transportation of the shipment, consistent with subparagraph (H). ‘‘(iv) Regulations prescribed under clause (i) shall allow for the requirements for the transmission to the Commissioner of information described in paragraphs (1) and (2) for mail shipments described in clause (i) to be implemented in phases, as appropriate, by— ‘‘(I) setting incremental targets for increasing the percentage of such shipments for which information is required to be transmitted to the Commissioner; and ‘‘(II) taking into consideration— ‘‘(aa) the risk posed by such shipments; ‘‘(bb) the volume of mail shipped to the United States by or through a particular country; and ‘‘(cc) the capacities of foreign postal operators to provide that information to the Postal Service. ‘‘(v)(I) Notwithstanding clause (iv), the Postal Service shall, not later than December 31, 2018, arrange for the transmission to the Commissioner of the information described in paragraphs (1) and (2) for not less than 70 percent of the aggregate number of mail shipments, including 100 percent of mail shipments from the People’s Republic of China, described in clause (i). ‘‘(II) If the requirements of subclause (I) are not met, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees, not later than June 30, 2019, a report— ‘‘(aa) assessing the reasons for the failure to meet those requirements; and ‘‘(bb) identifying recommendations to improve the collection by the Postal Service of the information described in paragraphs (1) and (2). ‘‘(vi)(I) Notwithstanding clause (iv), the Postal Service shall, not later than December 31, 2020, arrange for the transmission to the Commissioner of the information described in paragraphs (1) and (2) for 100 percent of the aggregate number of mail shipments described in clause (i). ‘‘(II) The Commissioner, in consultation with the Postmaster General, may determine to exclude a country from the requirement described in subclause (I) to transmit information for mail shipments described in clause (i) from the country if the Commissioner determines that the country— ‘‘(aa) does not have the capacity to collect and transmit such information; ‘‘(bb) represents a low risk for mail shipments that violate relevant United States laws and regulations; and ‘‘(cc) accounts for low volumes of mail shipments that can be effectively screened for compliance with relevant United States laws and regulations through an alternate means. ‘‘(III) The Commissioner shall, at a minimum on an annual basis, reevaluate any determination made under subclause (II) to exclude a country from the requirement described in subclause (I). If, at any time, the Commissioner determines that a country no longer meets the requirements under subclause (II), the Commissioner may not further exclude the country from the requirement described in subclause (I). ‘‘(IV) The Commissioner shall, on an annual basis, submit to the appropriate congressional committees— ‘‘(aa) a list of countries with respect to which the Commissioner has made a determination under subclause (II) to exclude the countries from the requirement described in subclause (I); and ‘‘(bb) information used to support such determination with respect to such countries. ‘‘(vii)(I) The Postmaster General shall, in consultation with the Commissioner, refuse any shipments received after December 31, 
2020, for which the information described in paragraphs (1) and (2) is not transmitted as required under this subparagraph, except as provided in subclause (II). ‘‘(II) If remedial action is warranted in lieu of refusal of shipments pursuant to subclause (I), the Postmaster General and the Commissioner shall take remedial action with respect to the shipments, including destruction, seizure, controlled delivery or other law enforcement initiatives, or correction of the failure to provide the information described in paragraphs (1) and (2) with respect to the shipments. ‘‘(viii) Nothing in this subparagraph shall be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary to obtain information relating to international mail shipments from private carriers or other appropriate parties. ‘‘(ix) In this subparagraph, the term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(I) the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and ‘‘(II) the Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives.’’. (2) JOINT STRATEGIC PLAN ON MANDATORY  
ADVANCE INFORMATION .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Postmaster General shall develop and submit to the appropriate congressional committees a joint strategic plan detailing specific performance measures for achieving— (A) the transmission of information as required by section 343(a)(3)(K) of the Trade Act of 2002, as amended by paragraph (1); and (B) the presentation by the Postal Service to U.S. Customs and Border Protection of all mail targeted by U.S. Customs and Border Protection for inspection. (b) CAPACITY BUILDING .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 343(a) of the Trade Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–210; 19 U.S.C. 2071 note) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) CAPACITY BUILDING .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, and in coordination with the Postmaster General and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appropriate, may provide technical assistance, equipment, technology, and training to enhance the capacity of foreign postal operators— ‘‘(i) to gather and provide the information required by paragraph (3)(K); and ‘‘(ii) to otherwise gather and provide postal shipment information related to— ‘‘(I) terrorism; ‘‘(II) items the importation or introduction of which into the United States is prohibited or restricted, including controlled substances; and ‘‘(III) such other concerns as the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(B) PROVISION OF EQUIPMENT AND TECH NOLOGY .—With respect to the provision of equipment and technology under subparagraph (A), the Secretary may lease, loan, provide, or otherwise assist in the deployment of such equipment and technology under such terms and conditions as the Secretary may prescribe, including nonreimbursable loans or the transfer of ownership of equipment and technology.’’. (2) JOINT STRATEGIC PLAN ON CAPACITY  
BUILDING .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Postmaster General shall, in consultation with the Secretary of State, jointly develop and submit to the appropriate congressional committees a joint strategic plan— (A) detailing the extent to which U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the United States Postal Service are engaged in capacity building efforts under section 343(a)(5) of the Trade Act of 2002, as added by paragraph (1); (B) describing plans for future capacity building efforts; and (C) assessing how capacity building has increased the ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Postal Service to advance the goals of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. (c) REPORT AND CONSULTATIONS BY SECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY AND POSTMASTER GENERAL .— (1) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until 3 years after the Postmaster General has met the requirement under clause (vi) of subparagraph (K) of section 343(a)(3) of the Trade Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (a)(1), the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Postmaster General shall, in consultation with the Secretary of State, jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on compliance with that subparagraph that includes the following: (A) An assessment of the status of the regulations required to be promulgated under that subparagraph. (B) An update regarding new and existing agreements reached with foreign postal operators for the transmission of the information required by that subparagraph. (C) A summary of deliberations between the United States Postal Service and foreign postal operators with respect to issues relating to the transmission of that information. (D) A summary of the progress made in achieving the transmission of that information for the percentage of shipments required by that subparagraph. (E) An assessment of the quality of that information being received by foreign postal operators, as determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security, and actions taken to improve the quality of that information. (F) A summary of policies established by the Universal Postal Union that may affect the ability of the Postmaster General to obtain the transmission of that information. (G) A summary of the use of technology to detect illicit synthetic opioids and other illegal substances in international mail parcels and planned acquisitions and advancements in such technology. (H) Such other information as the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Postmaster General consider appropriate with respect to obtaining the transmission of information required by that subparagraph. (2) CONSULTATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter until the Postmaster General has met the requirement under clause (vi) of section 343(a)(3)(K) of the Trade Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (a)(1), to arrange for the transmission of information with respect to 100 percent of the aggregate number of mail shipments described in clause (i) of that section, the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Postmaster General shall provide briefings to the appropriate congressional committees on the progress made in achieving the transmission of that information for that percentage of shipments. (d) GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  REPORT .—Not later than June 30, 2019, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report— (1) assessing the progress of the United States Postal Service in achieving the transmission of the information required by subparagraph (K) of section 343(a)(3) of the Trade Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (a)(1), for the percentage of shipments required by that subparagraph; (2) assessing the quality of the information received from foreign postal operators for targeting purposes; (3) assessing the specific percentage of targeted mail presented by the Postal Service to U.S. Customs and Border Protection for inspection; (4) describing the costs of collecting the information required by such subparagraph (K) from foreign postal operators and the costs of implementing the use of that information; (5) assessing the benefits of receiving that information with respect to international mail shipments; (6) assessing the feasibility of assessing a customs fee under section 13031(b)(9) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended by section 2, on international mail shipments other than Inbound Express Mail service in a manner consistent with the obligations of the United States under international agreements; and (7) identifying recommendations, including recommendations for legislation, to improve the compliance of the Postal Service with such subparagraph (K), including an assessment of whether the detection of illicit synthetic opioids in the international mail would be improved by— (A) requiring the Postal Service to serve as the consignee for international mail shipments containing goods; or (B) designating a customs broker to act as an importer of record for international mail shipments containing goods. (e) TECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 343 of the Trade Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–210; 19 U.S.C. 2071 note) is amended in the section heading by striking ‘‘
ADVANCE ’’. (f) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. 
(a) E XISTING AGREEMENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—In the event that any provision of this Act, or any amendment made by this Act, is determined to be in violation of obligations of the United States under any postal treaty, convention, or other international agreement related to international postal services, or any amendment to such an agreement, the Secretary of State should negotiate to amend the relevant provisions of the agreement so that the United States is no longer in violation of the agreement. (2) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to permit delay in the implementation of this Act or any amendment made by this Act. (b) FUTURE AGREEMENTS .— (1) CONSULTATIONS .—Before entering into, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, any postal treaty, convention, or other international agreement related to international postal services, or any amendment to such an agreement, that is related to the ability of the United States to secure the provision of advance electronic information by foreign postal operators, the Secretary of State should consult with the appropriate congressional committees (as defined in section 3(f)). (2) EXPEDITED NEGOTIATION OF NEW AGREE MENT .—To the extent that any new postal 
treaty, convention, or other international agreement related to international postal services would improve the ability of the United States to secure the provision of advance electronic information by foreign postal operators as required by regulations prescribed under section 343(a)(3)(K) of the Trade Act of 2002, as amended by section 3(a)(1), the Secretary of State should expeditiously conclude such an agreement. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The United States Postal Service shall, to the extent practicable and otherwise recoverable by law, ensure that all costs associated with complying with this Act and amendments made by this Act are charged directly to foreign shippers or foreign postal operators. (b) COSTS NOTCONSIDERED REVENUE .—The recovery of costs under subsection (a) shall not be deemed revenue for purposes of subchapter I and II of chapter 36 of title 39, United States Code, or regulations prescribed under that chapter. 
SEC. 6. DEVELOPMENT OF TECHNOLOGY TO DETECT ILLICIT NARCOTICS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Postmaster General and the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, in coordination with the heads of other agencies as appropriate, shall collaborate to identify and develop technology for the detection of illicit fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive substances entering the United States by mail. (b) OUTREACH TO PRIVATE SECTOR .—The Postmaster General and the Commissioner shall conduct outreach to private sector entities to gather information regarding the current state of technology to identify areas for innovation relating to the detection of illicit fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive substances entering the United States. 
Section 436 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1436) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) CIVIL PENALTIES FOR POSTAL SHIPMENTS .— ‘‘(1) CIVIL PENALTY .—A civil penalty shall be imposed against the United States Postal Service if the Postal Service accepts a shipment in violation of section 343(a)(3)(K)(vii)(I) of the Trade Act of 2002. ‘‘(2) MODIFICATION OF CIVIL PENALTY .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall reduce or dismiss a civil penalty imposed pursuant to paragraph (1) if U.S. Customs and Border Protection determines that the United States Postal Service— ‘‘(i) has a low error rate in compliance with section 343(a)(3)(K) of the Trade Act of 2002; ‘‘(ii) is cooperating with U.S. Customs and Border Protection with respect to the violation of section 343(a)(3)(K)(vii)(I) of the Trade Act of 2002; or ‘‘(iii) has taken remedial action to prevent future violations of section 343(a)(3)(K)(vii)(I) of the Trade Act of 2002. ‘‘(B) WRITTEN NOTIFICATION .—U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall issue a written notification to the Postal Service with respect to each exercise of the authority of subparagraph (A) to reduce or dismiss a civil penalty imposed pursuant to paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) ONGOING LACK OF COMPLIANCE .—If U.S. Customs and Border Protection determines that the United States Postal Service— ‘‘(A) has repeatedly committed violations of section 343(a)(3)(K)(vii)(I) of the Trade Act of 2002, ‘‘(B) has failed to cooperate with U.S. Customs and Border Protection with respect to violations of section 343(a)(3)(K)(vii)(I) of the Trade Act of 2002, and ‘‘(C) has an increasing error rate in compliance with section 343(a)(3)(K) of the Trade Act of 2002, civil penalties may be imposed against the United States Postal Service until corrective action, satisfactory to U.S. Customs and Border Protection, is taken.’’. SEC. 8. REPORT ON VIOLATIONS OF ARRIVAL, REPORTING, ENTRY, AND CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS AND FALSITY OR LACK OF MANIFEST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an annual report that contains the information described in subsection (b) with respect to each violation of section 436 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1436), as amended by section 7, and section 584 of such Act (19 U.S.C. 1584) that occurred during the previous year. (b) INFORMATION DESCRIBED .—The information described in this subsection is the following: (1) The name and address of the violator. (2) The specific violation that was committed. (3) The location or port of entry through which the items were transported. (4) An inventory of the items seized, including a description of the items and the quantity seized. (5) The location from which the items originated. (6) The entity responsible for the apprehension or seizure, organized by location or port of entry. (7) The amount of penalties assessed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, organized by name of the violator and location or port of entry. (8) The amount of penalties that U.S. Customs and Border Protection could have levied, organized by name of the violator and location or port of entry. (9) The rationale for negotiating lower penalties, organized by name of the violator and location or port of entry. (c) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATE.—This Act and the amendments made by this Act (other than the amendments made by section 2) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) REGULATIONS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, such regulations as are necessary to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be prescribed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5788, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Washington? There was no objection. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be here today to speak in support of H.R. 5788, the Synthetics Trafficking and Overdose Prevention Act, which is short for STOP Act. By passing this important bipartisan bill today, we are standing up for the health and safety of our communities and families and closing an important loophole allowing contraband to enter the United States through international mail. In my home State of Washington, there has been a 134 percent increase in opioidrelated cases between 2004 and 2016, and opioidrelated deaths increased by 33 percent. This increase, shockingly, exceeds our State’s population growth, and it is why the work that we have been doing in Congress and in the Ways and Means Committee is so important. In April, we held a hearing in the Trade Subcommittee with witnesses from the United States Customs and Border Protection and the United States Postal Service. They discussed how synthetic opioids are entering the United States through the international mail system and how we can help them put a stop to this. The bipartisan legislation that we will vote on today supports their work by requiring advance electronic data on international mail shipments and allowing the Border Patrol to target for opioid shipments. It also holds these agencies accountable to do so much more than they have been doing by using hardline deadlines and mandates, as well as penalties. Ultimately, the bill will require the Postal Service to refuse packages for which this information is not provided unless there is compelling reason. The opioid crisis must be addressed from every angle, and that includes stopping illicit synthetic opioids from entering our country. We must do more to protect our families, our communities, and this bill would do just that. I want to thank Chairman BRADY and Ranking Member PASCRELL , Representative MIKE BISHOP , Representative JOHNFASO, and many of my colleagues who have worked together on this bill. I would also like to thank the staffs of each one of these Members who have worked so hard and dedicated so much time on this critical issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the STOP Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, June 6, 2018. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN BRADY : I write concerning H.R. 5788, the ‘‘Securing the International Mail Against Opioids Act of 2018.’’ This legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Homeland Security. In order to expedite floor consideration of H.R. 5788, the Committee on Homeland Security agrees to forgo action on this bill. This is conditional on our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 5788 at this time, the Committee on Homeland Security does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and will be appropriately consulted as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address issues in our jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, June 6, 2018. Hon. MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5788, ‘‘Securing the International Mail Against Opioids Act of 2018,’’ on which the Committee on Homeland Security was granted an additional referral. I am most appreciative of your decision to waive formal consideration of H.R. 5788 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you waived formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on Homeland Security is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. TREYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee Oversight and Government Reform, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN GOWDY : I write to you regarding H.R. 5788, the ‘‘Securing the International Mail Against Opioids Act of 2018’’ on which the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform was granted an additional referral. I ask that you waive formal consideration of H.R. 5788 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. I acknowledge that by waiving formal consideration of this bill, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, June 11, 2018. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5788, the Securing the International Mail Against Opioids Act of 2018. As you know, certain provisions of the bill fall within the jurisdiction of Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. So that H.R. 5788 may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor, I agree to discharging the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform from further consideration thereof. I agree that forgoing formal consideration of the bill will not prejudice the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform with respect to any future jurisdictional claim, and I appreciate your agreement to support appointment of members of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform as conferees in any House Senate conference on this or related legislation. In addition, I request the Committee be consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so we may address any remaining issues within our jurisdiction. Finally, I request you include your letter and this response in the bill report filed by your Committee, as well as in the Congressional Record during consideration of the bill on the floor. Sincerely, TREYGOWDY . 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ) be permitted to control the time of the majority. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Washington? There was no objection. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, our country is currently experiencing an epidemic of opioidrelated overdoses and fatalities. My community and my State of Massachusetts are not strangers to the heartbreak and devastation that we recognize on this occasion. There is a lot we can and should be doing about the opioid epidemic, and I am eager to work with my colleagues here in the House on comprehensive and effective solutions. For today, the bill we are to consider is a good start. The Synthetics Trafficking and Overdose Prevention, or STOP, Act of 2018 shores up the ability of U.S. Customs to target and thwart shipments of synthetic opioids like fentanyl into the United States through the mail. It requires the U.S. Postal Service to collect important information about the contents and senders of packages from foreign postal services. I supported the earlier edition of this bill that was introduced in 2017 because I recognized the enormity of the devastation we face with opioids. I know that there were serious concerns with the earlier version of the bill, especially with respect to the severity of the penalties it imposed on the Postal Service. I am glad that the STOP Act that we are considering today makes important improvements to that original bill and to those penalties and provisions. Let me especially express my appreciation for Ways and Means Trade Subcommittee Ranking Member BILLPASCRELL , who has worked together with the Democrats on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, the Senate, and the majority, obviously, to make improvements. I understand there were some continued concerns with the bill, and we certainly want to continue to work with interested parties to address those concerns. Given the urgency of the epidemic at hand, I am glad that we are able to support what is in front of us today, which I believe is a strong and achievable measure in this legislation to at least address part of the opioid epidemic. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ), and I ask unanimous consent that he may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my legislation, H.R. 5788, the STOP Act. Mr. Speaker, this bill is focused on stopping synthetic opioids like fentanyl and carfentanil from entering our country through the international mail system. These synthetic opioids can be 50 to 500 times more potent than a regular street dose of heroin, and it is the ever growing presence of these synthetic opiates in our country that is causing overdose deaths to skyrocket. In fact, today, according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse, there are over 115 deaths each and every day from opioid overdose. To address this crisis, I have been traveling across my district in Michigan hosting townhalls and roundtables, where I have heard, firsthand, the devastating impact this crisis is having in our communities. I have also met with a wide range of officials in my district who are on the front lines of this crisis, including police and fire personnel, emergency response personnel, educators, medical 
professionals, and others, all of whom are pleading for commonsense solutions at the Federal level to address this crisis, just like the bill we are voting on today. I want to be candid; I agree. Currently, our government is not doing enough to stop the flow of synthetic opiates coming through the international mail system. I was astounded to find out that current law treats packages coming in through private carriers like FedEx and UPS differently than it does shipments through the international mail system. Private carriers are required to provide what is known as advance electronic data, or AED, on all inbound packages, while the same is not true for shipments handled by the United States Postal Service in the international mail system. This advance electronic data includes three primary pieces of information: where a package is from, where it is going to, and what is in it. This is actionable data that enables the CBP to target highrisk shipments for inspection and seizure. Officials at the CBP will tell you this is all about finding a needle in a haystack. This AED information provides law enforcement the tools they need, the information they need to interdict and seize these illegal packages. b1230 So here, specifically, is what my bill would do: H.R. 5788 would require the United States Postal Service to obtain AED on all international mail shipments by 2020 so that the United States Customs and Border Protection can target suspicious packages for synthetic opioids and other dangerous shipments. It also requires USPS to ramp up 70 percent AED compliance by the end of this year. The legislation would also require the United States Postal Service to refuse shipment of any foreign package that does not have AED after 2020. Additionally, this bill includes strong enforcement and accountability provisions that will impose civil penalties against the United States Postal Service if they accept packages without AED after 2020. Lastly, and I think most importantly, this bill gives Congress strong oversight authority, which includes biannual reporting to Congress and reporting by the GAO to update us on the agency’s progress. In the end, it is the responsibility of Congress to ensure agencies are complying with the law. I would like to, if I could, quickly thank Chairman BRADY , Chairman REICHERT , Ranking Member N EAL, Congressman PASCRELL , Congressmen FASOand K ELLY , and all my colleagues on the House Ways and Means Committee for their support. I would also like to thank Senators HATCH , WYDEN , and PORTMAN for all their constructive input in this process. Mr. Speaker, this is about stopping dangerous opioids from entering our country. Too many Americans have died from the opioid crisis, and it is high time we take action to put a stop to the inflow of foreign synthetic opioids. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased, Mr. Speaker, to be on the floor today regarding a bill that we have been negotiating for many months and that deals with an incredibly important topic: the opioid epidemic that is having a devastating impact across the country. Despite current efforts, this opioid epidemic continues to ravage our communities. Every day in this country, 115 Americans lose their lives to opioids—painkillers. In 2016, my home State of New Jersey alone experienced 2,056 lives lost to this epidemic. The New Jersey Attorney General predicts that it will be 3,000 this year. This legislation addresses one aspect of the crisis: synthetic opioids making their way into homes across the country through the mail. According to the Drug Enforcement Agency, China is the primary source of the fentanyl that enters this country. Fentanyl is often sold online and then shipped to the United States in small quantities, making it very difficult to detect. I saw firsthand the way that the U.S. Postal Service and Customs is working together to stop the flow of synthetic opioids coming in through international mail. I visited a mail facility in Secaucus, New Jersey, with representatives from these agencies and the Food and Drug Administration. I know that the Postal Service receives an overwhelming volume of mail and they are working hard with limited resources to screen shipments. But we have some clear strategies that we can employ to create an effective system for targeting shipments that have a risk of containing these opioids, namely collecting advance electronic data, AED, on all packages that enter the United States. The information contained in the AED typically includes the name and address of the shipper and recipient, as well as the contents of the package. CBP, Customs and Border Protection, uses this information to identify packages that may pose a risk. Customs can then place a hold on the shipment and notify carriers that a package must be presented for examination. Private carriers have been required to collect this information since 2002, but we made the Postal Service exempt from this requirement. As a result, it has become the preferred method for shipping illicit materials, including opioids, into the United States. The version of the STOP Act that we are considering today is an amended version of the original act, which was introduced back in 2017. We had 271 sponsors on that legislation. The old STOP Act would have required the United States Postal Service to collect 100 percent of that information within 1 year or face penalties of up to $5,000 for every package for which it failed to do so. A number of stakeholders raised concerns with this approach, so we worked with them, including the Postal Service and their unions, to try to arrive at a workable solution. As a result of these discussions and consultations, we have been able to make a number of important changes. The legislation on the floor today makes a number of significant changes that address the concerns raised by stakeholders. First, this bill allows more time for the United States Postal Service to come into compliance. The United States Postal Service will have until the end of 2020 to transmit the AED on all international mail delivered to the United States. This legislation includes a waiver that excludes countries that lack capacity to collect that information and pose a low risk of violating U.S. laws from the 100 percent requirement. As a result, the United States Postal Service will not be penalized for issues that are outside its control and should be able to comply with its international commitments. Second, the amended legislation removes the requirement that the United States Postal Service hire a broker for every package that enters into the United States, saving costs and ensuring they can receive inbound mail under its current practices. Finally, the legislation provides for a more nuanced approach to United States Postal Service penalties. Customs is required to reduce or eliminate penalties if the Postal Service does one of three things: it cooperates with Customs, it has a high compliance rate, or it takes remedial measures. These changes were proposed by the United States Postal Service to address its concerns regarding the penalties provision. So as a practical matter, these changes mean that, if the Postal Service continues its current work, penalties will likely never be imposed. Further, the legislation does not allow penalties to be considered until 2021. I would also like to highlight language in the bill directing the Customs and Border Protection to provide an annual report on the individuals and the companies that are not providing this information and the manner in which it imposes penalties. Requiring the CBP to report this useful information on violators and violator penalty assessments I believe will enhance the interdiction of prohibited items from entering the United States through express consignment operators. This revised bill has support from a variety of public safety and public health groups, as well as the National Conference of State Legislatures. Just before we started today, the Fraternal Order of Police sent a supporting letter in support of this. This is good news for both sides of the aisle. 
This revised bill has support from a variety of public safety and public health groups. Despite the significant changes, I understand that some of the stakeholders remain opposed, and we should understand that. We tried to work with those who have opposed. I respect the continued concerns that these stakeholders have articulated and look forward to working with them going forward. However, with the changes that we have been able to incorporate into this legislation on a bipartisan basis, I believe that the current legislation provides an aggressive but workable approach to the United States Postal Service. I strongly support the legislation, Mr. Speaker, on the floor today, and I urge my colleagues to vote for it as well. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ). Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, all of us, everybody we know, has a lot of things that they are dealing with on a daily basis. There are challenges, and there are issues and little minicrises, until somebody gets a phone call that says that their child is in the emergency room with an opioid overdose. Then, all of a sudden, you have one crisis. That has been happening in my constituency, and I know that has been happening in districts all across the country. The first time this issue was brought to my attention, it was from a friend of mine. The coroner in DuPage County, Illinois, in my district, Dr. Rich Jorgensen said: Peter, there are kids who are dying of this crisis. He kept being a voice on this and bringing it to my attention. He and others in my home county, the HOPE Taskforce, have been joining together. I have met with them. They have given me feedback. Similarly, there is another task force, the Substance Abuse Coalition in McHenry County, Illinois, doing similar work. As I have met with them, they have said that one of the challenges is that this drug, this fentanyl, comes in through the United States Postal Service. When you first hear about this, you are incredulous about it. You say: No, that can’t be. But the more you learn, the more you realize that this is a major problem. In fact, in terms of importing this or this crossing our border, my understanding is that this is at the top of the heap. To understand the nature, the science, and the medicine behind fentanyl is to mean that it scares the living daylights out of you. This molecule gets in your body, and the power of it is just overwhelming. So I want to thank Mr. BISHOP , and I want to thank Mr. PASCRELL for the work that they are doing on a bipartisan basis to bring people together to work through this and to come up with solutions. Now, this is not the only thing that is going to be happening here. This is in the context of other pieces of legislation. This is in the context of looking at treatment reimbursement, of screening, and of education. But this inbound flow is something that this Congress can do something about. Just in a nutshell, bringing together the United States Postal Service, the CBP, and also the United States State Department to work together in a coordinated fashion is something that my district is really pleased about. So I am pleased to be here to advocate on its behalf, and I urge its passage. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS). Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. PASCRELL for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  two documents. One is an article from the Chicago Sun Times of today, ‘‘A 4– Block Radius on the West Side Is at the Heart of Chicago’s Opioid Epidemic,’’ and ‘‘The Opioid Crisis in Illinois’’ by the Illinois Department of Human Services. 
[From the Chicago Sun Times, June 14, 2018] A 4BLOCK RADIUS ON THE WESTSIDEISA T 
THEHEART OF CHICAGO ’SOPIOID EPIDEMIC  (By Tanveer Ali and Sam Charles) On July 15, 2016, Darwin Phillips was found dead by his mother in the basement of the home in West Humboldt Park where she and Phillips had lived since she bought it in 1979. He was 50 when he died of an overdose of heroin and two types of Fentanyl, heroin’s synthetic but deadlier cousin, an autopsy found. ‘‘A sweet guy’’ who worked odd jobs while grappling with mental illness and addiction and was the father of two, Phillips had overdosed five times before his fatal OD, according to his mother Jamie Roberts. ‘‘It’s a disease,’’ says Roberts. ‘‘It’s sad that people take advantage of drug addicts. It still bothers me a lot. We tried to get him help.’’ Phillips’ death was one of 745 in Cook County in 2016 linked to opioids, according to the Cook County medical examiner’s office. In Chicago, AfricanAmerican victims like Phillips accounted for 362 of those deaths—48 percent. That stands in contrast to what’s going on nationally. Across the United States, white people accounted for about 78 percent of all opioid deaths in 2016, research by the Kaiser Family Foundation found. ‘‘The epidemic in Chicago is not the national epidemic,’’ says Amanda Brooks, chief population health officer of the PCC Community Wellness Center, (http:// www.pccwellness.org) which focuses largely on the West Side. ‘‘The Chicago epidemic is affecting 45 to 65yearold men on the West Side.’’ In 2014, there were 212 opioidrelated deaths in Cook County, 129 of them in Chicago, according to the medical examiner’s office. By 2017, Cook County had 1,150 opioid deaths, 764 of those in Chicago. By comparison, Chicago saw 664 homicides in 2017 (https://chicago.suntimes.com/news/ chicagomurdershomicides2017steepdecline/). What’s changed to cause the rise in opioid deaths? The rise of Fentanyl, experts say. The powerful painkiller is legally available by prescription. But it also can easily be manufactured illegally and typically is mixed by dealers with other illicit, though less deadly, drugs like heroin—often without users knowing they’re taking Fentanyl. ‘‘Most of our patients are not intentionally taking Fentanyl,’’ Brooks says. About 5 percent of the opioid deaths in 2014 were Fentanylrelated, according to medical examiner data, and 67 percent were tied to heroin. By 2017, Fentanyl was a factor in 57 percent of opioid deaths in Cook County, while heroin played a role in 66 percent. A combination of the two played a role in 37 percent. While the number of opioid deaths has risen sharply countywide since 2014, the impact largely has been felt in areas with a lack of resources. In 2017, Chicago Fire Department crews were dispatched to 9,158 opioidrelated overdoses, records show—up 163 percent compared to 2014. The hardesthit parts of the city. West Side neighborhoods like Garfield Park, West Humboldt Park, Austin and North Lawndale. A fourblock radius roughly around Ridgeway and Augusta alone was responsible for 1,257 calls in 2016 and 2017—about 7.2 percent of all opioidrelated calls citywide during that period. That’s the area where Phillips died. His mother says drug dealers don’t set up in the immediate area around her home, as she and her neighbors have made it clear that they want to keep their sidewalks crimefree. When the weather turned warm, Roberts resumed what’s become a summer tradition for her selling snowcones for 25 cents to $1 outside her home. ‘‘This,’’ Roberts says, ‘‘is my corner.’’ 
[From the Illinois Department of Human Services] THEOPIOID CRISIS IN ILLINOIS : DATA AND THE  STATE ’SRESPONSE  
STATEWIDE DRUG OVERDOSE TRENDS  Nature of the Opioid Use Disorder Problem—The opioid crisis has manifested itself in the form of multiple public health problems. An analysis of the nature and extent of these problems provides evidence of the seriousness of the opioid crisis in Illinois, the widespread prevalence of these problems across our state, and the existence of populations and local areas with the most critical gaps in services. Opioid Overdose Deaths—Perhaps none of these problems has heightened the awareness of the general public to the same degree as the recent dramatic increase in opioid overdose deaths. Drug overdose deaths in this country nearly tripled from 1999 to 2014. Among the 47,055 drug overdose deaths that occurred in the U.S. in 2014, 28,647 (60.9 percent) involved an opioid. Like many states, Illinois has recently experienced a notable increase in drug overdose deaths that can primarily be attributed to an increase in opioid overdose deaths. Provisional death records data obtained from the Illinois Department of Public Health (IDPH) show 2,278 drugrelated overdose deaths during 2016. This represents a 44.3 percent increase over the 1,579, drugrelated overdose deaths that were reported by IDPH for 2013. This statewide increase in drugrelated overdose deaths is almost totally accounted for by an increase in opioidrelated overdose deaths. Of the 2,278 Illinois statewide drug overdose deaths during 2016, over 80 percent were opioidrelated fatalities. The 1,826 opioidrelated overdose deaths among Illinois residents that have been provisionally reported for 2016 represents an over 70 percent increase in the number of such deaths that were reported in 2013, and a 32.1 percent increase over the 1,382 opioidrelated overdose that were reported to IDPH for 2015. 
The maps below illustrate the number and population rates of opioid overdose deaths across Illinois’ 102 counties during 2016. The map based on the number of opioid overdose deaths during 2016 provides evidence that the opioid crisis continues to impact communities and individuals throughout Illinois. Cook County accounted for nearly 50 percent of the opioid overdose death in Illinois during 2016. The 911 opioid overdose deaths reported for Cook County in 2016 represented an 87.4 percent increase from the 486 such death that were reported for this county during 2013. Specific to the City of Chicago, the 581 opioid overdose deaths in 2016 represented a 93 percent increase from the 301 such deaths reported in 2013. As has been the case in previous years, the counties bordering on Cook and other counties with relatively high resident populations, particularly Madison, Peoria, St. Clair, and Winnebago counties, were major contributors to the statewide number of opioid overdose deaths in 2016. The state map based on county population rates of opioid overdose deaths provides further insight into the localityspecific and statewide severity of this problem in Illinois. This map shows that several Illinois counties have resident population rates of opioid overdose deaths that are not only equal to, but greater than, that of Cook County. In fact, there were 18 Illinois counties that had 2016 population rates of opioid overdose deaths that were greater than that of Cook County. Twelve (12) of the counties with the highest 2016 population rates of opioid overdose deaths are in IDHS Regions 4 and 5. These two service regions have the lowest levels of currentlyavailable opioid use disorder (OUD) medication assisted treatment (MAT) resources in the state. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, the purpose of the STOP Act is to address the influx of synthetic opioids arriving through international mail. Given the growing harm to our communities from substance abuse, I, too, want to thank and commend the Ways and Means Committee for its hard work on developing this legislation. Especially, I want to point out the efforts of Mr. PASCRELL and Mr. BISHOP . I am strongly committed to preventing the shipments of dangerous and illegal opioids into the United States. I support the intent of this bill to limit illegal trafficking of drugs, and I voted in support of this bill in the Ways and Means Committee. However, after the lastminute changes made to this bill in the Rules Committee, I, unfortunately, cannot support H.R. 5788. The Republican leadership insisted on lastminute changes to impose civil penalties on the Postal Service for any accepted shipment lacking advance electronic data without allowing enough time to fully vet the impact of the changes with critical stakeholders. I am concerned about the fairness of imposing civil penalties for individual shipments lacking electronic data when the Postal Service lacks direct control over whether foreign postal operators provide this data. I am concerned that having one executive branch entity impose penalties on another would set up an adversarial relationship in addressing illegal drug trafficking rather than a collaborative relationship. I am also concerned that penalties are imposed based on individual shipments rather than systematic violations. I appreciate the work of my Democratic colleagues to mitigate the negative effects of these civil penalties; however, due to the concerns of the U.S. Postal Service and the postal unions about the negative impact of these lastminute changes by Republican leadership, I cannot support this bill at this time. I am committed to stopping the shipment of dangerous drugs and to working to resolve these problems as this legislation continues to move forward. I urge that we continue to work to improve it and make it the very best that it can be without threatening in any way the viability of postal operations. b1245 Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. FASO). Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. BISHOP for yielding and for his leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5788, the amended Synthetics Trafficking and Overdose Prevention Act of 2018. Once signed into law, this legislation will help combat our Nation’s growing opioid crisis by preventing the easy importation of synthetic opioids through the United States Postal Service. Under current law, private shipping companies are required to provide Customs and Border Protection with advance electronic data for packages inbound to the United States. The inclusion of this data makes illegally shipped items easier to track and locate. This standard is not imposed on our own Postal Service, however, even though the U.S. Postal Service brought more than four times the number of packages into the U.S. than all private carriers like FedEx and UPS did in 2016, combined. This bill will bring the U.S. Postal Service up to industry standards by requiring advance electronic data for 100 percent of packages by 2020 and a strong goal of 70 percent by the end of this year. Also required is a 2019 study by the GAO assessing the progress made by the Postal Service. By requiring this data of foreign shippers, we can help to keep dangerous synthetic opioids like fentanyl and carfentanil off our streets. The abundance of fentanyl within our borders is leading to an increase in overdoses and overdoserelated deaths. A recent study from the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration indicated that fentanyl is now the most common fatal overdose drug in the United States. Of the roughly 42,000 opioid overdose deaths in 2016, about 20,000 of those were from fentanyl. Mr. Speaker, just how dangerous is fentanyl and carfentanil? I can relate to you a recent incident which occurred in our State of New York. Seizures of fentanyl in the New York area spiked by over 1,000 percent between 2016 and 2017. In 2016, in New York City, where JFK International Airport is a major transshipment point, 62 pounds of fentanyl were seized. In 2017, 1,162 pounds were seized. Earlier this year, in just one bust, officials seized nearly 100 pounds of fentanyl, which is said to be enough to kill the entire population of New York City and New Jersey, combined. This bill is a commonsense, bipartisan approach to fix the problem. I would very much like to thank Chairman BRADY , Chairman R EICHERT , Mr. BISHOP , Mr. P ASCRELL , and Senator PORTMAN for their important leadership on this issue, and I urge all my colleagues to support this vitally significant legislation. Mr. Speaker, we are passing numerous bills this week dealing with the opioid crisis. Perhaps none is as important as the STOP Act. I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ), the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, there aren’t many today who haven’t been touched by the opioid crisis in America. This swift and devastating epidemic has hit every community in America and robbed countless individuals of their hopes and ambitions. Addiction is devastating to witness and, in some cases, it only takes 5 days for someone’s son, daughter, or parent to become addicted. The sad truth is that, all too often, many become addicted after taking an opioid for a legitimate reason. This is an epidemic that has torn apart families and left in its path of destruction a generation of children without parents and parents faced with burying their kids. We have also seen more and more news stories of law enforcement agents having nearfatal encounters with just trace amounts of these synthetic opioids such as fentanyl. In one case, a small fleck almost killed a police officer in Ohio. This is a frightening reminder of how dangerous these substances truly are. The loss of so many Americans due to opioid addiction is unfathomable. In 2016 alone, more Americans died due to opioid overdoses than were lost over the entire Vietnam war. The scale of the crisis is immense. The loss of potential for so many is hard to comprehend, but House Republicans and Democrats are coming together in fighting with every tool in our arsenal to combat the opioid crisis. That is why today I rise in strong support of H.R. 5788, known as the STOP Act. This bipartisan bill addresses a serious problem that has helped fuel the opioid epidemic: cheap and illegal synthetic opioids shipped from 
foreign nations through the international mail. From our speakers today you have learned about the proven techniques to stop this drug smuggling. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the leaders who brought this solution to the floor. I thank Congressman BISHOP  of Michigan, the author of this bill, for his leadership; as well as Ranking Member PASCRELL of New Jersey; chairman of the Trade Subcommittee, DAVID REICHERT of Washington; Congressman JOHNFASOof New York; and Senator PORTMAN from Ohio for their diligent work to deliver a hardhitting solution to this very serious problem. I am confident that this bill, shaped by Republicans and Democrats working together, will make a difference in the opioid crisis and help protect many Americans. By passing this bill, we can take meaningful action to help stop the flow of the illegal smuggling of opioids into this Nation. I urge my colleagues to join in supporting this bill. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers on my side, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ). Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, we know the opioid epidemic has, unfortunately, been tearing apart communities all across our entire country. I want to share a story in particular that is similar to the heartbreak and heartache we have heard from others today. Keegan: Keegan Duffy was 30 years old when he died in January of last year after an accidental overdose. He had just received his master’s degree, had a promising career in computer science, was an avid outdoorsman, and volunteered a lot of his time to helping the poor. His addiction started like so many others. He was prescribed 120 pills after suffering chronic back pain. After that first pill, unfortunately, he was hooked. Despite almost a dozen attempts to break free of his addiction in rehabilitation, he could never really quite do it. Ultimately, he died of an overdose that came from fentanyl, a synthetic drug made in Asia, bought online, and smuggled into the United States. Keegan’s story was told to me personally by his mother. It was heartbreaking. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a very loving tribute to Keegan written by his mother and father, Dave and Jean Duffy. 
STATEMENT OF JEAN AND DAVEDUFFY , FATHER OF KEEGAN , JUNE14, 2018 Keegan was 30 years old when he passed away Jan 3, 2017 of an accidental overdose of opioids. At the time of his death, he was working as a successful computer professional, having just graduated from Arizona State William Carey School of Business with a Masters degree in Information Systems. He had a natural talent for music and loved playing guitar. He was an avid outdoorsman, golfer, boater, skier and fisherman. He was also known for his huge heart, helping the poor find resources, teaching people how to get back in school, and giving free haircuts to homeless and needy. Most of all he was a special son and brother to his parents and two beautiful sisters. He is missed by all of us every single day. Keegan became addicted to Oxycodone after receiving 120 pills from a doctor for back pain, while an undergrad. He said he was addicted after taking the very first pill. His addiction became chronic progressive, despite his nearly dozen attempts to get better in well known treatment facilities, including 6 month stays. Keegan often said, ‘‘I can figure everything else out in life, but I can’t figure out how to end my cravings.’’ Unfortunately, it’s not something one can just figure out, as we all know. I called the drug task force and the police to report several doctors, who were encouraging him to take massive amounts of this drug as well as other highly addictive drugs. For some of these doctors, this resulted in the loss of their license to practice. One of Keegan’s sisters, Bridget, is in her final year of Neuroscience in the U of Minnesota. She volunteers in homes for addicts and also has a part time job supporting research at the University, to find a vaccine to prevent opioid addiction. She plans to continue her studies in medical school. Thank you so much for remembering Keegan. Jean & Dave Duffy Mr. PAULSEN. Keegan’s story is why this legislation is so important and how it will save other lives. International mail is often a very easy route that we have seen used for smuggling or the importation of dangerous fentanyl here into the United States. While private carriers have to submit advance electronic data for any of their data about packages that come here into the United States, the Postal Service has been exempt. So we have a loophole. That loophole is being exploited by smugglers, giving traffickers an easy opportunity to have fentanyl come into America. The STOP Act closes that loophole. It is supported on a bipartisan basis. It will make it harder and much more difficult to smuggle in fentanyllaced drugs that not only murdered Keegan but, unfortunately, have inflicted pain through tragic deaths in other countless families across our country and so that we can save other American lives, Mr. Speaker. I thank Mr. BISHOP and Mr. P ASCRELL  for their leadership on this legislation. I look forward to seeing it passed later today, because we are finding solutions to the opioid epidemic. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HARRIS ). Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5788. Mr. Speaker, there are many facets of opioid abuse and overdoses. We are going to need many pieces of legislation to deal with all of them. This is a particularly important piece of legislation. It deals with the use of the U.S. mail service to import synthetic opioids. As an anesthesiologist, I have used synthetic opioids for over 30 years, especially the synthetic opioid fentanyl. After it was discovered, it was widely used in a very important drug, especially to treat our sickest patients; but now it is a killer drug, frequently used illegally, mixed with heroin. Because of its very specific pharmacologic action, it is highly lethal when misused. To add to that, Mr. Speaker, now there is a derivative called carfentanil that is 100 times more potent. Why is it so important that we secure our mail system? A grain of rice is 29 milligrams. That is the weight of a grain of rice. Fentanyl the size of a grain of rice will kill 29 people. That is how lethal it is. If it is carfentanil, it is 100 hundred times more potent. That grain of rice sized piece of carfentanil will kill 2,900 people. Obviously, the mail system can be used to transport these drugs. Because these are so highly lethal, in Maryland, half our overdose deaths now involve fentanyl or a derivative. Because these are so small, so concealable, so highly lethal, we have to secure all mechanisms by which these drugs can be transmitted to be used illegally. The mail system right now, because of loopholes that exist that we have heard about today, can be used to transport those drugs to kill our youth. They are imported from foreign countries, where, without any remorse, these drugs are shipped to the United States and result in overdose deaths here. Mr. Speaker, we have to pass H.R. 5788. We have to secure our mail system and take the scourge of these fentanyl, carfentanil, and other synthetic opioids off our streets where they are killing young Americans. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL). Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5788, the STOP Act, sponsored by my good friend MIKE BISHOP . This important piece of legislation would secure our mail system from fentanyl and other dangerous synthetic opioids that are flooding into the United States from foreign countries, namely China and Mexico. The opioid crisis kills more than 100 Americans each day and caused more than 45,000 deaths last year alone. In 2016, more Americans died from a drug overdose than we lost in Vietnam. A third of those deaths are attributable to fentanyl. Over the last few years, I have witnessed my kids losing their peers to this crisis, and it is terrifying. Yesterday, I spoke to the mother of Nate Gordon, a young man from my district, who lost his life due to a fentanyllaced overdose. Nate’s mother and the rest of his family are heartbroken. We have a responsibility to stem the tide of this crisis and prevent more families from suffering the tragic loss 
of one who is loved to opioid addiction. A vital component of this effort is plugging the holes in our mail system and stopping illicit substances from entering the United States. So far this year, Customs and Border Patrol, working with the U.S. Postal Service, has seized more than 790 pounds of fentanyl. That is enough fentanyl to kill 179 million people. To put that in perspective, that is more than half our population. My friend Mr. HARRIS talked about the size of a grain of rice. How about 1 gram, Mr. Speaker, a Sweet’n Low packet, something that we use every day? It is enough to kill 500 people. The STOP Act is a great companion to the bill I recently introduced with my friend TOMCOTTON that provides the U.S. Postal Service with more resources to screen international mail to stop these insane amounts of drugs coming into our country. I thank my friend from Michigan for his thoughtful work to implement this muchneeded policy change. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it. b1300 Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I plead with you and my brothers and sisters on the other side of the aisle. I think we are making a big step today in this piece of legislation. I know there are other pieces. I would recommend, Mr. Speaker, that we approach this deadly epidemic—and it is deadly—in the same way that we approached the epidemic at the end of the eighties and the early nineties, and that was the epidemic of the HIV virus. No one wanted to talk about it, Mr. Speaker, so people died when they could have been saved if we had had knowledge of prevention, if we had had knowledge of how we take care of those folks. It took us until the beginning of the nineties, until we opened up local clinics, until people felt less involved in a stigma. Then they had to come out from the shadows to protect the rest of the population, including themselves. Then we came together, and the Federal Government passed the Ryan White legislation, which has been a big help on the HIV virus. Then we came together. Unfortunately, maladies bring Americans together. Well, that is good that we do come together, though. I ask and plead that we have the same vigor in approaching opiates and approaching fentanyl, which is coming in from other countries. If we do that, we will not only survive; we will help those—and we will prevent many from falling into the trap. You have heard some people talk about that trap today, starting with painkillers and moving on to even more dangerous drugs. We are going to get through this. We are going to get through this. Yesterday we passed by voice vote legislation to change the protocol on how we approach the patients, not only in the emergency rooms of America, but in many departments and hospitals across the United States. We need to find alternatives to the very opiates that are making fools of us. Those alternatives shall be part of the solution, part of the solution to getting to the promised land, as the gentleman says. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. BISHOP . I want to thank Mr. B RADY . I want to thank my good friend from Massachusetts, RICHIE NEAL, and all of those who worked on this legislation: DAVID REICHERT and many more. I congratulate our persistence in getting through a lot of hurdles. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I would like to begin by thanking Mr. PASCRELL . I would like to thank the staff as well for all of their hard work in this process. This is an epidemic. This is an issue that is not a Republican issue. This is not a Democrat issue. This is our issue. It is happening every day. Mr. Speaker, 115 Americans are dying each and every day due to opioid overdose. We are talking about mothers, fathers, children—too many children in our communities. We know the current system is failing Americans. We are allowing these foreign criminals and drug dealers to exploit a very obvious loophole in the law. That is why this bill is so important. That is why it is important for Members of Congress to come together and get something done. This bill sets hard deadlines that will require all packages coming into our country to have this actionable data that will enable the U.S. Customs and Border Protection to interdict and seize shipments of these dangerous packages and keep them off the streets, the American streets. In closing, I just would like to say to all those here today: I know that we all have a story. I want to reiterate that we all have a story, and we have now a moral obligation to close this obvious loophole. I call upon my colleagues to support this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ). All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 934, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. f 
TRANSITIONAL HOUSING FOR RECOVERY IN VIABLE ENVIRONMENTS DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM ACT 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and submit extraneous materials on the bill, H.R. 5735. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FASO). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 934 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 5735. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. SIMPSON ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1309 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5735) to amend the United States Housing Act of 1937 to establish a demonstration program to set aside section 8 housing vouchers for supportive and transitional housing for individuals recovering from opioid use disorders or other substance use disorders, and for other purposes, with Mr. SIMPSON in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I received a letter not long ago from a constituent, Jim, from Dallas County. The first three words were: I need help. In the letter, he talks about his grandson, Joshua, who is a good kid. Jim became his guardian at age 6, but Joshua took a bad turn at age 16. It was at age 16 he started using opioids. His life has never been the same. Jim writes that at first his grandson started out with pills and then, later, street drugs and ended up on heroin. No surprise here, Mr. Chairman: His usage escalated, and he ended up dropping out of school in the last semester of high school. Along the way, he found a menial job here, a menial job there, but he 
couldn’t hold one down because of the drug usage. Jim tried to help him every way he could. He said that in the summer of 2014 his opioid usage brought him almost to death. I won’t say the story has a happy ending, but at least he is now trying to turn his life around. He is off of opioids, and he is on other medications: methadone, Xanax. He has actually gone back and gotten his high school diploma. He has learned how to operate a forklift, but because of the damage that has been done, he can’t hold down a job. His drug costs are expensive. He still needs help. Mr. Chair, you know what is unusual about this story? Regrettably, nothing. Nothing is unusual about this story. Again, although it doesn’t have a happy ending—and we don’t know how this story is going to end—at least it doesn’t have a tragic end, because far too many stories like it end in the tragedy of death. And my guess is, Mr. Chair, that every single Member of this body could read a similar letter as I read from Jim from Dallas. I have been in this House now for eight terms. Rarely—rarely—does a week go by that somebody doesn’t use the term ‘‘crisis.’’ And most of the time I don’t give it much thought. But Mr. Chair, when somebody says there is a crisis of opioid use in America, I could not agree more. How negligent this body would be if we didn’t declare war on this crisis and do what is right and what is smart to address this crisis. So today, out of the House Financial Services Committee, I am bringing up a bill by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), a member of our leadership team. I want to thank him for his leadership, because I know how heartfelt the pain he knows from his district is. What the gentleman from Kentucky is bringing before us is that we have seen evidence that transitional housing can be a proven method to really help thousands and thousands of Americans like Joshua that I describe, to help them maintain their sobriety after completing rehab and as they are gaining skills and training and trying to get back into being independent, productive members of society. So the gentleman from Kentucky says: It is time for a demonstration project, because we have some evidence. We have evidence already. And out of the 2.2 million Section 8 housing vouchers, the government’s largest meanstested housing assistance program, let’s take less than 1 percent of them—in fact, 0.5 percent of them—and on a temporary basis let’s allocate some of these Section 8 housing vouchers to people who are literally dying of opioid addiction every day and need transitional housing options in a recovery evidencebased program. b1315 I really think, Mr. Chairman, it is the least we can do today. I am sorry that this is not on the House’s suspension calendar. Demonstration programs are done every single day in the government. Again, I would hope that this is something that we could join overwhelmingly on both sides of the aisle to do. Apparently, that is not the case, but I don’t think this House will be deterred. I do not think this House will be deterred. I think, very soon, people like Joshua who are getting their life turned around can at least have transitional housing options to support their recovery. When they do, we will thank the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR). Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, as I sat here and I listened to Congressman HENSARLING , the chair of the Financial Services Committee, where I serve as ranking member, I thought to myself he was absolutely correct on many of the issues that he surfaced when he held the letter up in the air and he said that there are many Members of Congress who could tell similar stories or maybe have gotten similar letters. He is absolutely correct. Even more than that, there are many of us who have watched the devastation of communities that we represent because of drug addiction over the years for a long time. Unfortunately, many of these stories ended in tragedy, and I am pleased that we are focusing time and attention on opioid addiction and abuse. I am so absolutely thrilled that we are paying attention, and we are recognizing that this is literally a disease and that we can help people, that we can do rehabilitation, that we can provide resources to keep people from dying and being imprisoned and treated in ways that will not help deal with the problem in any real ways. I am pleased about all of that, and I think the intentions of many of our Members are very good, that they really want to do something because many of them are seeing this for the first time. But let me tell you how many years I have been seeing this. Let me tell you about how many deaths I know about. Let me tell you about the imprisonment of those who were both addicted and dealing drugs. Let me tell you about those who have died not only from heroin, that you are seeing now, but crack cocaine and other kinds of drugs and the mixtures that we don’t even know about that have caused so many deaths, so much devastation. So I want to do everything that I can to share my knowledge with you, to share my experiences with you, to help in every way that I possibly can move to credible, reasonable, sensible, rehabilitation and support and assistance for those who are addicted. We are trying, as I can see in many of the bills that are being produced, to do what we think is best, but much of it needs more consideration. It needs better understanding. Today, we hear talking about a piece of legislation that I think the author of the legislation is absolutely sincere in what he would like to do. He is seeing drug addicted persons who have abused not only prescription drugs but all the way to heroin on the streets without jobs, laying in the alleys without support, without housing, no place to go, and that is what he is attempting to do. He is attempting to do everything that he possibly can to get them safe and secure places to live with the other resources that must go along with it, supportive resources in order to help them become the persons that they can be. But you cannot do this on the cheap. You cannot do this without understanding that rehabilitation costs money. So, while I absolutely applaud the attempt, I want to share with you that taking 10,000 vouchers from those who have been waiting in line for years—I am talking about singlefamily parents with their children who simply are praying and hoping that they can get a voucher so that they can get a decent place to live. I am not talking about drug addicted people, necessarily. I am talking about people, some of whom work every day on minimum wages who cannot afford the first and last month’s rent to get into a place. I am talking about those who, even if they could find a place, they would be paying more than 30 percent of their income to have a safe and decent place. I am talking about those who have been living in rental units that really need more than just rehabilitation. They are dangerous places that people are living. They are places that still are not protected from wind and rain and all of those things that people should not have to experience trying to live in a decent place to live. I am talking about people who are living in apartments that the ceilings are falling in who are looking for a decent place. I am talking about people who call every day to check to see if in fact they are going to be the next person who is going to be allowed a voucher. I am talking about people who have been waiting 2 and 3 years and on and on and on. So I support the idea that the new population of opioid abusers can have a decent place to live and resources, but let’s not deny the people who have been standing in line, who have been praying, who have been hoping for a decent place. Let’s not take 10,000 vouchers in a socalled demonstration project. Really, we don’t need a demonstration project. I can tell you, many folks in this House can tell you what they know and what they have experienced so that we can put together good, credible, sensible legislation. But it will cost some money. It is not about taking from one and giving to the other. The old people call 
that robbing Peter to pay Paul. We don’t want to do that. We don’t want to say to Ms. Jones with 3 kids out there waiting in line for 4 years, 3 years, 2 years, what have you: Sorry, we have a new population that we are going to serve. No, we are not going to vote for more money, for more resources. We are going to take from your opportunity. Sorry you have been standing in line all this long. So, Mr. Chairman, I want to be helpful to all of the folks who need our help. I understand the shock that many are going through who are experiencing this for the first time, but I want you to know about the many nights that I have gone to bed when I have heard about another death of someone who is addicted, who has not had a place to live, who has been on somebody’s doorstep, who has been in an alley. I want you to know what I know and what I understand about that mother who has begged me to help find a bed in a unit, a rehabilitative unit that could be used. So this is not the way to do it, and this is not about creating new nonprofits with no experience, no background, to be able to implement this program. This is about understanding all the people who have struggled with these nonprofits, who begged for money, who begged for resources to deal with the populations who are basically dying from this addiction. So whether it is about the fact that there is not enough money here, or we should not be developing new nonprofits to do this because we have experience with our public housing entities that know how to do this, this is about us saying: Yes, we have a problem, and we are going to spend the money. We are going to put the time in on it to develop the good, credible legislation. We are going to be serious about it. We don’t want to just look like we are trying to do something. We are going to be positive. We are going to be committed. We are going to do what it takes in order to help these people who are waiting and looking for just another chance in life. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), the chairman of the Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee of the Financial Services Committee and author of the Transitional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments Demonstration Program Act, or THRIVE Act. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my legislation, H.R. 5735, the Transitional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments Act, or the THRIVE Act. I thank Chairman HENSARLING , Chairman DUFFY , and my colleagues on the House Financial Services Committee for their support and feedback on this legislation. I want to thank Chairman HENSARLING for sharing that very compelling story about his constituent, Joshua. Unfortunately, so many of us have constituents with similar stories, and that is what we are trying to address here today. We all know the opioid epidemic is a major health crisis that has impacted every community in every congressional district; 116 Americans die every day from opioid overdoses. My home State of Kentucky has the third highest overdose mortality rate in the country. This week, the House is considering several pieces of legislation to address this epidemic, and in order to achieve meaningful progress in the fight against opioids in our Nation, Congress can no longer simply focus on prevention, enforcement, and treatment. We must also begin to implement policies that focus on longterm recovery. Our Federal housing programs are an underutilized resource in these efforts. The THRIVE Act would make supportive housing more accessible to those most in need by allocating a limited number of Section 8 housing choice vouchers to nonprofits—nonprofits that have experience in housing. Not new nonprofits—nonprofits with a record of providing housing services, workforce development, job placement, financial literacy, and continued addiction recovery support for individuals who are transitioning out of rehab or a period of medicationassisted treatment and back into the workforce. This legislation would only allocate either 10,000 or 0.5 percent of total housing choice vouchers, whichever is less, to evidencebased nonprofits serving people who are literally dying each and every day of opioid addiction and other substance abuse disorders. And the demonstration is limited to 5 years. No one would have a voucher taken away from them, despite what my friend, the gentlewoman from California, is saying. No one would have a voucher taken away from them to create this demonstration program. An estimated 198,000 Section 8 vouchers are turned over every year and returned to HUD, and it is from this amount that the demonstration would set aside only 10,000 to address a deadly national public health crisis. Additionally, we made a commitment to working with our Democratic colleagues, including Congresswoman SINEMA , who has signed a joint letter with me to request additional funding from the Appropriations Committee to support this demonstration, because we understand the urgent need for greater Federal investment to save lives. So the ranking member’s argument really doesn’t apply. The THRIVE Act has received endorsements from over 140 housing and recovery organizations across the country, including Addiction Policy Forum, the American Academy of Addiction Psychiatry, National Association of Social Workers, Faces & Voices of Recovery, the Association for Addiction Professionals, and more than 100 others that are on the front lines of addiction recovery. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. YODER ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, HUD Secretary Ben Carson visited several of these transitional nonprofits in my district in Kentucky earlier this year, and he witnessed firsthand the success of these evidencebased models of recovery. I would like to especially recognize St. James Place, Revive LifeHouse, the Hope Center, Shepherd’s House, and Chrysalis House, among others, for their critical work in the Sixth District of Kentucky that inspired this legislation. Mr. Chairman, the THRIVE Act would save American lives, as well as taxpayer funds in the long run, by helping more individuals rise above addiction and poverty. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I think we should have a little clarity in what is being presented by my colleague about whether or not vouchers will be taken away from anybody. The fact of the matter is nobody thinks that vouchers will be taken away from anybody. They will never get the voucher. b1330 They are standing in line waiting for years to get Section 8 vouchers to be able to have a decent place to live. That means that you take 10,000 vouchers away from the people, and the families, and the children, who have been waiting in line all of this time and you give it to a new population of people. That is what this is all about. That cannot be denied, and that is a fact. I am sure that my colleague who is proposing this legislation will agree with me, the fact of the matter is, that person who has been waiting for so long will have to continue to wait, because the voucher that he or she could have gotten is going to go to someone else. Let me just talk a little bit about Mr. BARR’s letter that he sent to the appropriators. First of all, I want to thank him for offering to send the letter. And I want to thank him for coming to me and asking me if I would sign on to the letter. What Mr. BARR is doing is—if I may correctly describe this—is having second thoughts about the fact that you need some money, you need some resources in this program. So the gentleman from Kentucky’s letter to the appropriators is basically meaningless, because his own bill directly contradicts it. And I pointed this out to him as we had this discussion. The plain text of H.R. 5735 states, ‘‘No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this act 
and the amendments made by this act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated.’’ Mr. Chairman, you can’t have it both ways. You can’t support language that specifically prohibits appropriators from funding your demonstration and then turn around and ask the appropriators to provide funding. This just doesn’t make good sense. That is why I had to say that I could not sign on with him on that letter, knowing what the language was in the legislation. So, if the gentleman from Kentucky wants funding for this demonstration, he needs to be consistent in his advocacy for that funding, and that includes petitioning his own leadership for a waiver of their rules preventing bills that cost money from being considered. I would be happy to join the gentleman from Kentucky in requesting funding for additional vouchers to support people with substance use disorders. But I cannot support this unworkable demonstration. And I cannot lend credibility to his efforts to distract us from the fact that his bill would take vouchers away from families in need, who have been standing in line begging, waiting, and praying for a decent, safe and secure place for them and their families to live. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I am very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ), the chairman of the Housing and Insurance Subcommittee. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman of the full committee for his support of this fantastic bill that has been offered by Mr. BARR. This is pretty simple stuff. There are 2.2 million vouchers. 2.2 million vouchers. And we are talking about a demonstration project of 10,000: 2.2 million total; 10,000 in a demonstration project. We are talking about a small sliver of vouchers that can go to help people who are addicted to opioids, or even other drugs to, say, use the vouchers to move people into transitional housing that are nonprofit. People are making money off this. It is community transitional housing. Help them maintain sobriety. Teach them valuable jobtraining skills. Help them get employment. This is just simple common sense. And for people to say, I can’t support it because I am taking vouchers away from others, that is bogus. There is 7 to 9 percent turnover in the voucher program of the 2.2 million, and we are talking about a small sliver to help people. This shouldn’t be partisan. This is common sense. So I would ask—and I know that Mr. BARR has worked with the ranking member, and she has been wonderful to work with on a lot of issues and I appreciate her bipartisanship. This is one that I would ask her to take a second look at, Mr. Chairman. If she did, I think she would say it is a small number. If it works, we can expand it, we can grow it, and we can help more people get off of devastating drugs. I just want to make one side comment on these drugs. In my communities, it is not just individuals, it is crushing families. We have little kids who are being taken out of homes in outofhome placement, crushing the budgets of our counties. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. DUFFY. Let’s get this done. If we are going to address this crisis, it is the kind of thought process that Mr. BARRhas put into this bill of creative thinking, using resources that we have available to us, to help people who are getting crushed by these devastating drugs. I know the ranking member cares about those people deeply. And I know she has fought for those folks who have been inflicted with drug abuse. I just would ask her, in this one, to join us and say: Let’s do a small demonstration project, just 10,000. Let’s work together. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, yes, Mr. DUFFY is absolutely correct, I care about this issue very deeply, and I want to do the right thing. I want him to know that while he was talking about the 2.8 million vouchers, does he know that there are 5 million people who are in need of these vouchers? You cannot make the argument that there is more than enough to go around with all of these people standing in line. When they opened up the waiting list recently, just in Los Angeles alone, 600,000 people attempted to get access to these vouchers. This is about whether or not you are willing to put your money where your mouth is. Either you are willing to pay for your demonstration project, or you want to take away the opportunities of those who have been standing in line, and we are talking about families with children. You don’t tell me what is going to happen to them because you won’t increase the number of vouchers, and you don’t want to put any money into it, so you have to show how you care. It is one thing for us to get up on this floor and talk and debate and explain what we would like to see happen, but it is another thing when we say that we are willing to put the resources that are needed to deal with the problem. I will just say that of the 2.8 million people waiting, 5 million people are in need, and the average waiting time is almost 2 years. So what are you going to do? You don’t need a demonstration. We have enough information, we have enough research, and we have enough stories about what has happened for so many years and how so many people have died because they have not had resources available to them to deal with the problem. And, again, I am willing to spend as many hours as it takes to help you know and understand the history of this problem. It didn’t just start with opioid abuse. It didn’t just start with communities who never experienced this before. This has been going on for years and years and years. I join with Members in wanting to do something about it. But I say to Mr. BARR, it is going to cost some money, and we should not rob Peter to pay Paul. We should not take from those in need. We should not tell the people standing in line, Too bad, stand in line a little bit longer because we have a new episode that we have to deal with. Let’s take care of everybody who wants to change their lives, everybody who wants to put behind them this addiction, everybody who is begging for just a second chance. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ), chairman of the Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment Subcommittee. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding. I congratulate my friend and colleague from Kentucky (Mr. BARR) for tackling this difficult and very important issue. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this muchneeded legislation that would expand housing options for individuals who are transitioning out of addiction treatment and require continued support. These are typically people who have exhausted all of their resources already. Why? Because they are addicted. That is why they are in this, that is why they qualify for these housing assistance vouchers, and this is right on target for helping them. The THRIVE Act is an important piece of legislation with strong, bipartisan support that came out of our committee that would create a pilot program to allocate Section 8 housing choice vouchers to transitional housing nonprofits with evidencebased models of recovery and life skills training. It is important to note that this is 10,000 total vouchers out of the 2.2 million that are available, or onehalf of 1 percent of all of those vouchers, whichever is less, so we are talking about a small portion of all of the total vouchers that are available. But here is what we do know, Mr. Chairman. Our country, our States, and our communities are in crisis right now. Over the last decade, there has been this dramatic rise in opioid abuse, whether it is the nonmedical use of prescription drugs, as well as illicitly manufactured heroin. We need engagement at every level. In light of this medical emergency, there is an extremely pressing need for additional transitional housing for 
opioid recovery. These housing programs must follow a proven evidence based approach that has helped thousands of Americans to maintain sobriety after completing rehab, gain valuable job skills, and eventually transition back into society to lead independent lives. Time and time again, individuals who have just completed inpatient rehab programs are forced to live in housing situations where they are surrounded by people who are using the same illegal substances that sent them into rehab. We have to change that. While the evidence suggests that effective treatment and recovery plans should cover a span of 3 to 5 years for an individual, based on their needs and severity, we have a long way to go to properly prioritize and fund the recovery support programs and resources that individuals need in their communities. Twentythree million Americans are in recovery today—let me repeat that—23 million people are in recovery today for substance abuse. A sober, safe, and healthy living environment that promotes recovery from substance abuse is essential in providing recovery support. These are people who qualify, as I said before, for these Section 8 vouchers. Because they have exhausted their resources, let’s throw them a lifeline. Let’s throw them some help. Let’s allow them to have an opportunity to go and succeed. That is why I support the THRIVE Act, which also has the support of the Michigan Heroin and Opiate Prevention and Education program, which is known as MiHOPE, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, I am so pleased that Members on the opposite side of the aisle are just being introduced to this crisis. I am so pleased that they are just learning about addiction. I am so pleased that they are willing to talk about it. But I am not so pleased that they are not willing to spend any resources on it. I don’t know if they understand that the average cost of a voucher annually is $9,500. Why can’t they support that amount of money to deal with credible, decent housing for the very individuals that they say they are trying to give some support to. I don’t know how much they know about addiction. And I don’t know how much they know about the history of the war on drugs. Have any of them ever visited a drug rehabilitation project? Let me commend them to one that they need to know about. It is right here in Washington, D.C. It is known as N Street Village. Please go. I want them to learn about what they do, or what the costs are, and how they struggle for more and more resources to help more and more people. They cannot legislate. They cannot come up with programs without having an understanding of, and an appreciation of, what has happened in this country and the many people who have died, and the families who have suffered. It didn’t just start now. The gentleman who just spoke talked about it is now a crisis. No, it has been a crisis for a long time. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. b1345 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ), vice chairman of our Capital Markets, Securities, and Investments Subcommittee. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman HENSARLING for his leadership and for moving this important legislation forward. Mr. Chair, the United States has an opioid epidemic, one that is claiming more than 115 lives every single day. The faces and the stories of the opioid crisis and those family members, friends, students, and loved ones who have been affected by it demand some solutions from us. Over 4 years ago, in March 2014, I launched our community action plan on opioids in the 14th Congressional District of Illinois. Since then, I have worked with community leaders in my district to update our action plan with local, State, and Federal policy recommendations. One of our key objectives is increasing access to sober living facilities for individuals who have undergone inpatient treatment and need support as they navigate their recovery. An immediate step we can take is to allow individuals in recovery to have access to Federal housing programs, especially transitional housing. Transitional housing is an important, evidencebased piece of recovery that empowers these men and women to maintain sobriety, acquire job training and employment, and find a community. I have met individuals whose lives have been changed by transitional housing. Chris Reed from McHenry, Illinois, has been sober since 2009. He was a founding member of New Directions Addiction Recovery Services, which opened a sober living house for men in Crystal Lake, Illinois, in October of 2016. The organization opened a home for women in December 2017 and a third home in McHenry County this year. According to Chris, he said: ‘‘Sober living and recovery housing provides structure, support, and accountability that greatly increases the chances a person with a substance use disorder (SUD) will achieve longterm sobriety. By providing housing stability along with appropriate resources—such as job placement, peer recovery support, social activities, and services to others— people with SUD begin to disconnect from drugs and alcohol and reconnect with a supportive community.’’ I am proud to support the THRIVE Act, which will expand access to these lifechanging transitional recovery homes through existing Federal housing programs. This is something Congress can do right now to prevent opioid overdoses. Let’s make a statement about the importance of support in recovery and offer resources to individuals for whom a transitional home could be lifesaving. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ), the ranking member of the Small Business Committee and a senior member of the Financial Services Committee. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Chair, I would like to take this opportunity to thank the ranking member for her leadership on this issue. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 5735, the THRIVE Act. H.R. 5735 has a worthy goal. Helping individuals struggling with addiction to access treatment and recovery services is certainly important, but despite these intentions, H.R. 5735 has significant flaws which, in the end, make the bill unworkable. My primary concern is that H.R. 5735 carves out 10,000 existing Section 8 vouchers for use in this pilot program without authorizing new funding for any additional vouchers. This essentially decreases the number of Section 8 vouchers in circulation and increases wait times for millions of other households already seeking a voucher. Those forced to wait will include lowincome families, seniors, people with disabilities, veterans, and those experiencing homelessness. You cannot just change words in the law. You need to open your checking account or your checkbook. Currently, only one in four households who are eligible for Federal affordable housing assistance receive it. In New York City, we have more than 150,000 people waiting for a voucher. While I fully support helping all people with substance abuse disorders and recognize the important role affordable housing plays in an individual’s recovery process, providing affordable housing for individuals with substance use disorders should not come at the expense of others in need. HUD’s Affordable Housing and Section 8 programs are woefully underfunded. Instead of providing Section 8 vouchers to just those with substance use disorders, we should be providing significantly more resources and expanding the Section 8 program to help all those in need. Additionally, this bill places arbitrary time limits on the individuals participating in the demonstration program. This is counterproductive and out of step with other existing supportive housing programs. Finally, while H.R. 5735 seeks to help individuals suffering from substance use disorders, it does nothing to address the fact that many people with these disorders lose their housing because of the harsh eviction policies in Federal housing assistance programs. 
I support the ranking member in her continued effort to ensure those individuals with substance use disorders face fairer eviction procedures and ban one strike policies that cause tenants to lose their assistance for a single incident of drug use. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Chair, again, H.R. 5735 has a worthy goal. However, this bill is plagued with a number of problems, and I urge my colleagues to oppose it unless you provide the resources to make this legislation work. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ), a valued member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Chairman, when we talk about the opiate crisis, we talk often of its victims, but there is an important group that we are leaving out: survivors. Individuals who complete inpatient rehabilitation and other treatment programs have been forgotten and left behind without a way to begin a new life. In particular, finding a suitable place to call home can be especially challenging. Research has proven the connection between substance use and homelessness. It is time that Congress take a closer look. Today, nearly 110,000 Americans are homeless, with approximately half suffering chronic addictions to drugs, alcohol, or both. Approximately 70 percent of homeless veterans are estimated to suffer from substance use disorder. We continue to focus on treatment and prevention, but unless we simultaneously look toward assisting those who need support after treatment, this terrible crisis will continue. That is why I rise today in support of H.R. 5735 introduced by my colleague, ANDY BARR, whose home State of Kentucky is no stranger to the opiate crisis. Called the THRIVE Act, or the Transitional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments Demonstration Program Act, this program will kick off a 5year demonstration program to support transitional housing. Specifically, 10,000 Section 8 housing vouchers will be set aside specifically for people with an opiate use disorder. Transitional housing takes a wraparound approach by providing its residents with a stable, supportive environment to address their addiction, mental health, and/or homelessness. Required participation in recovery classes, life skills education classes, mandatory savings plans, and fulltime or parttime employment work together to support residents as they continue to improve their lives. Homelessness and addiction create a vicious cycle, and these Americans need help to break it. With this bill, Congress can step in and provide some assistance for their next step of recovery. Mr. Chair, I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 5735. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, it is interesting that my colleagues on the opposite side of the aisle can come into this Chamber and talk about homelessness and talk about rehabilitation and talk about the need for housing. I am the ranking member on the Financial Services Committee with every wish and every hope to be able to have this committee take up a bill on homelessness. I have not been able to get that done. We have taken up over 100 bills on the Financial Services Committee, but not once have we dealt with the issue of homelessness. The gentleman from Minnesota who talked about homelessness and the fact that veterans are homeless is absolutely correct, but what are you going to do about it? Are you going to come to the floor to try and convince the Members of this House that somehow a demonstration project where you take 10,000 vouchers from the existing vouchers that people are standing in line for is going to make a dent in this problem? I don’t think so. This problem has been around for a long time, and I really do want the Members on the opposite side of the aisle to understand what has not been done to help those people who have needed a lot of assistance and a lot of help. I can recall, God bless her soul, when Nancy Reagan said to drug abusers, ‘‘Just Say No.’’ This is another piece of legislation that falls in that category: 10,000 vouchers in a demonstration project. You have been hearing how huge this problem is. We don’t need a demonstration project for a few people taking 10,000 vouchers from those who have been standing in line. We need to appropriate the dollars that are necessary, number one, to help fund those organizations that have been working on this problem for years that need more money, that need more beds, that need more resources. We need more money not only to deal with the housing issue that is attempting to be addressed in this demonstration project, but whether it is helping to equip police departments with the necessary equipment to save lives of the people on the street who are overdosed that they encounter in their daily work. Some communities have that, a few communities have that, but every community experiencing this problem needs to have that. In addition to that, we need more beds for rehabilitation. You can’t get to supportive housing until you deal with the addiction so that when people are ready to go into transitional housing, they get the support that goes along with that. That is not just a bed and a roof, but it is the social services that go along with it. It will cost money, and unless you are willing to put up the dollars, unless you are willing to work with our appropriators to do what is necessary to honestly and forcefully deal with this issue, we are just talking about it. We are just pontificating. We are just saying things that we don’t even understand. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUDD), a very hardworking member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Chairman, I want to first thank my friend from Kentucky for his leadership on this bill. The THRIVE Act is an important piece of legislation, and I am proud to cosponsor it. The National Institute on Drug Abuse has found that we lose about 115 Americans each and every day to the opioid crisis. These are our brothers, our sisters, our friends, and our coworkers. This is a national crisis, and inaction just won’t change a single thing. I have met with a number of people back home who told me that we need to think about more than just the prevention and the treatment stage of the opioid crisis, and they are exactly right. When you hear people tell me this, it reminds me of a conversation I had recently with David Kessler, who lives in my district and started an organization called GRIP It based in Mocksville. Group classes, oneonone coaching, and assistance with detox programs are just three of the things that this group offers. David has found evidence of a ‘‘cultural method’’ that works, and it goes to show us that there are many different things that we could be trying. b1400 This brings me to the bill that we are voting on today, the THRIVE Act, which is part and parcel of this approach. It would expand housing options for individuals who are transitioning out of addiction treatments and require continued support. This is exactly the kind of policy that we need to be considering. Housing is part of a foundation that helps former addicts get off the streets and into a place that they can rise above poverty and addiction. Mr. Chairman, I want to make a larger point on this issue before I close. There has always been and still is a stigma around drug addiction. But if we want to make real progress on battling this epidemic, we need to change the way we look at those who are suffering. Rather than seeing them as liabilities, we need to see them as assets. The THRIVE Act, by helping people transition from recovery to a home, 
will do just that. And when they have a home, they will be more likely to get a job and get back to being a contributing member of society. Bold ideas are needed in the public space, and there is no doubt that Mr. BARR’s bill falls into this category. I think Ronald Reagan said it best when he said: ‘‘That what is right will always eventually triumph. And there’s purpose and worth to each and every life.’’ Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. While I have this opportunity, I will refer to my bill on homelessness again. My bill is a bill that will end homelessness. It costs $13 billion, and I would dare say that we could have funded this effort when we were thinking about the tax cuts. Some of those tax cuts benefit the richest people in this country. While we were reducing the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent, we could have easily spent $13 billion to deal with ending homelessness. That tax cut was worth $1.8 trillion. $13 billion from that $1.8 trillion, what would that have done for homelessness in America? We could have been on the road to ending homelessness. So the bill number is H.R. 2076. I am hopeful that the Members of the House and the Members of the Senate will take a look at this legislation so that they know that we have something that has been given a lot of attention, that has a lot of research, that understands what it takes to get rid of homelessness. So my bill, H.R. 2076, is a bill that I would ask my colleagues to immediately support. Mr. Chairman, we have many Members of this Congress who want to do something about providing housing opportunities for those who are the victims of opioid abuse and drugs. I join with them, and I, too, am very concerned, and I know that we can do something substantive about this issue of providing housing opportunities. But again, I will say over and over again, it should not be done in such a way that we have a little demonstration project that will take away 10,000 vouchers from the neediest of people who have been standing in line, in order to say or think or have anyone believe that we are doing something about this crisis in America. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. TENNEY ), another hardworking member of the House Financial Services Committee. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise to state my strong support of the Transitional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments Act, or the THRIVE Act. In my district and across the Nation, the opioid epidemic has ravaged communities, torn apart families, and destroyed the lives of everyday Americans. Opioid abuse and drugrelated deaths are rising at alarming rates. In my rural New York district, drugrelated deaths rose over 350 percent in the short period between 2012 and 2016. Each day, I continue to hear from families across the 22nd District affected by this epidemic. They share their stories of loss and triumph and always urge me that more needs to be done. It is very difficult to find anyone in our communities who hasn’t been affected by addiction, with either a family member or a friend. This week, we are delivering on the promises we have made to those struggling with the pain of addiction. During a recent opioid roundtable that I hosted in Binghamton, New York, a young woman named Jessica shared her story of opioid addiction and recovery. Jessica’s story is a story of loss, recovery, resilience, and survival. At the end, Jessica stressed the importance of posttreatment programs to help those who are addicted to remain in recovery programs and to avoid potential relapses. The THRIVE Act begins the process of delivering on this important element of addiction recovery by expanding transitional housing options to those most in need. Furthermore, the THRIVE Act focuses on evidencebased programs, ensuring that those in recovery are given access to proven, highquality transitional housing options. I thank my colleague, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), for his hard work in crafting this legislation to provide a better future for those suffering from addiction. Mr. Chairman, H.R. 5735 fills a critical void and will empower countless individuals in my district to break free from the grips of drug addiction. I thank the chairman for providing me an opportunity to speak in support of this important legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Georgia (Mrs. HANDEL ), a member of the Judiciary Committee and the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mrs. HANDEL. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the THRIVE Act. In the Sixth District, my district, Fulton and Cobb Counties have the highest opioid and heroin overdose rates of all counties in the entire State of Georgia. For those struggling with addiction who make that hard commitment to recovery, aftercare and stability are critical to their ability to remain drug free. Too often they return to the very same environments that helped foster their addiction, increasing the risk of relapse. Worse, many find themselves homeless, with no resources and no job. The THRIVE Act would create a 5 year pilot program that expands housing options for individuals transitioning out of treatment programs but still needing help. The program sets aside a small percentage of Section 8 housing choice vouchers for supportive and transitional housing nonprofits. Earlier this year, former Kentucky Governor Ernie Fletcher attended an opioid summit in my district. He shared with us the incredible outcomes from the Recovery Kentucky initiative launched during his administration. This legislation draws on the program and its success. I commend Governor Fletcher and, in particular, my colleague from Kentucky, ANDYBARR, for their leadership on this legislation. This bill will give recovering addicts the added help they need to rise above their addictions and fulfill their real potential in life. I encourage my colleagues to support the THRIVE Act. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire of Mr. HENSARLING how many more speakers he has. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I anticipate no more speakers. I am prepared to close. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, this week, we are seeing my colleagues on the other side of the aisle advance legislation focused on individuals with opioid use disorders. We are really talking about drug addiction. These are the people they used to call drug addicts, and I don’t want us to hide behind any new language. We are talking about a serious problem of addiction here. But something very important is missing from these bills and that is new resources and funding necessary to actually make a difference for those individuals. H.R. 5735 is a clear example of this problematic approach. Rather than providing funding for housing assistance vouchers for individuals with disorders, individuals who are addicted, this bill takes away 10,000 existing vouchers that would otherwise go to people in need, many of whom have been waiting and waiting for years. There are millions of people on waiting lists across the country, including families with children, seniors, veterans, persons with disabilities, persons experiencing homelessness, and others in need. Redistributing these vouchers away from others who need housing is simply not a fair or reasonable step. What we need is bold action to commit real dollars to tackling this public health crisis, and also to address the shortage of affordable housing in this country. Unfortunately, this bill falls short and commits no new funding for additional vouchers. While H.R. 5735 has an important goal, the way it tries to get there is ultimately harmful and counterproductive. For these reasons, I urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. This will not begin to make a dent in the crisis. We 
don’t need a demonstration project. We need to move forward with a committed project with the funding that is necessary in order to deal with drug addiction. We have drug addicts who are in the alleys and on the streets in communities who never saw this before, who never experienced this before. Listen to someone who has seen it, who knows about it, who understands how many lives have been lost because of it, and let’s do the right thing. It is not about a demonstration project. It is not about just a few vouchers. This is about real action. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. PAULSEN ). The gentleman from Texas has 4 minutes remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, in my congressional career, I have experienced a number of surreal moments. I think perhaps I am experiencing another one, and that is, typically, within my career, next to a study, I think the least controversial provisions we take up in this body are demonstration projects. We do it all the time, and it is good that we do it all the time so we can find out if what is happening in a small subset within our society is going to work, and so we will roll out the program throughout our country. Typically, these receive very strong bipartisan support. I couldn’t help but notice, there are only two, two Members on the other side of the aisle, who are against this opioid housing recovery program, and we had almost a dozen Republicans on our side of the aisle come to support it. I listened very carefully to the ranking member who, on more than one occasion, said we should not rob Peter to pay Paul. Well, what happens when she or other Members on the other side of the aisle decide to submit budgets that aren’t balanced? We just had a balanced budget amendment come to this floor, and if memory serves me right, it was not supported by the ranking member. So thus, she appears to be robbing Peter to pay Paul. If that is of great concern, I will certainly be happy to go to our leadership and see if we can bring that vote to the House floor, so that we might balance the budget. I heard it said, well, this demonstration project may take away a voucher from a veteran, somebody homeless, somebody disabled. Who do you think these people who are suffering with opioid addiction are? They are veterans. They are homeless. They are disabled, Mr. Chairman, and that is why it is so critical that we reach out and we help them. Then I continue to hear from the ranking member, well, this doesn’t make a dent. This doesn’t make a dent in the problem. So let me get this straight. If we can’t help everybody, we ought to help nobody is, I think, the logic of that argument. Well, we reject that. We reject that argument, Mr. Chairman. So, again, I just cannot believe something that should be on our suspension calendar, something that should be receiving overwhelming bipartisan support apparently has to come with what we call a rule bill. But we know that 42,000 people have died in the last calendar year, to where we have the data, due to opioid abuse— up tremendously. So there is just an urgent need to target resources for substance use treatment services, to make effective treatment more widely available. We have an opportunity, right here in this House, right now, today, to say that we have the evidence. Let’s take some Section 8 vouchers and make sure that they are part of the solution. b1415 And so I thank the gentleman from Kentucky. What a wonderful leader he is on our committee in trying to help— and we are not helping everybody. I admit it.—to begin to put people in transitional housing. Mr. Chair, I urge all Members to support the THRIVE Act. We can make a difference today. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. In lieu of the amendments recommended by the Committee on Financial Services, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–73. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 5735 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Transitional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments Demonstration Program Act’’ or the ‘‘THRIVE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM TO STUDY THE IMPACT OF USING RENTAL VOUCHERS FOR SUPPORTIVE AND TRANSITIONAL HOUSING FOR INDIVIDUALS RECOVERING FROM OPIOID USE DISORDERS OR OTHER SUBSTANCE USE DISORDERS. 
Section 8(o) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(21) RENTAL VOUCHER DEMONSTRATION PRO GRAM FOR SUPPORTIVE AND TRANSITIONAL HOUS ING FOR INDIVIDUALS RECOVERING FROM OPIOID  
USE DISORDERS OR OTHER SUBSTANCE USE DIS ORDERS .— ‘‘(A) ESTABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish a demonstration program under which the Secretary shall set aside, allocate, and distribute directly to eligible entities, from amounts made available for rental assistance under this subsection, the amounts specified in subparagraph (B) for an eligible entity to provide a voucher for such assistance to a covered individual through a supportive and transitional housing program that provides treatment for opioid use disorders or other substance use disorders (as applicable), job skills training, and such assistance for a period of 12 to 24 months. ‘‘(B) AMOUNT .—The amount specified in this subparagraph is, for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, the amount necessary to provide the lesser of— ‘‘(i) 0.5 percent of the total number of vouchers allocated under this subsection during the fiscal year ending immediately before the date of the enactment of this paragraph; or ‘‘(ii) 10,000 vouchers. ‘‘(C) CRITERIA FOR ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .—An eli gible entity shall— ‘‘(i) provide an evidencebased treatment program and a job skills training program for individuals recovering from an opioid use disorder or other substance use disorder, as applicable, that meet standards established by the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) demonstrate prior experience administering rental assistance vouchers, demonstrate prior experience administering transitional housing programs under the McKinneyVento Homeless Act, or demonstrate a partnership with a public housing agency or a housing program of a State, unit of local government, or Indian tribe (as such term is defined in section 4 of the Native American Housing and SelfDetermination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4103)) that ensures effective administration of rental assistance vouchers. ‘‘(D) APPLICATION .—To receive a rental assistance voucher under this paragraph, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the Secretary that shall include— ‘‘(i) a description of the terms of treatment program, job skills training, and rental assistance to be provided to a covered individual, and assurances that such description shall be communicated to covered individuals that receive vouchers pursuant to the demonstration program established under this paragraph; and ‘‘(ii) a transitional plan that begins on the date on which a covered individual completes the treatment program of the eligible entity that includes information on additional treatment, job skills training, and housing resources and services available to such covered individual. ‘‘(E) SELECTION .—In selecting eligible entities to receive rental assistance vouchers under this paragraph, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) ensure that such eligible entities— ‘‘(I) are diverse; ‘‘(II) represent an appropriate balance of eligible entities located in urban and rural areas; and ‘‘(III) provide supportive and transitional housing programs in diverse geographic regions with high rates of mortality due to opioid use disorders or other substance use disorders, as applicable, based on data of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; and ‘‘(ii) consider— ‘‘(I) the success of each recipient eligible entity at helping individuals complete the treatment program of the eligible entity and refrain from opioid or other substance usage, as applicable; ‘‘(II) the type of job skills training program provided by the eligible entity; ‘‘(III) the percentage of participants in the job skills training program that gain and maintain employment; ‘‘(IV) the percentage of participants in the treatment program of the eligible entity that— ‘‘(aa) do not relapse into opioid or other substance usage, as applicable; and ‘‘(bb) do not receive Federal assistance for treatment of an opioid use disorder or other substance use disorder, as applicable, after completion of the program. 
‘‘(F) T RANSFER OF VOUCHER .—Upon termination of the provision of rental assistance through a voucher to a covered individual, the eligible entity that initially offered such voucher may use such voucher to provide rental assistance to another covered individual. ‘‘(G) DURATION .—The Secretary shall not make rental assistance available under this paragraph after the expiration of the 5year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this paragraph. ‘‘(H) REPORTS .— ‘‘(i) BY THE ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—An eligible entity that receives a rental assistance voucher under this paragraph shall submit to the Secretary— ‘‘(I) annually, the transitional plan described in subparagraph (D)(ii) and information on each covered individual’s housing upon termination of the provision of rental assistance through a voucher to such covered individual in a manner that protects the privacy of such covered individual; and ‘‘(II) not later than 4 years after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, a plan describing the treatment and housing options for any covered individual assisted by such voucher who will not have completed the program before the day that is 5 years after such date of enactment. ‘‘(ii) BY THE SECRETARY .—The Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that analyzes the impact of rental assistance provided under this paragraph— ‘‘(I) not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this paragraph; and ‘‘(II) not later than 4 years after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, that includes recommendations for the continuation or expansion of the program established under this paragraph and improving the process for providing such assistance. ‘‘(I) DEFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: ‘‘(i) ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means a nonprofit organization that meets the criteria described under subparagraph (C). ‘‘(ii) COVERED INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘covered individual’ means an individual recovering from an opioid use disorder or other substance use disorder.’’. 
Effective the day that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, paragraph (21) of section 8(o) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)), as added by this Act, is repealed. 
An eligible entity that provided vouchers for rental assistance under paragraph (21) of section 8(o) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)), as added by this Act, shall return any such vouchers to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development on the day that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 115–751. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . BARR  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 115–751. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: Page 1, line 7, strike ‘‘ AND TRANSITIONAL ’’. Page 1, line 15, strike ‘‘
AND TRANSITIONAL ’’. Page 2, line 11, strike ‘‘and transitional’’. Page 2, line 14, strike ‘‘job skills training’’ and insert ‘‘coordination with workforce development providers’’. Page 2, lines 15 and 16, strike ‘‘for a period of 12 to 24 months’’ and insert ‘‘, as determined by the entity’’. Page 2, lines 18 and 19, strike ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’ and insert ‘‘for fiscal year 2019’’. Page 2, line 22, strike ‘‘allocated’’ and insert ‘‘renewed’’. Page 3, lines 5 and 6, strike ‘‘a job skills training program’’ and insert ‘‘demonstrate the ability to coordinate with workforce development providers’’. Page 3, line 13, strike ‘‘transitional’’ and insert ‘‘supportive’’. Page 4, line 4, strike ‘‘job skills training’’ and insert ‘‘coordination with workforce development providers’’. Page 4, line 15, strike ‘‘job skills training’’ and insert ‘‘coordination with workforce development opportunities’’. Page 5, line 3, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 5, after line 3, insert the following: ‘‘(III) have adequate resources for treatment, recovery, and supportive services; ‘‘(IV) fully comply with the Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 3601 et seq.) and the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000a et seq.); and’’. Page 5, line 4, strike ‘‘(III)’’ and insert ‘‘(V)’’. Page 5, line 12, before the dash insert ‘‘, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Secretary of Labor’’. Page 5, line 17, before ‘‘opioid’’ insert ‘‘illicit’’. Page 5, strike lines 19 through 25 and insert the following: ‘‘(II) the coordination with workforce development providers by the eligible entity; ‘‘(III) the percentage of participants in unsubsidized employment during the second and fourth calendar quarter after exit from the program;’’. Page 6, strike ‘‘that—’’ in line 3 and all that follows through ‘‘do not’’ in line 4 and insert ‘‘that do not’’. Page 6, line 6, strike ‘‘; and’’ and insert a period. Page 6, strike lines 7 through 12. Page 6, line 13, strike ‘‘TRANSFER ’’ and in sert ‘‘REISSUANCE ’’. Page 6, after line 23, insert the following: ‘‘(H) WAIVERS .—The Secretary may, through publication of a notice in the Federal Register, waive or specify alternative requirements for any provision of statue or regulation governing the use of vouchers under this subsection (except for requirements relating to fair housing, nondiscrimination, labor standards, or the environment) upon a finding by the Secretary that such waiver or alternative requirement is necessary for the purposes of this paragraph.’’. Page 6, line 24, strike ‘‘(H)’’ and insert ‘‘(I)’’. Page 8, line 11, strike ‘‘(I)’’ and insert ‘‘(J)’’. Page 9, line 1, strike ‘‘
RETURN OF VOUCH ERS’’ and insert ‘‘ DEMONSTRATION CLOSE OUT’’. Page 9, line 6, strike ‘‘on’’ and insert ‘‘not later than’’. Page 9, line 8, before the period insert ‘‘for use only for renewals of expiring contracts for such assistance’’. Page 9, after line 8, add the following new section: SEC. 5. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 934, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my manager’s amendment to the legislation at issue today, H.R. 5735, the THRIVE Act, which, again, would make supportive housing more accessible to those most in need by allocating a limited number of housing choice vouchers to nonprofits that provide housing, workforce development, job placement, and continued addiction recovery support for individuals who are transitioning out of rehab and back into the workforce. This manager’s amendment introduces improvements to the THRIVE Act based on feedback we have received from various stakeholders in the affordable housing and recovery communities, my colleagues on the House Financial Services Committee, as well as technical drafting assistance from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. Among these changes include: Clarifying the distinction between illicit drug use and medicationassisted treatment; Requiring nonprofits to show that they have experience administering housing programs and are in full compliance with the Fair Housing Act and Civil Rights Act of 1964; Requiring HUD and eligible entities to coordinate with the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Labor, and local workforce development boards; Eliminating time limits for individuals in the program; Authorizing waiver authority allowing HUD greater flexibility to administer the program, while still requiring full compliance with statutes and regulations related to fair housing nondiscrimination, labor standards, and other requirements; and other technical changes. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank my Democratic colleagues, including Congresswoman SINEMA , for suggesting several of the improvements to the bill that are included in this amendment. I would also like to emphasize, once again, my commitment to working with Ms. SINEMA and other colleagues to request additional funding from the Appropriations Committee to support this demonstration program. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that the total economic burden of prescription opioid misuse alone in the United States is $78.5 billion per year. Our Federal housing programs are an underutilized 
source in the fight against this national public health crisis. The THRIVE Act is a small investment of only 10,000 housing choice vouchers out of a total of over 2 million, to people who are literally dying every day. It has earned the support of over 140 recovery organizations who are on the front lines of this epidemic. Once again, Mr. Chairman, it is not a reason to vote against this legislation because it is using existing appropriations for the Housing Choice Voucher Program. Our friends on the other side of the aisle who are objecting to this legislation are making the wrongheaded and misguided argument that claims that this is somehow taking away from other members of the program. There are 198,000 vouchers that come up each and every year. We are talking about not taking vouchers away from anyone, but using those vouchers that become available for new recipients. These recipients are oftentimes eligible for the Section 8 Housing Choice Voucher Program anyway, because they come out of rehab without resources. They are statutorily eligible. So when they talk about taking away from veterans, when they talk about taking away from the disabled, or from the homeless, that is who these people are. These people typically are without homes. They are, in many cases, veterans. Saint James Apartments, which is one of these recovery centers in my district, focuses exclusively on veterans who are addicted to opioids, and these people, obviously, are also struggling with a disability. So the THRIVE Act deserves every one of our Members’ support. These organizations and these folks who are struggling with addiction are literally crying out for Congress to help, and we need to answer that call. I urge support for my manager’s amendment, and the underlying legislation so we can work together in a bipartisan manner to improve housing options for individuals recovering from opioid addiction and other substance abuse disorders. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, this manager’s amendment is simply a lastditch attempt to address significant administrative concerns and questions about the correct interpretation of the underlying legislation. The fact that this amendment had to be revised three times before a final version was submitted past the deadline for consideration by the Rules Committee, is indicative of the hasty and haphazard nature in which this bill has been cobbled together. For example, in response to a Congressional Budget Office score that interpreted the bill to create up to 50,000 new vouchers, resulting in a cost of $1.2 billion, this amendment would clarify that the intent of the gentleman from Kentucky was not to provide new funding, but, instead, to take vouchers away from people waiting in line for housing assistance. And while this amendment resolves a few technical issues, it also creates new problems. In particular, this amendment would add broad authority for the Secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development to waive requirements that would otherwise apply under the Section 8 program. This includes being able to waive basic tenant protections as well as the requirement that rents are affordable to residents at 30 percent of their adjusted income, which is known as the Brooke amendment. In sum, this amendment does nothing to address the fundamental issues with this bill, including the fact that it prohibits new funding. Mr. Chairman, I really do need to point out that perhaps it was not clear in Mr. BARR’s presentation about this amendment that this amendment additionally reinforces his point that no additional funds would be authorized. As a matter of fact, if you look at section 5 of the amendment where it says, ‘‘No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this act and the amendments made by this act. Such requirement shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated,’’ which simply means taking 10,000 vouchers from people who are waiting in line, who are desperate for the need for safe and secure housing, and it makes sure that you understand that he does not want any more funds appropriated. Except, there is some kind of contradiction that can be confusing. When he first introduced the bill— and I talked about the fact that he had not only asked me to sign on to a letter to the appropriators asking for more money, and I decided not to do that because of the fact that he still had this amendment that would say that there should be no additional funds spent on this. What is my friend doing? What is he talking about? How can he send a letter to the appropriators asking for more money when, not only does he have in the bill, but in the amendment to the bill, very clear language that says there should be no additional funds appropriated. Well, of course, that is confusing. And I am not so sure why the contradiction is there. But I do know this: I believe that the intent of my colleague is a good intent; that he really would like to do something about opioid addiction. I believe that most of the Members who have gotten involved in this issue and who are learning about it for the first time, and understanding that there is a crisis for the first time, want to do something about this issue. But what they have not done is, they have not taken the time to construct legislation to truly deal with the issue, and spend the money, ask for the money, ask for the resources that are necessary to deal with what they say is a crisis. They come here and they talk about homelessness, and they talk about the opioid abusers who are on the streets who need housing. Yes, they do. Just as all of those people who have been standing in line waiting for Section 8 housing need housing. They talk about veterans who are homeless. They are absolutely correct. Some of those veterans have drug problems. Others don’t have drug problems. They have come back from their service to their country without jobs, without a place to live, and here we are, talking about robbing the folks who have been standing in line and who are in need—including the veterans on the street—robbing them of their opportunities because we want to take away 10,000 housing vouchers from them. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, just to respond briefly to some of those claims, our efforts to work in a bipartisan way, an overture to the ranking member to actually meet her halfway, should be actually welcomed. It shouldn’t be rejected. And if she is concerned about more funding, guess what, that is not what the authorizing committees do. That is what the appropriators do, and if the ranking member were sincere, she would sign on to the letter to the appropriators with respect to providing additional funds. But in any event, this is not hastily put together. This is the result of a lot of feedback, of hearings, of many years of actually talking and listening to notforprofits that are in this line of work. And they are begging us, along with 144 other organizations in addiction recovery, to pass this bill. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the manager’s amendment, and the underlying bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR). The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 115–751. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 4, line 10, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 4, line 17, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 4, after line 17, insert the following: ‘‘(iii) evidence sufficient to demonstrate that the local government having jurisdiction over the location of any supportive 
housing facility to be used by the eligible entity in connection with the demonstration program under this paragraph permits such facilities in such location.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 934, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer a simple but crucial amendment to the THRIVE Act to ensure that local governments have a say in which sober living homes are able to participate in this demonstration program. My amendment would require the nonprofits who apply for funding under this bill to prove that the Federal dollars they receive are distributed only to facilities that have permission from the relevant local government to operate in that location. The proliferation of unlicensed sober living homes in residential communities in my district and throughout our country has had a deleterious impact on local residents and has not wellserved the drug and alcohol addicts the program is supposed to help. b1430 Many—not all, but many—of these facilities are owned and operated by unscrupulous actors. These bad actors totally disregard the impact on local residents of the neighborhoods as well as those who reside in the sober living homes themselves. The Federal Government must not subsidize this. It is not only the surrounding neighborhood that suffers in these circumstances, but also recovering addicts whose treatment facility has no oversight and sometimes no actual personal program for recovery. This bill with my amendment produces a balanced first step toward helping the victims of the opioid epidemic while safeguarding the rights of families, homeowners, and local communities. I am grateful for the support of my friend and colleague Congressman BARR, and I am grateful for his support through this amendment. I urge the rest of my colleagues to join with us and vote in favor of this amendment. I would also note that it is the Federal Fair Housing Act that shields the bad actors and prevents local governments from doing anything meaningful about the problems associated with sober living homes. Municipalities face costly litigation for trying to address their transient nature, and local residents often experience an increase in crime in their neighborhoods, not to mention other threats to their quality of life. The THRIVE Act does not address the Fair Housing Act, but I have authored a bill that would do this. I encourage a serious consideration of H.R. 5724, the Restoring Community Oversight of Sober Living Homes Act. My bill would narrowly amend the Fair Housing Act to return to local governments their proper zoning authority to manage sober living homes in a manner acceptable to the local people and something that will help those drug addicts as well as the local community. So I gladly offer this amendment and ask my colleagues to consider both this amendment as well as the bill that I will submit on this issue. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I don’t think the amendment really does what the gentleman would like to have it do, but I am not opposed. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 115–751. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 5, line 3, strike ‘‘; and’’ and insert ‘‘, including tribal communities;’’. Page 5, after line 3, insert the following: ‘‘(III) appropriately reflect the impact that opioids are having in tribal communities; and’’. Page 5, line 4, strike ‘‘(III)’’ and insert ‘‘(IV)’’. Page 8, line 13, after ‘‘means’’ insert the following: ‘‘a tribally designated housing entity (as such term is defined in section 4 of the Native American Housing and SelfDetermination Act of 1996 (24 U.S.C. 4103)), or’’. Page 8, line 14, after ‘‘tion’’ insert a comma. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 934, the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Wisconsin. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, the legislation before us today makes nonprofit organizations eligible for Federal Government vouchers to house people in recovery for drug addiction. My amendment simply makes Tribal housing authorities also eligible to apply and receive the vouchers. I, like the gentlewoman from California, am concerned that this bill, without additional funding, however wellintended, really robs Peter to pay Paul, and it would cannibalize our local housing authorities of funds and prioritize seeking housing solutions for those individuals with addiction problems over other individuals who are victims of domestic violence, who are lowincome families who have been waiting in line and need a subsidy in order to make ends meet, and other homeless populations. Again, I think this is a laudable goal, but I am concerned about this bill not having any appropriations connected to it. But, Mr. Chairman, if we, in fact, are going to take this approach, I am sure we can all agree that Tribal housing authorities should also be eligible. Indian Country has been devastated by drug addiction, and Tribes from across the Nation have struggled to keep pace with treating their addicted population and all the tertiary problems associated with addiction, including housing problems. The reality is that nonprofits are not really operating in Indian Country now, and the unique geographic and cultural challenges make it very unlikely that any nonprofit will actually be able to serve Indian Country even if the program is successful in other areas. Indian Tribes are making do. There are some success stories, like the Potawatomi in Milwaukee, but the need is so overwhelming. So as we provide aid to our States, I strongly believe that our sacred trust obligations to Indian Country make it necessary for us to include our Tribes in this legislation. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim time in opposition to this amendment, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Kentucky is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, I want to make an observation that, in the course of this debate, not one of the Members speaking in opposition to this legislation has made the argument that these evidencebased transitional housing models won’t work. None of the arguments are that this model won’t work and won’t help people achieve longterm recovery. So why would anyone oppose the legislation? I will accept my friend’s, the gentlewoman from Wisconsin’s amendment. I appreciate the contribution that she is making to make sure that Native American Tribal communities and their Tribal housing authorities are designated as eligible entities to receive vouchers. This amendment will ensure that Native American communities residing in Tribal areas would have the opportunity to benefit from this demonstration, similar to urban, suburban, and other rural areas, and this amendment protects persons recovering from addiction in Native American Tribal communities by ensuring that vouchers 
might still be available through Tribal housing authorities should an eligible nonprofit not be available. Because some of the Tribal areas are located in very remote areas, the nonprofit entities envisioned under this demonstration program may not have the capacity to reach onto those reservations. This amendment provides remote Tribal communities an avenue for providing transitional housing to persons recovering from addiction when such nonprofit participation could be low. This amendment ensures that Tribal communities are not disadvantaged by a lack of nonprofit access so that they have an adequate voucher dispersion entity to community individuals in need of transitional housing as they recover from addiction. I reserve the balance of my time, Mr. Chairman. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I have absolutely no doubt at all about the gentleman’s commitment and his sincerity to solve the problem of housing challenges for those who are addicted. I would just note that my own experience in my community is similar to the gentlewoman from California. We have seen people be on the waiting list for 10 years to get in housing. If we appear to be skeptical about there being enough housing resources, it is only because of that experience where we have seen people on the wait list for 10 years. Mr. Chairman, again, I thank the gentleman for his consideration, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, in conclusion, I accept and support the gentlewoman’s amendment. I will just remind all Members, and especially Members who might be considering whether or not they want to vote for the legislation, if you are concerned about additional appropriations, the proper channel is to request that from the appropriators. Any Member of Congress considering voting on this legislation can sign this bipartisan letter to the appropriators asking for additional financial support for this demonstration project. But it is not a reason to not vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . BIGGS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 115–751. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 8, strike ‘‘, that includes’’ in line 6 and all that follows through ‘‘such assistance’’ in line 10. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 934, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. BIGGS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First of all, I commend Chairman HENSARLING and the gentleman from Kentucky for their thoughtful efforts on this bill to put together a pilot program that is designed to help people who suffer this opioid addiction. I am grateful to them for their thoughtful efforts. My amendment simply narrows the reporting requirements that are imposed on the Secretary. This does not proscribe or necessarily limit the parameters of the report, but it prevents unnecessary prognostication on the part of the Secretary, which I believe will allow for an accurate and valuable assessment at the conclusion of the pilot program’s testing period. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman for coming and offering this very simple amendment. I thank him for his kind words for the gentleman from Kentucky, who has been an outstanding leader in this effort. The amendment will simply allow Congress to work its will on the report from the Secretary and allow us to have our own full analysis. I think it is a helpful amendment. I would urge its adoption. Finally, I would just echo what my friend from Kentucky, the leader of this effort, has said. We are an authorizing committee, not an appropriating committee under the rules of the House, and we authorize programs based upon priorities. We do demonstration projects all the time, and if there were ever a worthy one that should be considered by this body in the midst of, again, a legitimate crisis on opioid addiction, it ought to be this program. We have had several amendments that have been agreed to by the majority. I think all have probably improved the underlying legislation. But again, this is something that should have been on the suspension calendar, I don’t understand why we have to take so much floor time on this. I don’t understand the argument that, if you can’t help everybody, then don’t help anybody. I don’t understand the argument that, since you are not an appropriating committee, then don’t authorize the help. I simply don’t understand that. Again, we have the opportunity in this Congress, on this floor, at this moment to make a difference, a huge difference, in the road to recovery for thousands of opioid addicts who are trying to get their lives back together. If we believe in their hope and if we believe in their cause, then we should support the THRIVE Act of the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. Chairman, I certainly support the amendment from the gentleman from Arizona, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. BIGGS). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. BIGGS). The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. PAULSEN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. BIGGS, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5735) to amend the United States Housing Act of 1937 to establish a demonstration program to set aside section 8 housing vouchers for supportive and transitional housing for individuals recovering from opioid use disorders or other substance use disorders, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 934, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair 
declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 45 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1600 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky) at 4 p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with my Arizona colleagues, to honor the life and sacrifice of U.S. Army Staff Sergeant Alexander W. Conrad from Chandler, Arizona, who was recently killed by indirect enemy fire while in support of Operation Octave Shield in Somalia. Sergeant Conrad served as a human intelligence, noncommissioned officer and was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 3rd Special Forces Group. Sergeant Conrad’s decorated service included two tours in Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. He was posthumously awarded the Purple Heart and Meritorious Service Medal. Mr. Speaker, Sergeant Conrad was one of Arizona’s finest. He fought to free the oppressed and to ensure that all Americans live out their days in liberty. Please keep his family, friends, and comrades in your prayers. Mr. Speaker, I now ask that Members please join me and my Arizona colleagues for a moment of silence to remember U.S. Army Staff Sergeant Alexander W. Conrad. 
WICHITA ADVANCED LEARNING LIBRARY (Mr. ESTES of Kansas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the grand opening of the Wichita Advanced Learning Library on June 16, 2018. The Wichita Advanced Learning Library has been a central project for Kansas’ largest city since 2006. After breaking ground on the project 2 years ago, it will be an honor to attend the grand opening of the library this Saturday. The old library was built more than 50 years ago. At that time, there was no such thing as a personal computer, phones were simply used for making phone calls, and Wichita had a population of less than 250,000. With the opening of the new library, Wichita and the surrounding region will now have a stateoftheart facility ready to handle our growing population and advances in digital technology. These advances will provide students with enrichment opportunities in all areas, including STEM, which is increasingly important for the workforce of the future. As a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, I understand the importance of education, and I am proud of the city of Wichita for moving forward with the Advanced Learning Library, allowing our students and community members of all ages to continue the pathway to a lifetime of learning. f 
RECOGNIZING APRIL VASSELL AND NEVAEH PARKER (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the wonderful accomplishments of two young women from my district. April Vassell and Nevaeh Parker were each selected to attend the United Nations Foundation’s 2018 Women in Science, or WiSci, Girls STEAM Camp in Namibia. The camp will bring together 100 high school girls from the African Continent and the United States for a 2week intensive learning program. This amazing camp is cohosted by the U.S. Department of State and private partners. It brings girls together to help close the gender gap in science, technology, engineering, arts, and mathematics. April and Nevaeh will have the opportunity to enhance their STEAM skills, grow as young leaders, and develop relationships with their sisters from Africa. These two young women and the other campers have a lot to be proud of. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing their achievements, their potential, and success. 
b1645 TURKEY: FRIEND OR FOE (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, our supposed Turkish allies are holding Americans hostage. At least two Americans, Andrew Brunson and Serkan Golge, are being held by the Turkish regime on false charges. Dictator Erdogan, an Islamist who has arrested thousands of Turks who oppose him, believes that he can use imprisoned Americans as bargaining chips. He hopes that he can trade American hostages for political opponents who fled Turkey’s dictatorship. Even if the individuals Erdogan wanted had clearly committed crimes, which there is absolutely no evidence they have, we should never engage in rewarding Turkey for taking hostages. Erdogan has proven he has no respect for the rule of law and, instead, rules by fear. We must not assist him in his destruction of democracy in Turkey. American hostages like Pastor Andrew Brunson, who has been held for more than 600 days, must be returned. Until then, the United States needs to reevaluate whether Turkey wants to be considered a friend or foe. And that is just the way it is. 
OHIO VOTER PURGE (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to decry last week’s Supreme Court decision in the Ohio voting case, Husted v. A. Philip Randolph Institute. Mr. Speaker, the ruling appears to willfully misinterpret the plain statutory language of the National Voter Registration Act of 1993. It lays waste to congressional intent and sets a dangerous precedent of being permissive of voter suppression across the country. The NVRA was enacted with the express purpose of increasing voter registration and protecting against voter purges, and it plainly prohibits States from removing voters from rolls ‘‘by reason of the person’s failure to vote.’’ Yet this is exactly what the State of Ohio is doing. Ohio officials are purging voters if they do not vote in three consecutive Federal elections. I believe every person should vote in every election, but there may be valid reasons why they have not. We should be erring on the side of caution. Our democracy is built on each person having a voice. Yet the Supreme Court has affirmed Ohio’s right to silence those voices. Congress must now act to correct this injustice and restore the rights the Court has so carelessly cast aside. 
INTERNSHIP PROGRAM (Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to announce a new internship program my district office has started. My program is designed to help individuals who are in longterm substance abuse recovery meet their programming requirements of obtaining jobreadiness skills. Along with the bills we are passing this week to fight the opioid epidemic, my office has partnered with Recovery Point in Charleston, West Virginia, to help those who have decided to get their lives back on track. West Virginia has been ground zero of the drug epidemic, and it is important to support the important crucial recovery programs that are changing the lives of so many of our people who have fallen on hard times. This internship opportunity will help to prepare these individuals to reenter the workforce. It is important to lead by example and help those who have decided to turn their lives around. I encourage all of my colleagues in Congress to partner with recovery programs in their districts to create similar opportunities for recovering addicts. The interns in my Charleston office have already made a positive impact and are a great addition to our team. f 
HONORING THE WORK OF NATALIE BRYSON (Mr. KILMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, one of the best parts of this job is getting to develop relationships with outstanding people in my district, people who are difference makers in the best sense of the word. Kitsap County, Washington, is a better place because of one such person: Natalie Bryson. Our schools are providing more opportunities for young people because of all she has done for the local school district and her work with the Paul Linder Foundation. Our communities are more welcoming places because of Natalie’s work with Kitsap Pride and her involvement with the HIV/AIDS Foundation. More doors are open for women because she has been such a trailblazer in our community, even becoming the first woman to join the Silverdale Rotary Club, where she was so kind to welcome me and let me have lunch with her. Whether she is participating in the Central Kitsap County Council or giving loving advice to her Member of Congress, Natalie has been such an impactful person, a fierce advocate, a voracious volunteer, and an amazing friend. Mr. Speaker, sometimes it is important for us to just express some gratitude, to say thank you, and that is something I want us to do today for someone who has done so much for so many. Thank you, Natalie. You are so appreciated. TAKING BACK OUR COMMUNITIES (Mr. YOUNG of Iowa asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, like the rest of my colleagues, we go home on the weekends when we are not voting. When we are not voting during the week, we are in our districts. It is wonderful to get around and visit with our bosses. I was in Bridgewater in Adair County on Monday. It is a lovely town. They are strong people with a lot of grit and a lot of love and compassion. But in a way, I wish I hadn’t been in Bridgewater that day, because we were having an opioid roundtable. The addiction to opioids has really taken a toll on this community, but the people of Bridgewater are strong. ‘‘Take back Bridgewater’’ is their mantra. Taking back Bridgewater and all of our communities is a must. I am so glad to be working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to address this issue in a bipartisan way. It is about the human condition, the human spirit, caring for one another, and taking care of those we represent. God bless my colleagues, the people in Bridgewater, and all the people in America who have suffered under these addictions. We are going to come together, and I am glad we can address them. 
ANTIDOPING LEGISLATION (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, Americans love sports. They love honest sports. They love winning the Stanley Cup by the great team here in Washington. We loved winning the World Series with the Houston Astros. We love our Olympics. Today, I rise because I recently introduced, H.R. 6067, the Rodchenkov AntiDoping Act, or RADA. In the realm of international sports, it has become almost commonplace for too many athletes to yield to the temptation of bridging the gap between their own skills and the pinnacle of athletic achievement by resorting to performanceenhancing drugs. To conceal this fall from grace, cheaters are employing increasingly sophisticated modes of masking the use of any prescribed drugs. This practice, some of it statesanctioned, undermines international athletic competition. That is why I introduced the RADA Act, H.R. 6067. I ask my colleagues to join me. This is a bipartisan bill supported by Ms. GWENMOORE , Dr. B URGESS , and myself. Our numbers are growing. The legislation I have introduced is bipartisan. As well, we salute the valiant man who revealed the true extent of the complex, staterun doping scheme in Russia. 
Mr. Speaker, I would simply like to close by saying a young lady by the name of Alysia Montano lost a race to Russians who had been a part of doping fraud. She lost the medal and she lost millions, but she also may have lost her spirit. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  an article from The New York Times entitled: ‘‘U.S. Lawmakers Seek to Criminalize Doping in Global Competitions’’ which cites RADA as a step in the right direction toward criminalizing doping in international sports. 
[From the New York Times, June 12, 2018] U.S. LAWMAKERS SEEK TO CRIMINALIZE  DOPING IN GLOBAL COMPETITIONS  (By Rebecca R. Ruiz) United States lawmakers on Tuesday took a step toward criminalizing doping in international sports, introducing a bill in the House that would attach prison time to the use, manufacturing or distribution of performanceenhancing drugs in global competitions. The legislation, inspired by the Russian doping scandal, would echo the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which makes it illegal to bribe foreign officials to gain a business advantage. The statute would be the first of its kind with global reach, empowering American prosecutors to act on doping violations abroad, and to file fraud charges of a different variety than those the Justice Department brought against top international soccer officials in 2015. Although American leagues like Major League Baseball would not be affected by the legislation, which would apply only to competitions among countries, it could apply to a league’s athletes when participating in global events like the Ryder Cup, the Davis Cup or the World Baseball Classic. The law would establish America’s jurisdiction over international sports events, even those outside of the United States, if they include at least three other nations, with at least four American athletes participating or two American companies acting as sponsors. It would also enhance the ability of cheated athletes and corporate sponsors to seek damages, expanding the window of time during which civil lawsuits could be filed. To justify the United States’ broader jurisdiction over global competitions, the House bill invokes the United States’ contribution to the World AntiDoping Agency, the global regulator of drugs in sports. At $2.3 million, the United States’ annual contribution is the single largest of any nation. ‘‘Doping fraud in major international competitions also effectively defrauds the United States,’’ the bill states. The lawmakers behind the bill were instrumental in the creation of the 2012 Magnitsky Act, which gave the government the right to freeze financial assets and impose visa restrictions on Russian nationals accused of serious human rights violations and corruption. On Tuesday, the lawmakers framed their interest in sports fraud around international relations and broader networks of crime that can accompany cheating. ‘‘Doping fraud is a crime in which big money, state assets and transnational criminals gain advantage and honest athletes and companies are defrauded,’’ said Sheila Jackson Lee, Democrat of Texas, who introduced the legislation on Tuesday. ‘‘This practice, some of it statesanctioned, has the ability to undermine international relations, and is often connected to more nefarious actions by state actors.’’ Along with Ms. Jackson Lee, the bill was sponsored by two other Congressional representatives, Michael Burgess, Republican of Texas, and Gwen Moore, Democrat of Wisconsin. It was put forward just as Russia prepares to host soccer’s World Cup, which starts Thursday. That sporting event will be the nation’s biggest since the 2014 Sochi Olympics, where one of the most elaborate doping ploys in history took place. The bill, the Rodchenkov AntiDoping Act, takes its name from Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov, the chemist who ran Russia’s antidoping laboratory for 10 years before he spoke out about the statesponsored cheating he had helped carry out—most notoriously in Sochi. At those Games, Dr. Rodchenkov said, he concealed widespread drug use among Russia’s top Olympians by tampering with more than 100 urine samples with the help of Russia’s Federal Security Service. Investigations commissioned by international sports regulators confirmed his account and concluded that Russia had cheated across competitions and years, tainting the performance of more than 1,000 athletes. In early 2017, American intelligence officials concluded that Russia’s meddling in the 2016 American election had been, in part, a form of retribution for the Olympic doping scandal, whose disclosures Russian officials blamed on the United States. Nations including Germany, France, Italy, Kenya and Spain have established criminal penalties for sports doping perpetrated within their borders. Russia, too, passed a law in 2017 that made it a crime to assist or coerce doping, though no known charges have been brought under that law to date. Under the proposed American law, criminal penalties for offenders would include a prison term of up to five years as well as fines that could stretch to $250,000 for individuals and $1 million for organizations. ‘‘We could have real change if people think they could actually go to jail for this,’’ said Jim Walden, a lawyer for Dr. Rodchenkov, who met with the lawmakers as they considered the issue in recent months. ‘‘I think it will have a meaningful impact on coaches and athletes if they realize they might not be able to travel outside of their country for fear of being arrested.’’ The legislation also authorizes civil actions for doping fraud, giving athletes who may have been cheated in competitions—as well as corporations acting as sponsors—the right to sue in federal court to recover damages from people who may have defrauded competitions. Ms. Jackson Lee cited the American runner Alysia Montan˜o, who placed fifth in the 800 meters at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Two Russian women who placed first and third in that race were later disqualified for doping, elevating Ms. Montan˜o years later. ‘‘She had rightfully finished third, which would have earned her a bronze medal,’’ Ms. Jackson Lee said, noting the financial benefits and sponsorships Ms. Montan ˜o could have captured. The bill would establish a window of seven years for criminal actions and 10 years for civil lawsuits. It also seeks to protect whistleblowers from retaliation, making it illegal to take ‘‘adverse action’’ against a person because he or she has disclosed information about doping fraud. Dr. Rodchenkov, who has lived in the United States since fall 2015, has been criminally charged in Russia after he publicly deconstructed the cheating he said he carried out on orders from a state minister. ‘‘While he was complicit in Russia’s past bad acts, Dr. Rodchenkov regrets his past role in Russia’s staterun doping program and seeks to atone for it by aiding the effort to clean up international sports and to curb the corruption rampant in Russia,’’ Ms. Jackson Lee said, calling Tuesday’s bill ‘‘an important step to stemming the tide of Russian corruption in sport and restoring confidence in international competition.’’ Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, join me in supporting the RADA bill. I thank Isabella Belcher and the OSCE staff. Mr. Speaker, I recently introduced H.R. 6067, the Rodchenkov AntiDoping Act (‘‘RADA’’) because in the realm of international sports, it has become almost commonplace for too many athletes to yield to the temptation of bridging the gap between their own skill and the pinnacle of athletic achievement by resorting to performance enhancing drugs. And to conceal this fall from grace, cheaters are employing increasingly sophisticated modes of masking the use of any proscribed drugs. The United States has a large role to play in ferreting out corruption in international sports. Not only do U.S. athletes lose out on millions in sponsorships, but when a U.S. company spends millions to create a marketing campaign around an athlete, only to have that athlete later implicated in a doping fraud scandal, the damage to that company’s brand can cost tens of millions. This has been the story of Alysia Montafio, a U.S. runner who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics games in London and placed fifth place in the 800 meters behind two Russian women finishing first and third. These women were later found to have engaged in doping fraud by the World Anti Doping Agency, meaning that Ms. Montan ˜o had rightfully finished third, which would have earned her a bronze medal. Ms. Montan˜o estimates that doping fraud cost her ‘maybe half a million dollars, if you look at rollovers and bonuses, and that’s without outside sponsorship maybe coming in.’ She adds, ‘That’s not why you’re doing it, but you still deserve it.’ She certainly does. Until now, defrauded U.S. athletes and companies have had little recourse against doping fraud. A recent article published by The New York Times titled ‘‘U.S. Lawmakers Seek to Criminalize Doping in Global Competitions’’ references the RADA as a step in the right direction toward criminalizing doping in international sports. The RADA is an important step to stemming the tide of Russian corruption in sport and restoring confidence in international competition. This practice, some of it statesanctioned, undermines international athletic competition and is often connected to more nefarious actions by state actors. This is why it is necessary for Congress to enact H.R. 6067, the bipartisan Rodchenkov AntiDoping Act (‘‘RADA’’ Act) The legislation I have introduced is bipartisan, and bears the name of courageous whistleblower Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov, a valiant man who revealed the true extent of the complex staterun doping scheme which permitted Russia to excel in the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics, and which resulted in its ban from the 2018 Olympic Games. While he was complicit in Russia’s staterun doping program, Dr. Rodchenkov regrets his role and seeks to atone for it by aiding the effort to clean up international sports and to curb the rampant corruption within Russia. 
The RADA Act is a serious step towards cracking down on the use of performanceenhancing drugs in major international competitions because it establishes criminal penalties and civil remedies for doping fraud. A number of other nations, including Germany, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, France, Italy, Sweden, Switzerland, and Spain, have embraced criminal sanctions for doping fraud violations and it is time for the United States to be added to this list. Doping fraud in major international competitions—like the Olympics, the World Cup and the Tour de France—is often linked with corruption, bribery and money laundering. It is not just victory that criminals engaged in doping fraud snatch away from clean athletes—athletes depend on prize money and sponsorships to sustain their livelihoods. 
INFLATED GAS PRICES (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, in my home State of Rhode Island and all across America, people are working harder than ever just to get by. Wages are flat and costs continue to rise. In fact, just last month, gas prices hit a 3 year high. It is obscene. Working people have been getting ripped off at the pump for years. One of the biggest reasons is that countries in OPEC and other foreign oil cartels work together to inflate the cost of gas. Some folks think there is nothing we can do about this. That is why, last month, along with Congressman STEVE CHABOT , I introduced the No Oil Producing and Exporting Cartels Act, or NOPEC Act. This is a commonsense bill that will help bring down the cost of gas by making members of OPEC and other foreign oil cartels subject to U.S. antitrust laws and preventing them from price gouging. It prohibits those same companies from withholding their supply of oil in order to raise prices. Earlier this week, our bill was approved by the House Judiciary Committee. I look forward to this bill coming to the floor and its swift passage. It is long past time that we deliver some muchneeded relief to working people in this country. 
PICK ON SOMEBODY YOUR OWN SIZE (Ms. NORTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, when Members attack one another on this floor, we sometimes have to apologize publicly. What is the appropriate penalty when a Presidential administration attacks children in our country? That is what is happening now at the border, as children are forcibly taken from their parents. Even if these children were being held in palatial splendor, nothing could make up for being taken from the only adult they have known since birth. Our country’s policy has always been family unification. Breaking with that policy and with decency, Donald Trump and Jeff Sessions have devised a new deterrent for crossing the border to seek asylum. Says Jeff Sessions: ‘‘If you’re smuggling a child, then we’re going to prosecute you, and that child will be separated from you.’’ If they want to attack border crossers, the Trump administration should pick on somebody their own size. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CHRISTOPHER ROYBAL (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Christopher Roybal. He was a decorated U.S. Navy veteran who had survived two shootouts while serving in Afghanistan. He attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Christopher served in the Navy for 7 years before he left on a medical discharge after he had become mostly deaf in his left ear from all the explosions that happened near him. After leaving the Navy, he began working with Crunch Fitness gyms, where he managed new facilities as they opened around the country. Christopher went to the Route 91 festival with friends and family to celebrate his upcoming 29th birthday. Everyone who knew him remembers him as a man who could always put a smile on everyone’s face. His favorite thing to do was serenading his friends with Spanish ballads and going out to sing karaoke. I would like to extend my condolences to Christopher Roybal’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO UNITED STATESCHINA ECONOMIC AND SECURITY REVIEW COMMISSION The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RUTHERFORD ). The Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to section 1238(b)(3) of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), as amended, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following individual on the part of the House to the United StatesChina Economic and Security Review Commission for a term expiring on December 31, 2019: Rear Admiral Michael McDevitt, U.S. Navy, Retired, Arlington, Virginia 
b1700 POOR PEOPLE’S CAMPAIGN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material that they would bring on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Maryland? There was no objection. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to take this hour with several of my distinguished colleagues to talk about a matter of moral, social, political, and economic urgency to the American people, which is the vast group of Americans who are living in poverty today. We are observing the 50th anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther King’s Poor People’s March on Washington, the Poor People’s Campaign, which he was organizing and starting work on shortly before his assassination. The Poor People’s March on Washington took place even after the death of Dr. King. Today, there is a new Poor People’s Campaign, a national call for moral revival that has been working for the last 2 years, reaching out to communities across the country, working in more than 35 States across America in order to put in the very forefront of the public consciousness the fact that tens of millions of our fellow citizens simply don’t have enough money to meet the basic needs of life. The Poor People’s Campaign has met with tens of thousands of Americans and witnessed the courage and strength of a lot of poor people across the country, and they have gathered testimony from hundreds of individual Americans. A number of the testimonials will be read this evening by Members of Congress in this Special Order. The testimony we are going to read powerfully reinforces the empirical assessment conducted by the Poor People’s Campaign and the Institute for Policy Studies about the effect of systemic poverty, racism, ecological devastation, and militarism in the country. ‘‘The Souls of Poor Folk’’ report reveals how the evils of these interrelated problems are persistent, pervasive, and perpetuated by a distorted moral narrative that must be challenged today. We believe that, when Americans across the country see the faces and the facts that are represented in this testimony and by this report, America will be moved deeply to change things. When confronted with the undeniable truth of the indignity and the cruelty of poor circumstances that so many of our fellow Americans are living under, we believe that millions more Americans will join the ranks of those who are determined to see an end to poverty in our lifetime. I am joined by a number of my colleagues this evening who will come up 
and read some of the testimonials as well as give thoughts of their own. I will be interspersing some commentary of my own as I bring up my colleagues. I am beginning first with my colleague GWENMOORE from Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ), who is a great leader for the people of Wisconsin and a terrific spokesperson for poor people across the country. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, as you mentioned, the Poor People’s Campaign was a national call for a moral revival. What we are doing here now: We are reengaging the Poor People’s Campaign for the nonviolent economic reform movement that the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King was organizing when he was assassinated in 1968. This resurgence is being called the most extensive wave of nonviolent direct action in our Nation’s history. What this resurgence recognizes is that Dr. King was right, that the trifecta of racism, poverty, and militarism are interconnected. Today they are trapping more than 140 million Americans in poverty and low wealth, and many of them are children and veterans. Mr. Speaker, I would like to talk to you about one of Dr. King’s triple evils, militarism. I want to talk about it because we have a total volunteer Army now. We don’t have the draft. So the young people who are being recruited into our military today are young people, often from lowincome households, who are seeking an opportunity, and they are being seduced into the military with promises of technical training, bonuses, and college. I would like to share with you a letter from one of those people, Mr. Brock McIntosh of Illinois. He says: 
This way of injecting the poisonous drugs of hate into veins of people, normally humane, cannot be reconciled with wisdom, justice, and love. I would like to tell you all about the precise moment I realized that there was poison in me. I am the child of a nurse and a factory worker in the heartland of Illinois, the family of blue collar and service workers. At the height of the Iraq war, military recruiters at my high school attracted me with signup bonuses and college assistance that some saw as their ticket out. For me, I hoped it was my ticket up, providing opportunities that I once felt were out of reach. Two years later, when I was 20 years old, I was standing over the body of a 16yearold Afghan boy. A roadside bomb he was building prematurely detonated. He was covered in shrapnel and burns and now lay sedated after having one of his hands amputated by our medics. His other hand had the callused roughness of a farmer or a shepherd. As he lay there with a peaceful expression, I studied the details of his face and caught myself rooting for him: ‘‘If this boy knew me,’’ I thought, ‘‘he wouldn’t want to kill me.’’ And here I am, I am supposed to want to kill him, and I feel bad that I wanted him to live. Now, that is the poisoned mind. That is the militarized mind. And all the opportunities afforded me by the military can’t repay the cost of war on my soul. It is poor folks who carry the burden of war for the elites who send them. A working class boy from Illinois, sent halfway around the world to kill a young farmer—how did we get here? How did this crazy war economy come to be? First, there is the demand. A society that feels perpetually threatened perpetually prepares for war, even in the time of peace. To do this requires a military industrial complex, a vast war economy whose charters, profits, stocks, and jobs depend on permanent militarization and whose fortune prospers most in times of war. Secondly, there is the supply. A Nation that wants to attract volunteers to its military and care for veterans provides opportunities that will lure recruits who are predominantly workingclass folks with limited opportunities. We need a Poor People’s Campaign to amplify the voices like this, of regular folks, above the lobby of a militarized industry, a poisoned economy, to demand jobs in industries other than warmaking, to demand opportunities for workingclass folks that don’t require killing other workingclass folks. We need a Poor People’s Campaign to demand justice for people of color, killed by militarized police forces, a poisoned law enforcement. We need a Poor People’s Campaign to transform a militarized politic, a poisoned Congress, and a poisoned White House that proves their toughness with chest beating and unites their base with war drumming. War always has a way of distracting our attention and perverting our priorities. We need a Poor People’s Campaign to organize for racial, economic, and ecological justice, to force these issues to the front and rectify our Nation’s agenda. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. MOORE for that powerful testimony. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. JAYAPAL ), my colleague. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership in the Progressive Caucus and thank all my colleagues for the deep devotion that they have shown over the years to addressing racism, poverty, and inequality. It is my honor to help bring a light, shine a light, on the stories of men and women around the country who are fighting to make ends meet. These are our neighbors, our brothers, our children, our parents, our friends, and they are struggling. Here is an incredible statistic: Across the United States today, 67 percent of all Americans do not even have $1,000 in their savings accounts. That means they can’t take care of a leak in the roof; they can’t take care of a sick child; and if they don’t get paid sick days, they don’t get to take care of an aging parent. They are focused merely on surviving and not on thriving. That is outrageous for a country of our wealth. It is time for us to lift up the American people who are the bedrock, the national bedrock, of our country: the teacher who spends more time with our children than any other but hasn’t yet been compensated for that; the domestic workers and the caregivers who take care of our elderly, our homes, and our lives with their grace, strength, compassion, and efficiency; the laborers who build the foundations of the homes and the workplaces that we stand on, live and work in; the women in every single industry who have faced disrespect, unequal pay, but are the glue that hold our society and our families together; the farmworkers who pick the food we eat; the nurses who listen to our hearts and bring us back to wellness; the sanitation workers; the parks people; the oceanographers; the scientists; the servers; the artists; the advocates who shine a light on the most vulnerable, the poorest, among us. These are the people who have come together as the Poor People’s Campaign under the incredible leadership, the visionary leadership, of Reverend William Barber, and with a huge coalition of organizations to fight against racism, poverty, inequality, militarism, and ecological devastation that continue to plague our country still today. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to join Representative RASKIN and others as we tell their stories today. I am proud to stand with these courageous soldiers for peace and for justice as we fight for equity, and I thank them for leading with love, with generosity, and with abundance. One of those people is Reverend Sarah Monroe from my home State of Washington. I wanted to start by reading her testimony: 
I wanted to start by speaking to the context I am in. I am speaking as a Christian theologian. I am speaking as a person working in one of the least religious parts of the country. And I am also speaking, more specifically, as a pastor and an Episcopal priest in Grays Harbor County. This is a rural community on the Pacific coastline of Washington State. I also grew up in this county. We face a postindustrial economy. Timber was our main industry, and today it is gone. We live in a context where 46 percent of our people are on public assistance and one out of 25 people are homeless. We are a majority White community just south of the Quinault Indian Nation, who were and continue to be victims of genocide. We have very little legal industry to employ our people, which means that our people turn to a blackmarket economy that most often sells and trades drugs, sex, just about everything else, and also brings our young people into extensive gang involvement. So many of our most struggling people, both White and Native, are very young. They are millennials. They are teenagers who have never had a steady income, many of whom have been incarcerated as young as 8. So, in this context, morally, we face a lot of issues, and three of those I want to talk about right now. First, we as an organization are committed to lifting up the leadership and the agency of poor and struggling people. 
We believe that God takes the side of the poor. And we believe that Jesus built the poor people’s movement. We believe in raising up young leaders from the streets, from the jails, from the homeless encampments, from the trailer parks in Grays Harbor County. And we believe that they are the only 
moral voices that can save us and that can lead us to liberation. We believe that the outcasts and the sex workers and the drug addicted will find their own healing and will bring that healing to us all. We believe that no poor people’s movement or campaign can be built without this fundamental commitment. As one example of that, we had a group over this past Easter of young men in jail, and they organized their own Bible study. They fasted and prayed. And they came to us and said, from Isaiah 58, which they were reading and studying, that they were called to be the Restorers of the Streets with Dwellings. Second, in this county, as in so many other places across this country, we face the moral issue of State violence. What I mean by this is that poor people in this country are systematically disenfranchised at every turn. That means that the county has money for militarized police equipment, but not for housing. The county and the cities in this county have resources for consultants to build the tourist industry, but not for providing a path out of poverty for young people. But what I also mean is that our people across lines of race face extensive police brutality. Death, beatings, shakedowns, and the use—and really the extensive use—of a bench warrant system that ensures that if you are young and you are poor, you are likely to have a warrant that allows you to be stopped or chased at any time. Most of our young people go from the juvenile system to an early felony for drug possession or property crime and spend most of their lives in and out of jail and prison where they also experience extensive and institutionalized violence. State power now, as in the time of Jesus, is used to violently repress people and to deprive them of their rights. But last, we are theologically committed to hope. And for us, hope is not a feeling, because we face powers that are larger than us at every turn, and we know that we face impossible odds. We face a staggering amount of personal and communal trauma. We openly stand against the narrative of White supremacy that has often been fed to our people, and we believe in the power of the Gospel. We believe in the power of the moral voice of the people waking up and claiming their own dignity, even when they are taught to deny it at every turn. Claiming their own power when they are taught that they are powerless. We believe that we are a resurrection people. Even when Jesus was murdered by empire, and I said this in a sermon a couple of years ago for Easter, that he rose again, and, in rising, God gave the finger to every power in this world that seeks to oppress the poor and keep us down. 
I thank the reverend from our community for that testimony and that story. We have other stories, but I want to make sure other Members have a chance to tell theirs as well. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. JAYAPAL for her eloquent statement and thank her for her leadership here in Congress. One of the shocking findings of the Poor People’s Campaign is that there are nearly 140 million Americans, more than 43 percent of people in our country who are either legally poor, living below the poverty line, or low income in the United States, which is the world’s richest Nation, and we are at the richest moment in our history today. And yet, we still have 140 million people who simply don’t have enough money to meet the basic expenses of existence. This should not be a matter of partisan politics. It should be a matter of concern to everybody on both sides of the aisle and across the political spectrum. Here is President Dwight Eisenhower speaking in April of 1953. On April 16, 1953, he said: Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies, in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. This world in arms is not spending money alone. It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children. The cost of one modern bomber, President Eisenhower said, is this: a modern brick school in more than 30 cities, 2 electric power plants, 2 hospitals, a half million bushels of wheat, 8,000 new homes. 
This is not a way of life at all, in any true sense, this cloud of threatening war that is paid for by the treasure of our people. 
So we are appealing to people across the political spectrum at this time of roaring stock market and trumpeted claims of great wealth and bounty in the society to look at the costs of social and economic inequality; that is, what it is like looking, not from the top down, but from the bottom up at the situation with wealth in America. I am delighted now to yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. KHANNA ), my distinguished colleague, who has been a great champion of putting the question of poverty and economic inequality at the forefront of our discussions here. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative RASKIN for his leadership in putting focus on the Poor People’s Campaign and his advocacy for so many issues of economic justice and racial justice. I want to join my colleagues in recognizing the extraordinary moment in this country that the Poor People’s Campaign has had under Reverend Barber’s leadership. There was a panel that Senator WARREN had a few days ago where Reverend Barber was there and ordinary individuals were testifying about their experiences, the people we should be hearing in Congress. I want to share two quotes, and then share some testimony. One is what Reverend Barber said, which, in my view, makes him one of the great civil rights leaders in this country. He said: 
I would rather join with you and die trying to change the moral direction of this Nation than to live and die and it be written on my epitaph: ‘‘Lived in the time when moral dissent was necessary. And he, and they, said nothing.’’ 
That requires such courage, and it is so believable. When Dr. Barber was with a number of others at the hearing, they had this chant that before the Poor People’s Campaign will fail, they will go to jail. And that sense of civil disobedience for a moral cause is part of the great tradition of our Nation and what has brought change. I want to thank Reverend Barber for being such a moral leader and everyone who is risking arrest, risking their life for justice. Now, I am honored to read the testimony of Paul Boden, who is the Western Regional Advocacy Project lead in my home State of California. He writes: My name is Paul Boden, and I am with the Western Regional Advocacy Project lead. We are based out of California, Colorado, and Oregon with core member groups doing local organizing around poverty and homelessness issues in 10 communities. I am testifying today about the advent of contemporary homelessness in the early 1980s and the connection to neoliberal economics and how that has played out over the past 35 years. In doing this research, we found that with 2 less attack submarines, 29 less fighter jets, and 2 less combat ships, we would more than triple all of the funding that is currently dedicated to public housing capital investments, public housing maintenance, and all of the Federal homeless programs. Clearly, these spending priorities have nothing to do with security or the need for an investment in our military complex. As part of the consequence of the advent of homelessness that this kind of approach to governance created, we’ve spoken to 1,600 homeless communities, and 82 percent of them have reported that they are getting arrested, harassed, and ticketed. And we know the finesandfeegames that local governments play. 77 percent of these people are getting that same kind of policing activity for sitting or laying down on a sidewalk. 75 percent for loitering. Sleeping, standing, and sitting are criminal offenses when you are the population that is being targeted by local government for removal from those communities. And this is happening, unfortunately, in communities across the United States. My research also brought out very clearly and undeniably that these are the same policing programs, these are the same laws, the same racist and classist policing programs that were used with the AntiOkie laws, with the Sundown towns, with the Japanese American Exclusion Act, with the ugly laws, and with the Jim Crow laws. The darker your skin color, the greater your disability, the poorer you are, you are way more likely to be a target of these policing programs, and that is the way it has been playing out for years. We have written legislation and gotten it introduced in California, Oregon, and Colorado. We had introduced it 8 times. We got crushed 8 times. But we are going to keep bringing it back until the final answer is yes. Our law, our legislation would make it illegal for local government to criminalize life sustaining activities and activities that we all commit: eating, sleeping, sitting, standing still. We all do that. To criminalize doing it is to purposely and maliciously create legislation specifically aimed at enforcement only applying to some people. That is us, all of us. 
Paul Boden’s words are ones I hope this entire country will hear. And as we are listening to the voices of so many people marching in our streets in Washington, I hope we will take some inspiration from their courage, their courage far exceeding any of ours in this body, and be inspired to do the 
right thing and fight for economic justice and the policies that they recommend that would help alleviate poverty and help the working poor and poor people across this Nation. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. KHANNA so much for his very moving statement that he made. I yield now to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), my colleague, who has been a terrific champion for economic equity and social justice in our country. I am delighted to yield to her now. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman RASKIN for his leadership, consistent leadership, on these issues. And certainly, I think, the recognition of the fact that the poor of this Nation, both in the biblical sense of our faith or the document of your faith, the poor have always been acknowledged, and, in a certain sense, in the Christian Bible honored. And it is a sad state of affairs for us to come to this point in the Nation to realize that our poor are suffering at large numbers and that there is no relief. I know that Dr. King, some 50 years ago, as he was planning the Poor People’s march—and many of us realized that he was not able to fulfill it for he was shot by an assassin’s bullet on April 4, 1968. But the valiant people went forward with his dream of eliminating poverty. And I am reminded of his words: Injustice anywhere is injustice everywhere. And so I speak today of the sprinkling, the harsh sprinkling of poverty and injustices in this Nation today, and I make it a very special message to the leader of the free world, who has every power to collaborate with this important body, to make commitments to end the very conditions that Dr. King, some 50 years ago, sought to come to Washington that was ultimately proceeded with by leaders of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference and poor people from around the Nation. b1730 They might not have succeeded specifically, but they did bring to the Nation’s eyes and hearts the violence of poverty among Native Americans, Latinos, African Americans, poor, and Caucasians in places beyond the South. And, interestingly enough, that poverty continues. I speak, in particular, of certain elements that show our lack of concern and where we must get steady and back on track. First, what all of us have been speaking about over the last couple of days and weeks is the untoward and the impossible thought of taking children away from parents who are fleeing poverty, violence, and desperation to come. We know that, in my home State of Texas, a migrant was separated from his family and committed suicide while in Federal detention. Injustice anywhere is injustice everywhere. And a mother, while breastfeeding her young child, while both were in Federal detention, had her child ripped away from her arms. That must stop. That is a poverty of mind, a poverty of heart and spirit. I want to thank Reverend Barber, who will be headed to Washington on June 23 with the massive, largest expression of those who still, unfortunately, live in the shadows, not of their own making. When I say that, they are not in the shadows, they are there, but seeming there in the shadows with respect to the policies of this administration, the terrible Robin Hood tax bill that has created nothing but a balloon of wealth to the top 1 percent, so much so that the wages of Americans have not gone up. When you travel throughout the country and in my district, most people don’t know, working Americans have no idea that any tax bill was passed that was supposed to impact them because it has not impacted them, and the only thing that is happening is a flush of corporate profits. Now, it would seem that one is criticizing that success. We are criticizing the unequalness of what happens to working families who work every day and have not had a wage increase. Then out of that comes the implosion of the Affordable Care Act, brick by brick being taken away. I know of people who have told me that their loved one was put in a wheelchair and pointed toward the door: Get out. And the Affordable Care Act provided that there were no caps on one’s insurance until you got better in the hospital. But because of the atmosphere, and the climate, and the constant attack on the Affordable Care Act, hospitals are feeling the burden and are sending people out the door who are not well. Even more frightening for people are those who have preexisting conditions, one of the glaring parts of the Affordable Care Act, one where people were waving the flag. They were excited, if they had a preexisting condition, which, before the Affordable Care Act, it could have been acne or it could have been pregnancy. But now, that coverage and protection for our loved ones who may have preexisting conditions, loved ones who could function with healthcare and not be relegated to be homebound because they were so sick they could not work. This is a terrible approach to how you run a country. In these last two points, I want to make it clear how important it is to recognize that poverty still is. And not only Dr. King, but we recognize that Robert Francis Kennedy, also struck down by an assassin’s bullet, worked in his campaign for President in 1968 to bring to the attention of Americans the fact that it is so important to realize poverty exists in the worst way in the mountains and valleys, and urban centers, and that Americans should stand up against poverty. Poverty impacts the criminal justice system. In 1968, African Americans were about five to four times as likely as Whites to be imprisoned, or jailed. Compared to today, they are six to four times as likely as Whites to be incarcerated, which is troubling, given the population difference. As Judge Learned Hand observed, ‘‘If we are to keep our democracy, there must be one commandment: Thou shalt not ration justice.’’ It is important that, as we match meaningful prison reform, we must match it with meaningful sentencing reduction. We must stop the tide of poverty by ending mass incarceration. And we must, in fact, recognize that we must fight against recidivism, open the doors of opportunity for exfelons as they come out, and make sure that we are reducing those mandatory minimums that have kept people in jail 15, 20, 25, or 30 years away from their family so that their children grow up without them. We must recognize that poverty attacks at a very young age. It moves people toward the juvenile justice system, and it only causes them to believe this is the only thing that they can engage in. I have introduced legislation to give hope to the juvenile justice system: no more solitary confinement; alternative placement; and if they are able, as they rehabilitate, we ban the box on saying that they have been in the juvenile system. I want to stop homelessness. That is what Dr. King knew had to end to end that aspect of poverty, and to, of course, end it among our veterans. I want to end the idea of $23 billion out of SNAP’s program. And, of course, I want to recognize that when we have these devastating storms, the amount of homelessness goes up. It is so very important to recognize the devastation of Hurricane Harvey, that there are those who are still unhoused, and to make a commitment after every disaster that we make those communities whole: volcanos, tornadoes, fires, and floods. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for allowing us to be here tonight. And I want to conclude by showing this Robin Hood tax bill, stealing from the poor. This year, the administration, President Trump, proposed to slash housing benefits by $11 billion because we had to pay for the tax cut. Weeks after that tax cut was passed, President Trump proposed to pay for the bill by slashing housing benefits and other supports for lowincome people who struggle to make ends meet. And here we stand with the $1.5 trillion deficit. So, what is our message? That we must never give up in this fight. We must stand in the tradition of Dr. King. We must be reminded of those who are coming to Washington in the coming days. We must say to have mercy on them. And, of course, as Reverend Barber would always seek, that they be blessed, blessed with mercy and success, as they stand against poverty and stand for the ending and elimination of poverty. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the Congressional Progressive Caucus for anchoring this important Special Order. In the spirit of the 50th Anniversary of the Poor People’s Campaign, we are here today to bring the nation’s attention to the issues that affect them: immigration, health care, paid sick leave, criminal justice, homelessness, and environmental justice. We must act without delay regarding the ‘‘zerotolerance’’ policy that separates families apprehended on the southern border by U.S. Border Patrol. As the member of the House Committees on Homeland Security and former Ranking Member of the Homeland Security Subcommittee on Maritime and Border Security, I cannot think of a situation more devastating than having the government forcibly separate a parent from her child to a place unknown, for a fate uncertain, absent any form of communication. Every day, hundreds of persons, ranging from infants and toddlers to adolescents and adults, flee violence, oppression, and economic desperation from Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador, seeking safe harbor in the United States. They are not criminals or terrorists, they are refugees seeking asylum. The level of callousness displayed by this administration towards those seeking refuge within our borders is shocking. Every day that passes seemingly reveals another horrific tale of a migrant interacting with Trump’s border patrol forces and then being worse for the wear because of it. We know of the immigrant who was deported to Mexico, a country he left when he was three years old, only to be murdered by gang violence just three weeks after his forced return. We know of the young mother, separated from her children at the border, left to wonder about their fate, safety, future, and whether she would ever see them again. In my home state of Texas, a migrant who was separated from his family, committed suicide while in federal detention. A mother who, while breastfeeding her young child when both were in federal detention, had her child ripped away from her arms. This cannot be how we make America great again, this is how we make America hateful again. This week brought news that the Trump administration is seeking to build a tent city at Fort Bliss for the purpose of housing children separated from their parents. This is unconscionable, outrageous and it must stop. I have written to the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security calling for an immediate end to this policy. America is the envy of the world, in large part because of our welcoming and generous nature. For over 100 years, those seeking a better life have been drawn to this land by the words on the Statue of Liberty: ‘‘Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, the wretched refuse of your teeming shore.’’ The current president fails this obligation, but he is who he is. We must be who we are: a loving, embracing people, eager to share the bounty of this country to all who seek it. The President and GOP have promised for years now to create a plan to improve health insurance for everybody. But that promise has not been kept. The Affordable Care Act (ACA) has significantly improved the availability, affordability, and quality of health care for tens of millions of Americans, including millions who previously had no health insurance at all. Americans are rightly frightened by Republican attempts to repeal the ACA without having in place a superior new plan that maintains comparable coverages and comparable consumer choices and protections. It is beyond dispute that the ‘‘Pay More For Less’’ plan proposed by House Republicans a few months ago fails this test miserably. The Republican ‘‘Pay More For Less Act’’ is a massive tax cut for the wealthy, paid for on the backs of America’s most vulnerable, the poor and working class households. This ‘‘Robin Hood in reverse’’ bill is unprecedented and breathtaking in its audacity—no bill has ever tried to give so much to the rich while taking so much from the poor and working class. This Republican scheme gives gigantic tax cuts to the rich, and pays for it by taking insurance away from 24 million people and raising costs for the poor and middle class. It is despicable and shameful that those elected to serve their people would rather see their pockets full than their constituents healthy and well. Fifty years or so ago the American Labor Movement was little more than a group of dreamers, and look at it now. From coast to coast, in factories, stores, warehouse and business establishments of all kinds, industrial democracy is at work. From ending sweatshop conditions, unlivable wages, and 70hour workweeks, we have come a long way from our practices over 100 years ago. However, we still have work to be done. Currently in America, there are no federal legal requirements for paid sick leave. For companies subject to the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), the Act does require unpaid sick leave and are only eligible to take FMLA after they have worked for their employer for at least 12 months, worked for at least 1,250 hours over the previous 12 months, and work at a location where at least 50 employees are employed by the employer within 75 miles. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, state and local government workers were more likely than workers in private industry to have access to paid sick leave but less likely to have access to paid vacations and holidays. As with workers in private industry, state and local government workers in the lower wage categories were less likely to have access to paid sick leave than workers in higher wage categories. Workers in lower wage categories were less likely to have access to paid sick leave than more highly paid workers. For privateindustry workers with an average wage in the lowest 10 percent, 27 percent had access to paid sick leave; among workers with an average wage in the highest 10 percent, 87 percent had access to paid sick leave. This is an atrocity. We must allow for all of our constituents to be able to work within a healthy environment. In 1968, African Americans were about 5.4 times as likely as whites to be in prison or jail; compared to today, African Americans are 6.4 times as likely as whites to be incarcerated, which is especially troubling given that whites are also much more likely to be incarcerated now than they were in 1968. It is clear the inequalities and disparities that ignited hundreds of American cities in the 1960s still exist and have not been eliminated over the last halfcentury. As Judge Learned Hand observed, ‘‘If we are to keep our democracy, there must be one commandment: thou shalt not ration justice.’’ Reforming the criminal justice system so that it is fairer and delivers equal justice to all persons is one of the great moral imperatives of our time. For reform to be truly meaningful, we must look at every stage at which our citizens interact with the system—from policing in our communities and the first encounter with law enforcement, to the charging and manner of attaining a conviction, from the sentence imposed to reentry and collateral consequences. The need for meaningful prison reform cannot be overstated because being the world’s leader in incarceration is neither morally nor fiscally sustainable for the United States, or the federal government, the nation’s largest jailer. For individuals who have paid their debt, the reentry process is paved with tremendous, and often insurmountable, obstacles resulting in recidivism rates as high as 75 percent in some areas. More must be done to ensure that the emphasis on incarceration is matched with an equal emphasis on successful reentry so that the approximately 630,000 individuals who reenter society each year are prepared to be successful in civilian life. This is why I have also strongly supported and cosponsored legislation that will allow those with a criminal conviction to have a fair chance to compete for jobs with federal agencies and contractors. I have also been working for many years to stop the overcriminalization of our young people. Today, more and more young children are being arrested, incarcerated, and detained in 
lengthy outofhome placements. Harsh and lengthy penalties handed down to young offenders increase their risk of becoming physically abused, emotionally traumatized, and reduce their chance of being successfully reintegrated back into their communities. I have introduced and supported legislation to help reform how youth and juveniles are treated to reduce contact and recidivism within the juvenile and criminal justice system; to help protect them from a system that turns them into lifelong offenders. Just as we need to minimize the conviction of innocent people, we must address the unnecessary loss of life that can result from police and civilian interactions. Effective law enforcement requires the confidence of the community that the law will be enforced impartially and equally. That confidence has been eroded substantially in recent years by numerous instances of excessive use of lethal forces. There is no higher priority than improving the peacefulness of these interactions and rebuilding the trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve and protect. Currently, over half a million people in the United States on any given night are experiencing homelessness. 
Now that Congress has lifted the low spending caps required by law for defense and domestic programs, lawmakers should ensure the highest level of funding possible for affordable housing. When U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)’s resources are cut, families may lose access to stable housing, putting them at increased risk of homelessness. This year, President Trump proposed to slash housing benefits by $11 billion compared to current levels. Weeks after passing a massive tax bill that grows our deficit by $1.5 trillion, the President proposed to pay for the tax bill by slashing support for low income people who struggle to make ends meet. HUD and The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) affordable housing programs have lifted millions of families out of poverty. Without this investment, many of these families would be homeless, living in substandard or overcrowded conditions, or struggling to meet other basic needs. As well, homelessness among the American veteran population is on the rise in the United States and we must be proactive in giving back to those who have given so much to us. Today, in our country, there are approximately 107,000 veterans (male and female) who are homeless on any given night. And perhaps twice as many (200,000) experience homelessness at some point during the course of a year. We have an obligation to provide our veterans the assistance needed to avoid homelessness, which includes adequately funding for programs such as Veterans Administration Supportive Housing (VASH) that provide case management services, adequate housing facilities, mental health support, and address other areas that contribute to veteran homelessness. We must commit ourselves to the hard but necessary work of ending veteran homelessness in America because providing a home for veterans to come home to every night is the very least we can do. As one of the original members of the House Committee on Homeland Security, I am well aware of the range of threats that our nation has faced. However, I believe that the threats posed by climate change have been ignored to our nation’s detriment. Climate change is the challenge of our lifetime and for far too many years we have heard the warnings from prominent scientists regarding the danger to people if nothing is done to reverse the amounts of Green House gases released into the atmosphere. All of you will recall the devastation that Hurricane Harvey wreaked on the Houston community last fall. Neither Houston nor any other city in the nation had ever experienced flooding of the magnitude caused by Harvey. In addition to the immense costs of recovery and reconstruction, the cost of human lives is always immeasurable. If we do not collectively and concretely address the looming threat of climate change, we must prepare for many more devastating natural disasters that destroy lives and livelihoods. In 2015, the Pentagon published a report that found climate change to be a security risk, because it degrades living conditions, human security and the ability of governments to meet the basic needs of their populations. Communities within the United States and countries around the world that already are fragile and have limited resources are significantly more vulnerable to disruption and far less likely to respond effectively and be resilient to new challenges caused by climate change. The poor and marginalized who live in areas that already prone to the consequences of severe weather because the land was cheaper or unwanted by developers will suffer the early consequence of climate change, but the damage will not stop there it will be felt by all. As many of you well know, Greenhouse Gases such as carbon dioxide (CO2) absorb heat (infrared radiation) emitted from Earth’s surface. Increases in these concentrations of these gases in Earth’s atmosphere are causing our planet to warm by trapping more of this heat. Warmer temperatures have caused the Arctic Ice sheets to melt at an unprecedented rate. This winter we have seen extreme temperature swings in some parts of the country, while in others they have seen no winter at all. We are at a point where we can no longer wait for action only from Washington D.C., we must begin to take action in our own cities, counties and states to prepare for the challenges we will face if the rise in temperatures is not abated. It will continue my efforts in Washington to make sure that we have flood study of the greater Houston area to determine the implications of flooding and development in our area. I urge my colleagues in Congress, and all Americans, to look at what unites us rather than what divides us. We are linked by our compassion, and bound by the fundamental edict of the American Dream that says we will strive to provide our children with a better life than we had. We can, and we must, find the common ground necessary to make this dream a reality for Americans of every race and creed, nationality and religion, gender and sexual orientation; indeed for every American wherever he or she may live in this great land regardless of what he or she looks like or who they may love. We can do it; after all, we are Americans. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative JACKSON LEEfor her eloquent words. There is a distinction between misfortune and injustice. I know this because I am somebody who is a cancer survivor. If you wake up one day and a doctor tells you that you are suffering from stage III colon cancer, and you have not one but two jobs that you love, and constituents that you love, and work that you are engaged with, and a great family, and you are told that you have this terrible diagnosis, it can happen to anybody, and that is a misfortune in life. It happens to people in every State, in every city, and in every country all over the world every day. But, if you get a diagnosis like that and you can’t get healthcare because you are too poor, or because you lost your job, or because, as it used to be, you loved the wrong person, that is not just a misfortune in life, that is an injustice because we can do something about that. We know how to organize society in such a way that everybody gets healthcare, that everybody gets the attention they need in the event of a catastrophic diagnosis like that. Life is hard enough with all of the sicknesses, the illnesses, the misfortunes, and the accidents that we don’t need to compound the misfortunes of life with governmentally imposed injustice on people. The role of government has to be to liberate people from injustice and to alleviate the misfortunes of life. But now we have, here in Washington, a whole new public philosophy, which is government is a moneymaking operation for the President, and the President’s friends, and the President’s business associates, and the people who surround him. That is the new royalist vision of government that we have in America. It is a betrayal of the original conception, which is that government would be an instrument of the common good of advancing the public interest of everybody in the country, not just the people who happen to use their wealth and their power to get into public office. Now, if you are poor in America today, you have a lot of problems. You have problems with healthcare. We know that health crises remain the single dominant cause of personal bankruptcy, not business bankruptcy, the kind that the President of the United States filed for five different times. Business bankruptcy is not caused by a sickness or an illness. Donald Trump was perfectly covered in healthcare while his businesses went bankrupt and he got covered. But we have millions of Americans who have been forced into bankruptcy because someone got sick and we didn’t have a national health insurance policy to take care of them and they didn’t have the private health insurance that they needed. As Congresswoman JAYAPAL told us, twothirds of Americans don’t have $1,000 to deal with a personal crisis, whether it is a healthcare crisis or something else. They don’t have $1,000 to deal with it. And we know that for a serious kind of diagnosis, the bills can run in the tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of dollars. Education is affected by poverty. It affects where you can live, what kind of schools your kids go to, and, if you have to move a lot the way that a lot of poor people do, it is disruptive of the continuity that the educators tell us is necessary for young people to make progress in school, if you are constantly being uprooted and shifted to another school or you have to deal with the various crises and agonies that attend to homelessness. Well, what about voting? Well, here is someone who provided some testimony about voting, from Kansas City, Missouri. Her name is Latifah Trezvant, with Stand Up Kansas City. She writes this: 
My name is Latifah Trezvant, and I work at Burger King, where I make $9.50 an hour. I am a leader with Stand Up Kansas City. As a low wage worker in America, I deal with a lot. I don’t have paid sick leave, and I don’t make enough money to afford all my basic needs, like a stable place to live. And now, Missouri lawmakers want to make it harder for people like me to vote. Earlier this year, we weren’t able to afford our rent and had to move out on a moment’s notice. In the rush to pack up all my stuff and find some place where I can lay my head, I lost my ID. So I had to get a new State issued ID. Should be pretty simple, right? I go to the DMV office, and I am already knowing that I had to have proof of address. As I walk to the window, I tell the lady I need a new ID. She asked for my proof of address and I show her my debit card statement. Immediately, she tells me, ‘‘There is nothing I can do for you.’’ And she gives me a piece of paper of the things I needed to use: A utility bill—I don’t have that because I am homeless and I stay with a friend. A paycheck—I don’t have a paycheck because I had to leave my last job when I couldn’t afford reliable transportation so I could get to work. A government check—I don’t have that. A mortgage statement—well, I sure don’t have that because I am a lowwage worker and I can’t even afford rent, let alone a mortgage statement. Property tax—no. A housing rental contract—well, I am homeless, so no. A bank statement—I don’t have a bank account. I don’t have enough money to open up a bank account and deal with all those fees and penalties. Okay, so here, I am looking at this long list that I do not have. I am so upset. I am standing in line looking at this paper with tears running down my face. But there is one more way I can prove that I am a Missouri resident: a voter registration card. Okay, I actually have that because I plan on voting this year, for the first time in my life, so I had to register back in March. So I go into the election board and get a voter form to take back to the DMV. Two days later, I finally get my ID. There are so many people in my shoes: unpaid workers living in poverty, our elderly people, people who don’t have a Stateissued ID. For us, it can be really hard, or even impossible, to get an ID. 
If Missouri passes amendment 6—which is an attempt to restrict who could actually register to vote—over 220,000 people may lose their right to vote in our State. The people who would be disenfranchised would be mostly elderly, students, and lowwage workers like myself. Please make sure that all people in our country have the right to vote. Fight for America to be a country of freedom, justice, and equal rights for everyone. 
There is one more. Because my grandfather used to say to us, you know, it is very expensive to be poor, and a lot of these statements that I read dealt with the way that people are essentially charged or taxed for being poor. So here is one that comes from Kentucky. 
My name is Mary Love, and I have testified in Frankfort, Kentucky, and other places about the payday lending trap. Fourteen years ago, when I was making a pretty good salary, I came up short one month when the rent was due. I saw an ad for a payday lender and I thought, ‘‘This will be a good way to cover the rent until I get to payday.’’ So I applied for their $200 loan. I gave them a check for $230, and I walked away with the cash that I needed. When payday came around, I went into their office and gave them $230 in cash, and I got my check back. But I wanted to pay off a few more bills, so I wrote them another check that same day for $400 plus $60 interest, and I walked away with $400 cash. Next payday, I did the same thing, and the next and the next and on and on for 2 years. Because I was paying them an exorbitant amount of interest—$60 every 2 weeks—I could never catch up. Someone told me that I paid over $1,400 in interest over 2 years, but I sat down with my computer and recalculated that, and I ended up paying them almost $2,880 in interest charges over 2 years. Payday lending as advertised is a onetime solution for emergency financial needs, but all too often the story doesn’t end there. Many people like me get loan after loan and end up paying an exorbitant amount of interest. I was finally able to pay all my outstanding debts, but it took me over 2 years to do it. The payday loan industry is making millions every year by charging exorbitant interest rates and driving consumers deeper into debt. I believe the Bible has something to say about folks engaged in usury. It is past time that politicians stopped letting them engage in this criminal practice. Mr. Speaker, I am going to yield back to my friend, Ms. JAYAPAL , who has come back with further testimony to read. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. RASKIN for yielding. You know, that story about payday lending just reminded me of how in the State senate right before I came here, we had to fight back to make sure we stopped the rollback, because we actually were able, with activists from around our community, to pass some of the strongest laws that prevented payday lenders from taking advantage of people, with great offramps. Unfortunately, there were over and over again attempts to try to roll those back, and we at the Federal level need to make sure that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is strong, so that we can make sure that these folks are not getting trapped in payday lending. So I know we are running short on time. I want to make sure we get some of these read. So let me read another one from my home State. This is testimony from Mashyla Buckmaster. 
I am 28 years old. I am a proud single mom of a beautiful 1yearold named Ella. As of today, I am celebrating almost 2 years clean and sober. I live in Westport in Grays Harbor County, Washington. I have spent 5 years of my life homeless. Once during my homelessness, a neighbor tried to assault me by throwing a log through the window of the empty building where I was squatting because he was so enraged that homeless people were living on his block. I got Section 8 housing after my daughter was born just before my organization began providing cold weather shelter to our homeless members. For 110 days last winter, Chaplains on the Harbor hosted about 20 people in our church, most of them millennials who caught a record trying to survive in a county with no good jobs; no decent, affordable housing; horrible healthcare; and plenty of heroin. Business and property owners were outraged by our cold weather shelter. Our homeless members were stalked by police. Our pastor was threatened with vigilante violence. The same man who had tried to attack me during my own time squatting also assaulted a 19yearold homeless member of our community on church property and later attempted to run him over with a truck. I volunteered to stay overnight at our church and keep people safe while they slept. I stayed there through the nights while the threats continued to pour in. I stayed because my community stepped up to save my life, when the rest of society didn’t care whether I lived or died, and now it was my turn to protect my community. I am joining the Poor People’s Campaign because I need a movement that is as tough as I am. Poor and homeless people get stereotyped like we are too stupid or lazy to solve our own problems. I wasn’t homeless because I was stupid and lazy. I was homeless because our country has no problem with pregnant mothers being homeless in the dead of the winter, while just 2 hours away in Seattle, the founders of Microsoft and Amazon have made themselves the richest individuals on the planet. You tell me who is messed up in this situation. Some of you might be suspicious about a Grays Harbor County person getting up in front of this crowd, thinking, ‘‘Aren’t they just a bunch of rednecks out there?’’ Hell, yes, we are rednecks. We are radical rednecks. We are hillbillies for the liberation of all people. ‘‘We are the living reminder that when they threw out their white trash, they didn’t burn it.’’ We are here to stand shoulder to shoulder with anybody taking up this campaign, and trust me, we are the kind of Scrappy you want on your side in a fight. Mr. R ASKIN , that testimony resonates for me, because I represent Seattle where we do have some of the biggest corporations. But I will tell you what, we also have 11,500 homeless people in Seattle. And it has been breaking my heart that my community, so tolerant, so wonderful, so inclusive, has been, unfortunately, turning anger of inequality in our system against people who are experiencing homelessness just like the testimony I just read. I want to read another one that also strikes home for me, because it is a testimony from the Fight for $15 in Massachusetts. As you know, I was proud to be on the committee that passed a $15 minimum wage in Seattle, proud to be one of the first cities in the Fight for $15. This is testimony from Deanna Butler, and this is from August of 2016. She is in Massachusetts. I think I said that. 
I am a 31yearold resident of the Dorchester area. I am a fastfood worker and a member of the Fight for $15. I have been working in the fastfood industry for over 15 years. I work at the Shake Shack, and I make $11 an hour as an end cashier. I am married with three children ages 8, 14, and 15. My check is the only income for my family, because my husband is disabled and battling with several health conditions. $11 an hour isn’t much. I have worked other jobs, too. I have worked in the retail industry and at the YMCA. But the one thing I have found in all of those jobs is that anything less than $15 an hour just isn’t enough. It prevents families like mine from thriving to our full potential. My family receives food stamps and MassHealth, which takes off a heavy load, 
but I am still left to figure out how I am going to make my $350 paycheck stretch for five people. School is about to start again, and I have three kids getting ready to go back to school. I have student loans that I have to pay back, but I am also behind in bills, so I am left to prioritize which bill I can afford to pay this month. Me and my family have been living in the shelter for 6 years—yes, 6 years—because I don’t make enough to afford market rate rent anywhere in the greater Boston area. I don’t understand how these multibilliondollar corporations are able to build an empire on the backs of lowwage workers and get away with making millions in profits while we have nowhere to live and have to depend on brothers and sisters to help us make it through. My kids deserve so much more, and I deserve so much more. That is why I am fighting for $15 an hour, so that one day soon, I will be able to provide for my kids the way I have always hoped to. I will be able to go back to school and finish my medical billing program that I had to put on hold, because making poverty wages and taking care of my family made it challenging for me. We work hard. We deserve more. And people have started to realize that $15 an hour is the new minimum wage standard. We have been winning in cities across the country, and I hope through this moral revival, we can build a tomorrow where not only the rich matter, but we all matter. 
Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. JAYAPAL for participating in the Special Order. What does climate change have to do with poverty? Well, today we face accelerating extreme weather events, such as intensifying hurricanes that displaced and impoverished hundreds of thousands of citizens in Louisiana, Mississippi, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, New Jersey. Here is another way that climate change affects people in poverty: through healthcare events that take them out of the workforce. Here is the testimony from Liz BettyOwens from Vermont. She writes: 
I am 26, a home care provider and a bartender. Just over a year ago, I was diagnosed with Lyme disease and began a lifelong battle with not only this crippling disease but also the healthcare industry and my struggle to access the healthcare I need. At 25, I was incredibly ill, attempting to continue my work as a healthcare provider and making all of my healthcare decisions not based on a doctor’s recommendation, but based on what my health insurance at the time would cover and what I could afford with my meager outofpocket expenses. I realized that BlueCross BlueShield of Vermont had more power over my health and wellbeing than me or my doctor. I accumulated several thousand dollars of debt, and then, in April, I was booted off my mom’s insurance plan because I turned 26. I began the 3month process of registering for my State’s Medicare. I was unable to go to the doctor for months while I was still showing symptoms and recovering from initial treatment. I was held up in the process of trying to prove I made such a small yearly income that I was in fact eligible for the State’s Green Mountain health plan. And ever since I was finally accepted, I have had to try and tread a careful line making sure I don’t make too much money and get booted off the State plan, risking fines from lack of health insurance and, yet again, not having access to the care that I need as I fight this debilitating disease. It is devastating to experience the exhausting and harmful approach of a healthcare system controlled by insurance companies, Big Pharma, and hospital monstrosities that care more about the bottom line than the needs of healthcare workers and patients, rather than living in a society where everyone can get the care they need and have it be solely based on decisions between the individual and the doctor. It is exhausting to know that I am already struggling with this at the age of 26 and that I live in a rapidly aging State where an entire generation will have to fight to get the care they need. And home care providers like myself will be caught in the crossfire of providing care services with working people who are not allowed the resources to compensate for the care that they actually need. It is also terrifying being diagnosed with Lyme disease, which is transmitted by a tick bug that is infected by a bacterium. As weather patterns continue to hit new extremes because of climate change and the northeast continues to warm, the number of infected tick bugs is only expected to grow. The people at the greatest risk are those of us who work outdoors growing food or working on farms, maintaining State and Federal lands, and our heightened risk to this disease is made even more terrifying by the continued threat of our already limited access to healthcare. We need universal healthcare as a human right and a public good, and not a commodity to buy and sell. We need this Poor People’s Campaign to unite the poor and dispossessed, and indict the immoral status quo that produces poverty and is ravaging our communities. Mr. Speaker, with those words, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MAST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ) for 30 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight, and have chosen not to attend the Congressional Baseball Game, because I think I have an important message that needs to be heard. I rise to elevate an economic and humanitarian issue that is manifesting itself across Ohio, our Nation, and our continent. Millions upon millions of workers, many landless workers essential to getting America’s work done in agriculture and other sectors, live and toil in an eerie, shadow existence. These workers often are exploited due to our broken immigration and legal systems, which afford them and their work no respect. Our beloved father, Steven, would say: ‘‘They are caught between the Devil and the deep blue sea.’’ Let’s take a peek inside who some of these workers really are. These workers dare to climb skyscrapers and install the steel beams and pour concrete across our country, one slip away from death. They embrace harsh work circumstances, going into the brutally hot Sun in the south and west, picking your vegetables and fruits for 12 to 16 hours a day at high season. In our vast tobacco fields, they work from sunup to sundown, picking off flowers from tobacco plants in the blistering 110degree heat as their fingers and hands numb from the nicotine and their sweaty sunburned bodies turn ripe for melanoma skin cancer, and they have no health insurance. b1800 They work in hot steam chambers cleaning our laundry in the big cities and in the very, very difficult environments of slaughterhouses using electrified cutting equipment, and they are covered in blood in those slaughterhouses for the meat that we eat. They trudge through manure in dairy farms; and they harvest mushrooms sold in every store, in the grocery stores around this country; in cold, damp, dark, underground caves, walking through horse dung. They catch, by hand, thousands of chickens every night in the dark, hot coops that generally have 25,000 or more chickens each, where the stench and the dust are lifethreatening. They clean bathrooms in amusement parks, along State turnpikes, and in airports. And why do they do this work? To survive, while holding out hope for a better life for them and their loved ones. Without these workers, our tables would be bereft of the food we depend upon. America could not feed itself. Without these workers, companies would have to pay higher wages and offer health insurance to do the work. Indeed, many, many, many millions of these workers are uprooted, actually, continental labor refugees, spit out of vicious and violent economic and political systems across the Americas. Yet continental trade compacts like NAFTA and CAFTA were designed purposefully to create this landless class of laborers to purposely undervalue them and their work. NAFTA caused millions of these workers to be upended and lose their small farmsteads in Mexico, precipitating the largest human exodus from the land in modern history. And, reciprocally, in our country, millions of Americans lost their jobs in factories and farms across the Nation as our jobs were shipped south. Trade agreements have failed workers on this continent in their homelands; and many of those south of our border fled—fled—to find ways to make a living, drawn by worker shortages in many countries, including our own, finding work in the most unappealing jobs, jobs our citizens won’t take. Now, for those who came here to work, they face even more cruelty by the Trump administration and many Members of this body, too, as their children and families are being ripped apart. And I am going to tell you a story about that in a second. News reports are beginning to reveal the edges of this ugly system of de facto human bondage. Our Nation, 
founded in slavery, fought a bloody Civil War over whether the economic system of the South would be extended west, and we have not completely healed from that war even till today. Sadly, American history has not been immune from subjugating and indenturing workers. This situation of penniless workers in bondage is the modernday version of a continuing continental exploitation of labor. It is an old story, repeating itself in a new chapter. Last Tuesday, in a very wellknown greenhouse operation in my district in Erie County, Ohio, near Sandusky, the home of the roller coaster at Cedar Fair, this wellregarded greenhouse operation was raided at the height of this spring season by dozens and dozens and dozens of Federal Immigration, Border Patrol, and IRS officials. At least 114 male and female workers were detained, removed to jails, and are being questioned somewhere. But where? Those who are parents have been cruelly separated from their children, with no provision made for the children. This is a photo. I will say something about that in a second, of what was going on last week in Ohio. The reverberations of this raid in Ohio will be felt across a greenhouse and nursery industry at high season when these companies must have workers. They are highly dependent on thousands of seasonal laborers to perform the necessary work, and I am talking just in Ohio, tens of thousands of workers. The same is true in our border State of Michigan. I worry about these workers, and I worry about whether these firms will find the workers to perform the work at such a key time of the year. There simply aren’t enough hands left to do the work. Men and women workers, some of whom had worked for this firm for nearly two decades, were surrounded by ICE officers who came out of another State, Detroit, Michigan, heavily armed with rifles. They even tied the hands of citizens of our country behind their backs before questioning them. Border Patrol helicopters whirred overhead as workers were handcuffed and made to lie down on their bellies before being taken by bus to detention centers hundreds of miles from Erie County, where this raid occurred. As far as I have been able to determine, the women workers, most of whom are mothers, have been placed in the Calhoun County Jail near Battle Creek, Michigan, and the men, in a facility, the Northeast Ohio Correctional Center in Youngstown, Ohio. I took particular note that Immigration and Customs Enforcement must have notified the Associated Press that took this picture of the impending raid, as the reporter traveled all the way from Michigan to take this particular photo and report on the raid. But the same notification was not extended to the local press nor, for that matter, to local Ohio law enforcement officials who knew nothing about this raid. It certainly looks like the Trump administration seems intent on staging a big show on immigration, but where is its interest in real solutions? Was this raid really about security? or is it more about intimidation? or is it trying to divide Americans along economic and racial lines? I was told the greenhouse workers put up no resistance. They were peaceful. When I asked ICE if I could visit the workers in one of the detention centers this past weekend, I was told arrangements could not be made, even though these workers work in the district I represent. This is simply unacceptable. ICE, which reports to the superlords in the Trump administration responsible for this, have been over a day late and a dollar short in their answers back to us in their communications. Yet people’s lives and their children’s wellbeing are at stake. Stonewalling is simply not an option. So I intend to head to Michigan in a few days to try to find the detention center and, hopefully, speak to some of the women. I understand if I do so, we have to do it over a videophone or something. And I will say to the Department of Homeland Security I expect a full report on the status of each of these workers, as well as evidence they are being treated with dignity and respect in the county jail. I hope to share more publicly about what I learn with my colleagues here in the House, as well as the people of Ohio’s Ninth District. I want a full effort and report on what is at issue with each of the persons apprehended. I want to know where each is located, as well as what can be done to minimize the trauma for their children being separated from their parents. So how did America get to a point where people who work hard with their hands for a living are rounded up like cattle and their children taken from them to places they know not where? Some of these children may be Dreamers, Americans who have grown up in the United States whose immigration status needs to be addressed. So let’s do it. Today, we learned that next week this House, apparently, will vote on two competing measures that relate to immigration. One is from Mr. BOB GOODLATTE of Virginia, H.R. 4760, called Securing America’s Future Act of 2018. That bill only gives temporary status to young people who have grown up in this country. It makes deep cuts to legal immigration. It prevents legal immigrants from sponsoring their family members to enter the United States, and, of course, it boosts enforcement. It is a punitive bill, certainly not a very hopeful bill. And even if it could pass this House, it is not going to pass the Senate. Then there is this mysterious new bill that Speaker RYAN calls a compromise bill, and the compromise bill we may vote on next week still isn’t written. It follows the framework, we are told, set forward by the White House, legal status for Dreamers, increased border security, including funding for a wasteful, ineffective border wall, an end to the diversity visa lottery, and curbing familybased legal immigration. Wow, there are so many people who have come to our office who want to marry someone who is waiting in another country. How many decades are they going to have to wait? Just an hour ago, a summary provided said this: This second measure would authorize funding for construction of a border wall sought by President Trump and give a path for so called DACA populations to apply for a 6 year, indefinitely renewable, nonimmigrant legal status, after which they can apply for newly allocated green cards. 
We will see. Count me as a skeptic. To date, the Trump administration has failed to help young Dreamers who have been here their whole lives. To date, the Republican congressional majority has failed to provide a pathway for these Dreamers. The majority has failed to act on comprehensive immigration reform, which we really need. Years of inaction by House Republicans who hold the majority have brought us to this point. And we had a measure down here on the floor that had garnered 216 signatures to bring a set of votes to the floor that could really have addressed this problem, and the majority jerked it off the ledger the other day. Rather than blaming workers and harming U.S. companies, let’s put the blame where it belongs: on the trade agreements that the United States has been passing since the 1990s that set us on a treacherous and greedy path of bad trade deals like NAFTA and CAFTA that threw millions of workers out of work in our country, and millions of workers and small businesses in countries like Mexico lost their work, treated like chattel on this continent. We need a renegotiated NAFTA. These bad deals have never resulted in a positive trade balance for our country. Instead, they displaced millions of workers in North America. U.S. plants shut down here, and trade deals like NAFTA thrust cheap labor into the market, forcing wages down across the continent, including in Mexico. Border crossings doubled into our country after NAFTA’s passage, including illegal entries of desperate people under desperate circumstances. Those trade deals disrupted the markets that small farmers in Mexico and Central America relied on to support themselves. Who would not flee desperation? You would, too, if your livelihood disappeared. Think about it. The best estimate suggests 11 million undocumented immigrants have assumed some of the hardest, lowpaying 
jobs inside our economy since NAFTA’s passage and, 10 years after that, CAFTA’s passage. Employers and employees are transfixed by a rigged global economy that pits businesses and workers across this continent against one another. Who benefited from that? Ask yourself that question. Answer the question. Many workers have endured long journeys by foot, train, and boat as labor traffickers indebted them to make it across our border. Others who work here simply stayed beyond the expiration of their temporary visitor permits. The situation is more complicated than many people realize. The reality is about 60 percent of the unauthorized population of workers here has been here for at least a decade. A third of undocumented immigrants 15 years of age and older live with at least one child who is a U.S. citizen by birth. So do we close our eyes to all of this and what has happened on this continent or do we fix it? b1815 The renegotiation of NAFTA presents a precious moment, and I am with the President on renegotiating NAFTA, but with what provisions? The chance to create a just economic model for all of North America that respects and recognizes both employer needs and labor rights should be in a trade agreement. Renegotiation could have a monumental impact on not only economic opportunity for millions, but also correct distorted, migratory patterns in labor markets made so much worse by NAFTA. Instead of lifting up workers and improving their plight, achieving good jobs with living wages, the current NAFTACAFTA system forces workers in a harsh system that equates to a modernday versions, yes, of slavery. Workers understand that standing up and complaining about abusive conditions will mean termination because an employer can report them to immigration authorities. So the guillotine always hangs over their head. A renegotiated NAFTA can bring workers out from under the shadows. It will benefit business. It will benefit workers, and it will benefit our communities and our continent. When workers are asked why they endure all this, almost all have the same reason: survival and a hope for the American Dream. For those that have come here from other places and work here, they are performing the jobs the rest of America chooses not to do. Rather than end this miserable underground system of indentured servitude, Republicans have chosen inaction time and time again. NAFTA and CAFTA need to be renegotiated to institute a legal system that gives workers standing in the law, not exploitation, whatever side of the border they live on. Now, Republican lawmakers fail to acknowledge the vast role American foreign policy has played in creating the conditions in North America that push and pull workers on their perilous trek, destabilizing their way of life. You cannot solve this problem without solving the NAFTA and CAFTA problem. Recall, President Reagan worked with Congress to pass the last comprehensive immigration reform bill in the 1980s, and at the same time, unfortunately, the United States Government negotiated with international development institutions to develop new policies that favored large multinational corporations but undercut workers, including the smaller farms and businesses that created economic opportunity for communities in our country and south of our border. In 1994, the North American Free Trade Agreement—boy is that a misnomer—was sold to Congress as a way to keep Mexicans home and to make sure that American workers were cared for. Well, guess what? NAFTA actually threw millions of Americans out of work and also millions of Mexican farmers and small businesses were displaced. These upended workers sought opportunity wherever they could find it. Indeed, immigration to the United States from Mexico doubled postNAFTA as millions of U.S. citizens saw their jobs shipped south of the border. And those south of the border, who couldn’t even afford food at that point—a desperate exodus began and people were willing to work for penny wages. A decade later, Congress passed CAFTA, the Central American Free Trade Agreement, further undercutting agricultural workers and small entrepreneurs throughout the rest of the southern tip of North America. So these policies trapped Latin America workers between a foreign policy that drove them from home and a U.S. domestic policy that kept them in the shadows, while driving good jobs out of the United States to lowwage environments. Ask yourself: Who would benefit in that kind of system? Look at the profits of some of the companies and the CEOs of those companies that did that. We also know, far too many employers take on undocumented workers and exploit them for their willingness to work long hours for no pay. President Trump, please know, walls will not solve these passive economic inequities our trade policies created. Only fixing NAFTA and CAFTA will. Our Nation needs comprehensive, continental immigration reform that should include an EVerify employee system to take the onus off the employers to verify a worker’s status, and to give workers standing on this continent. No border wall can succeed against the enormous pull of our vast economy’s needs, including for labor, as employers complain every day to me they cannot find the workers they need. Let me conclude in my remaining minutes with a few stories that came out of this horrendous raid that occurred in northern Ohio. Maria Sandra worked at this greenhouse and was present the day of the raid. She recalls clocking in at 7 a.m. These workers work hard. She walked to her van to get her sunscreen and gloves when she heard vehicles slamming on the brakes in the gravel. The officers got down with large weapons so she figured they were looking for a dangerous criminal. Then she says: 
I realized it was immigration. Two men came up behind me screaming at me to walk. I told them I have my ID and my Social Security card. They screamed louder: Walk. I picked up my phone and they told me to put it away, that I couldn’t use it. I was so scared seeing how they pushed people and put us together like animals on their way to a slaughterhouse. The officers tied everybody up. I kept saying, I have my documents. I will show them to you. But they ignored me. They began separating us into two lines. Everybody that was White was let go. I was there so long that I had to use the bathroom. They refused to let me go until many others had to go. We were taken, tied, to the restroom, accompanied by an officer with a big gun. I kept asking: Why are you doing this? I have all of my documentation in my van. They asked me: Are you a citizen? And I said: Yes. They laughed at me. I had never felt so humiliated. I can still hear 
everybody crying. When they finally ran my social, they escorted me to my van, still tied. They told me to leave and I said: How can I drive with my hands tied? Another officer came with scissors to untie me and actually cut my wrist. I pulled away in pain and he got angry and said: Why did you move? 
I said: Because you cut me. I stormed out of there in fear. I have never experienced anything like this in my whole life. I was treated like a criminal with no voice or rights. 
Gloria Reyes works at Corso’s and was there the day of the raid. Gloria’s coworker, who was arrested, asked Gloria to drop off her lunch bag at home and check on her children. Gloria’s coworker, whose name she would prefer not to give out because of fear of the children being taken, has three children: a little boy, a little girl, and a baby. Gloria went to that house and when she knocked, she said she could hear them behind the door shushing each other. Gloria says: 
I knocked for a while and just kept saying, son, open up. I won’t hurt you. I just came to drop off your mom’s lunch. The eldest finally opened the door but wouldn’t let me in. He broke down crying and asking questions I couldn’t answer because I didn’t know where any of them were. I tried to calm him down and said everything would be okay. I went back to take the children food, but nobody answered the door. I don’t know if they are okay. Those children only have their mother. I have been here in this community 42 years, and I have never seen anything like 
this. Families are being broken without caring of what would be of the children. Working is not a sin, and all of those people just wanted to better themselves. We work hard, sometimes taking shifts from 7 a.m. until midnight. What the government is doing is wrong. People are suffering. The American children are suffering. 
Another woman who worked at Corso’s writes that she escaped the raid and she wants to remain anonymous because she fears that she might be hunted down. She said: 
I never expected anything like this to happen. When I saw them coming, I ran, and I ran, and ran until I hid under a bed of flowers. I buried myself under the dirt and cried in silence. All I could think about is my kids. I have three. A lot of us have small children who need us. My skin itched of the mud stuck to my body drying. 
I prayed to God for strength. I hid there for 8 hours in fear of being taken or that maybe ICE would still be around. I still feel like I am there suffocating. When I came out, I asked someone who also works at Corso’s for a ride. The entire complex was silent. Lunch boxes were left everywhere. There was a void in the room. As I got home, I was scared to get out of the car. I looked around the neighborhood to make sure there were no officers around. Walking through the door and hugging my son was a relief. However, I hurt when he asks me: What is going to happen now? I don’t know what to say. All I know is, I have to provide for them. I am alone and I don’t have a dime to my name. If I had a voice, I would tell the government that we don’t hurt anyone. We are humble people who are just working to better our lives. I would tell them to put their hands on their hearts and realize they are hurting people. Children are suffering. Please stop. 
A young girl, age 13, who resides in a place named Willard, her mother was taken in the raid. She said: 
I was still in bed when I could hear someone banging on my door. Right after, there was banging on my bedroom window, so I got up to see what was going on. As I opened the door, my neighbor in panic and tears asked where mom was. I said: She is working. Why? She asked, had I spoken to her? I began to say no when she interrupted me by saying she had been arrested at her job along with many others from our town. My neighbor said: Call your dad. I was so confused and even dumb because I didn’t know what to do. I couldn’t even remember my dad’s phone number. My dad didn’t answer, so I panicked. I cried on the floor hugging a picture of my mom. All I could do was cry and hope it wasn’t true. Not her. My father eventually walked through the door and just hugged me tight and we cried. I have little sisters and they kept asking: Mommy, mommy. I would just say: She is at work. It was even harder to tell my little brother. I played a song, ‘‘I Am Not Alone,’’ and I prayed and prayed. That night my sisters wouldn’t go to bed, insisting to wait for my mom. I went to sleep at 4 a.m. just thinking every time my mom gave me advice and how I wish I had listened every time. My dad didn’t go to work the next day. I think everybody is scared. Everyone says: Be strong. It is going to be okay. But all I can think about is, when will I see my mom again? When will I hug her again? Now I have to take care of my sisters. But looking at mom’s empty chair at the table, just doesn’t seem fair. I hope the American people who are listening tonight think about these human beings that honestly don’t deserve to be caught between our government, the Mexican Government, and the governments of the southern tip of North America. NAFTA and CAFTA have to be renegotiated and workers of this continent have to be respected. We have to treat people like human beings and there must be a legal system that protects them all. ‘‘God Bless America’’ and God bless this continent. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. JONES (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and June 15 on account of business in the district. Mr. DONOVAN (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of business in the district. Mr. DEFAZIO (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today after 2:30 p.m. and June 15 on account of personal medical leave. 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on June 13, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 2333. To amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to increase the amount of leverage made available to small business investment companies. H.R. 4743. To amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, June 15, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5166. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s Report to Congress on Corrosion Policy and Oversight Budget Materials Fiscal Year 2019, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2228; to the Committee on Armed Services. 5167. A letter from the Policy Analyst, Law Enforcement Division, Office of the Provost Marshal General, Department of the Army, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Use of Force by Personnel Engaged in Law Enforcement and Security Duties [Docket No.: USA2017HQ0010] (RIN: 0702AA87) received June 8, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5168. A letter from the Chief, FOIA Office, Department of the Army, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — The Freedom of Information Act Program [Docket ID: USA2017HQ0006] (RIN: 0702AA79) received June 8, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5169. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator, Diversion Control Division, Drug Enforcement Administration, Department of Justice, transmitting the Department’s temporary rule — Schedules of Controlled Substances: Extension of Temporary Placement of betaHydroxythiofentanyl in Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act [Docket No.: DEA484] received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5170. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Texas; Interstate Transport Requirements for the 1997 and 2006 PM2.5 NAAQS [EPAR06OAR20160716; FRL 997726Region 6] received May 11, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5171. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Tebuconazole; Pesticide Tolerances [EPAHQOPP20170032; FRL 997662] received May 11, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5172. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — National Priorities List [EPAHQOLEM20170604, 0606, 0607, 0609, 0611 and 0612; FRL997814OLEM] received May 11, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5173. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Addition of Nonylphenol Ethoxylates Category; Community Rightto Know Toxic Chemical Release Reporting [EPAHQTRI20160222; FRL997916] (RIN: 2070AK15) received June 11, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5174. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsylvania; Removal of Department of Environmental Protection Gasoline Volatility Requirements for the Pittsburgh Beaver Valley Area [EPAR03OAR20180277; FRL997944Region 3] received June 11, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5175. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 0318, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 62(a) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5176. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22378, ‘‘Hearing Aid Assistance Program 
Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5177. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22379, ‘‘Historic Anacostia Vacant Properties Surplus Declaration and Disposition Authorization Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5178. A letter from the President and Chief Executive Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, transmitting the 2017 management report of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 9106(a)(1); Public Law 97258 (as amended by Public Law 101576, Sec. 306(a)) (104 Stat. 2854); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5179. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zones; Annual Events in the Captain of the Port Buffalo Zone [Docket No.: USCG20171112] (RIN: 1625AA00) received June 11, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5180. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone for Fireworks Display; Severn River, Sherwood Forest, MD [Docket No.: USCG20180157] (RIN: 1625AA00) received June 11, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5181. A letter from the Regulation Development Coordinator, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the Secretary, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Authority of Health Care Providers to Practice Telehealth (RIN: 2900AQ06) received May 15, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 5182. A letter from the Board of Trustees of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund, transmitting a notification that the Board projects that the asset reserves held in the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund will become inadequate under the meaning of section 709 within the next 10 years, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 910(a); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title VII, Sec. 709 (as added by Public Law 98 21, Sec. 143); (97 Stat. 102); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5183. A letter from the Board of Trustees of the Federal OldAge and Survivors Insurance and Federal Disability Insurance Trust Funds, transmitting a notification that the Board projects that the asset reserves held in the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund will become inadequate under the meaning of section 709 within the next 10 years, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 910(a); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title VII, Sec. 709 (as added by Public Law 98 21, Sec. 143); (97 Stat. 102); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 5762. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize a Joint Task Force to enhance integration of the Department of Homeland Security’s border security operations to detect, interdict, disrupt, and prevent narcotics, such as fentanyl and other synthetic opioids, from entering the United States, and for other purposes with an amendment (Rept. 115–755). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 4991. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the National Urban Security Technology Laboratory, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–756). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 4627. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize expenditures to combat emerging terrorist threats, including vehicular attacks, and for other purposes with an amendment (Rept. 115–757). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself, Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, and Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland): H.R. 6101. A bill to amend titles 5 and 38, United States Code, to ensure that certain employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs are subject to the same removal, demotion, and suspension policies as other employees of the Federal Government, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California: H.R. 6102. A bill to provide for the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency to establish prudential management and operations standards for mortgage servicers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. DELAURO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. SOTO, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. ESHOO , and Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania): H.R. 6103. A bill to establish a national commission on the Federal response to the 2017 natural disasters in Puerto Rico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. CLAY, and Mr. B UDD): H.R. 6104. A bill to require the sale of distressed notes and other obligations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BACON (for himself, Mr. PERRY , and Mr. RUTHERFORD ): H.R. 6105. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to improve the Law Enforcement Officer Safety Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PEARCE (for himself, Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, and Mr. CRAMER ): H.R. 6106. A bill to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to clarify the authorized categorical exclusions and authorize additional categorical exclusions to streamline the oil and gas permitting process, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. PEARCE (for himself, Ms. CHENEY, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. GOSAR , and Mr. C RAMER ): H.R. 6107. A bill to clarify that Bureau of Land Management shall not require permits for oil and gas activities conducted on non Federal surface estate to access subsurface mineral estate that is less than 50 percent Federally owned, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia (for himself, Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. C OLE, Mr. CULBERSON , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Ms. HANABUSA ): H.R. 6108. A bill to provide for partnerships among State and local governments, regional entities, and the private sector to preserve, conserve, and enhance the visitor experience at nationally significant battlefields of the American Revolution, War of 1812, and Civil War, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 6109. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an enhanced research credit for the development of smart gun technologies; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. WALORSKI (for herself, Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Mrs. N OEM, Mr. MARCHANT , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. R OSKAM, Mr. M ACARTHUR , and Mr. D ANNY  K. DAVIS of Illinois): H.R. 6110. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the review and adjustment of payments under the Medicare outpatient prospective payment system to avoid financial incentives to use opioids instead of nonopioid alternative treatments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BABIN (for himself, Mr. CONAWAY , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. BRADY of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. WILLIAMS , and Mr. C ARTERof Texas): H.R. 6111. A bill to amend the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 with respect to high priority corridors on the National Highway System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for herself and Mr. MARSHALL ): H.R. 6112. A bill to amend the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 to make institutions of higher education eligible for assistance for community food projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. DIAZBALART (for himself, Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. AMODEI , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mrs. D EMINGS , and Ms. MENG): H.R. 6113. A bill to establish new ZIP codes for certain communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. F ASO, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Ms. K USTER of New 
Hampshire, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. K ILMER , Mrs. DINGELL , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. NADLER , Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. KINGof Iowa, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. MOORE , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. MALONEY of New York, Ms. M ENG, Ms. ESTY of Connecticut, Mr. SERRANO , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. P ETER SON, Mr. K EATING , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. GROTHMAN , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. KIND, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. TEDLIEU of California): H.R. 6114. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to eliminate the waiting periods for disability insurance benefits and Medicare coverage for individuals with metastatic breast cancer, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself and Mr. MARINO ): H.R. 6115. A bill to amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to include an act of unregulated custody transfer in the definition of child abuse and neglect, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MOOLENAAR (for himself, Mr. AMASH , Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. HUIZENGA , Mr. K ILDEE , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. TROTT , Mr. U PTON , and Mr. WALBERG ): H.R. 6116. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 362 North Ross Street in Beaverton, Michigan, as the ‘‘Colonel Alfred Asch Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. RICHMOND (for himself, Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. JEFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSONof Texas, and Mr. D ESAULNIER ): H.R. 6117. A bill to provide for the establishment of Medicare part E public health plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROUZER: H.R. 6118. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to annually designate at least one city in the United States as an ‘‘American World War II Heritage City’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. ROUZER: H.R. 6119. A bill to remove the red wolf from the list of endangered and threatened wildlife for North Carolina, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 6120. A bill to establish a competitive grant program for parent engagement that would focus on the development, implementation, and evaluation of programs designed to increase capacity of parents to demonstrate and teach children social and emotional skills and of teachers to work with parents to develop these skills; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia (for himself, Mr. MARSHALL , Mr. G OODLATTE , and Mr. S OTO): H.R. 6121. A bill to modernize the authority of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to conduct research, development, demonstration, and information programs; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania (for himself and Ms. TSONGAS ): H. Res. 941. A resolution recognizing the importance of public park and recreation facilities and activities and expressing support for the designation of the month of July as ‘‘Park and Recreation Month’’; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. DEUTCH , and Ms. FRANKEL of Florida): H. Res. 942. A resolution expressing support for the honoring of the City Commission of the City of Lauderdale Lakes, Broward County, Florida; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. NORTON , Mr. POCAN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. MCNERNEY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. TITUS, Mr. K HANNA , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. POLIS, Mr. C APUANO , and Mr. CORREA ): H. Res. 943. A resolution urging action to increase equity within the legal cannabis marketplace; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. TORRES (for herself and Mr. SMITH of New Jersey): H. Res. 944. A resolution expressing solidarity with and sympathy for the people of Guatemala after the June 3, 2018, eruption of the Fuego Volcano; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. MCKINLEY ): H. Res. 945. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that highperformance buildings improve the quality of life for millions of individuals, produce a more resilient and sustainable world for current and future generations, reduce operating costs, and improve the productivity, comfort, and health of occupants, and expressing support for designating the week of June 11 through June 15, 2018, as ‘‘HighPerformance Building Week’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK: H.R. 6101. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California: H.R. 6102. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Artice I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6103. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States;. . .’’ By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 6104. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. BACON: H.R. 6105. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, paragraph 3, granting Congress power to regulate interstate commerce. By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 6106. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 6107. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: H.R. 6108. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 6109. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mrs. WALORSKI: H.R. 6110. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. BABIN: H.R. 6111. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 6112. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Art. 1, Sec. 8 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. DIAZBALART: H.R. 6113. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. KING of New York: H.R. 6114. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 1 The Congress shall have power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States 
By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 6115. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. MOOLENAAR: H.R. 6116. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following : Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7: To establish Post Offices and post Roads; By Mr. RICHMOND: H.R. 6117. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is introduced pursuant to the powers granted to Congress under the General Welfare Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 1), the Commerce Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 3), and the Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 18). Further, this statement of constitutional authority is made for the sole purpose of compliance with clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives and shall have no bearing on judicial review of the accompanying bill. By Mr. ROUZER: H.R. 6118. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following : Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. ROUZER: H.R. 6119. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 6120. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following : Article 1, Section 8: To Make Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United Sates, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: H.R. 6121. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 6: Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 99: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 200: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 233: Mr. KILMER , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 237: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 392: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 398: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 809: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 810: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 816: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 930: Mr. BANKS of Indiana. H.R. 959: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 980: Mr. BROWN of Maryland. H.R. 1057: Mr. GOODLATTE . H.R. 1171: Mr. WITTMAN , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 1213: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 1221: Mr. BUCHANAN . H.R. 1251: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 1267: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 1272: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1300: Ms. BROWNLEY of California and Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 1318: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1341: Mr. KIND. H.R. 1374: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 1421: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 1456: Mr. KENNEDY and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 1550: Mrs. NOEM. H.R. 1651: Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. ELLISON , Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 1661: Mr. BARRand Ms. M ENG. H.R. 1783: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1881: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 2043: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2044: Mr. MCEACHIN . H.R. 2092: Mr. MARCHANT . H.R. 2106: Mr. KINGof New York, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 2150: Mr. TURNER . H.R. 2358: Mr. CONAWAY , Ms. H ERRERA  BEUTLER , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. KATKO , Mr. D IAZBALART , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Mr. C URBELO  of Florida, Mr. WALDEN , Mr. H ILL, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. F ASO, Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. STIVERS , Mr. C URTIS , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. R OSS, Mr. M CGOVERN, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. HIGGINS of New York, and Mrs. D AVIS of California. H.R. 2550: Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 2598: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 2651: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 2735: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 2840: Mr. HIMES and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 3032: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3286: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3349: Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 3378: Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 3626: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 3637: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 3684: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 3742: Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Ms. B ASS. H.R. 3861: Mrs. NOEMand Mr. B RAT. H.R. 3923: Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. K ELLY of Illi nois, Mr. CROWLEY , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. O’ROURKE , and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 3956: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 3984: Mrs. LOWEY . H.R. 4077: Mr. PANETTA and Mr. B ACON . H.R. 4114: Mr. SOTOand Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 4126: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 4186: Mrs. LOWEY . H.R. 4229: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 4306: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 4345: Mr. MOULTON , Mr. A GUILAR , and Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 4483: Mr. DESJARLAIS . H.R. 4536: Mr. KIND. H.R. 4633: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 4647: Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. CUELLAR . H.R. 4649: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 4732: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 4819: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 4940: Ms. NORTON and Mr. G ALLEGO . H.R. 4953: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 4983: Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. H.R. 5115: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 5129: Mr. MOOLENAAR , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. RASKIN , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 5132: Mr. BUCK, Mr. C RIST, Mr. M ARSHALL , and Mr. M OOLENAAR . H.R. 5248: Mr. KILDEE . H.R. 5282: Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas and Mr. TURNER . H.R. 5306: Ms. MENG and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 5332: Mr. GRIFFITH . H.R. 5358: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 5409: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 5460: Mr. BYRNE and Mr. E SPAILLAT . H.R. 5467: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 5497: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia and Mr. KILMER . H.R. 5500: Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. B ERGMAN , and Mr. JONES . H.R. 5509: Mrs. LESKO . H.R. 5510: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 5588: Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. BASS, Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. N ORTON, and Mr. C ORREA . H.R. 5621: Mr. RASKIN and Mr. V ISCLOSKY . H.R. 5658: Mr. SMUCKER . H.R. 5671: Mr. KING of New York, Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 5693: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico and Mr. CORREA . H.R. 5701: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 5753: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5761: Mr. RUSHand Ms. E STYof Con necticut. H.R. 5773: Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 5818: Mr. KENNEDY and Mr. F ASO. H.R. 5880: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 5885: Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Ms. S HEAPORTER, and Mr. S WALWELL of California. H.R. 5922: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 5924: Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. M AST, Mr. POEof Texas, and Mrs. H ANDEL . H.R. 5948: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana, Ms. C HENEY , and Mr. BABIN. H.R. 5949: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana, and Ms. C HENEY . H.R. 5986: Mr. MESSER , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEYof Florida, and Mr. K NIGHT . H.R. 5987: Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. RUSH, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 5988: Mr. LOUDERMILK and Mr. J ODYB. HICEof Georgia. H.R. 5990: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 6008: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 6014: Mr. VISCLOSKY and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 6016: Ms. BROWNLEY of California and Ms. LEE. H.R. 6018: Mr. HUDSON and Mr. C HABOT . H.R. 6028: Mr. SIRES. H.R. 6033: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 6043: Mr. COFFMAN and Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 6048: Mr. MCGOVERN , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. CA´RDENAS , and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 6069: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 6075: Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. NORTON , Mr. R USH, and Mrs. N APOLITANO . H.R. 6079: Mr. MULLIN . H.R. 6080: Mr. KIHUEN , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. SERRANO , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. RASKIN , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 6082: Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 6084: Mr. LAHOODand Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 6086: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. H.R. 6088: Mr. LAMALFA . H.J. Res. 33: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia. H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H. Con. Res. 123: Mr. KEATING . H. Res. 188: Mr. LATTA . H. Res. 732: Ms. MCSALLY . H. Res. 776: Mr. MCGOVERN . H. Res. 834: Mr. SUOZZI . H. Res. 861: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H. Res. 888: Ms. ROSEN , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. SOTO, Ms. M ENG, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. SMITH of Washington. H. Res. 915: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H. Res. 920: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia. H. Res. 926: Ms. TITUS. H. Res. 927: Mr. EVANS , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. BERA, and Mr. P AYNE . H. Res. 930: Mr. STEWART and Mr. R ASKIN . H. Res. 933: Mr. COHEN . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3929 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 14, 2018 No. 99 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by 