Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remind everyone that the enrollment period to sign up for 2019 health plans on healthcare.gov, and in many States like my home State of 
Maryland, ends in just 3 days. That is Saturday, December 15. I have often said that voting for the Affordable Care Act was the most important vote of my career. When Congress passed the Affordable Care Act in 2010, we enshrined into law the promise that all Americans have a right to accessible and affordable health insurance coverage in this great country. By strengthening the individual health insurance market, protecting people with preexisting conditions, and expanding Medicaid, we brought this promise closer to reality. We promised that individuals would not have to worry about affording health insurance or paying outrageous rates because of preexisting conditions. We safeguarded access to care for people who need it by preventing health insurance providers from placing limits on their coverage. Because of the ACA, individuals and families across this country do not have to live with the daily fear of financial disaster they could face if they got sick while they were uninsured. In total, approximately 20 million Americans gained health insurance coverage as a result of the ACA. During the November election, the American people reminded us that they want their elected officials to protect their access to affordable healthcare. In my home State of Maryland, the uninsured population is at an alltime low of 6.1 percent. As more people have gotten coverage, the cost of uncompensated care in Maryland hospitals has gone down by $400 million from 2013 to 2017. The open enrollment period that is quickly coming to a close in many States is the only time during which people can act to protect themselves and their families by purchasing coverage through healthcare.gov or their State health insurance marketplace. Quality health plans for 2019 are more affordable than many people may realize. Eight in ten people using healthcare.gov qualify for financial assistance, meaning that most people can find a health plan with a premium of less than $75 per month. According to data released by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services through December 1, enrollment is down 11 percent on the Federal exchange compared to last year. I am proud that Maryland has embraced the ACA to help people in our State secure the coverage they need to keep their families healthy and safe. I am proud of all the hard work the Maryland Health Connection continues to do to make it easier for people to get enrolled. The Trump administration has focused their efforts on sabotaging the ACA by making it harder for Americans to sign up for coverage through actions such as shortening the enrollment period, slashing funding for marketing and outreach programs, and lowering spending by more than 80 percent on local inperson assistance through the navigator program. Because of these efforts, there is fear about the future of ACA. I want to make one thing very clear: The ACA is not going anywhere, despite the efforts of the Trump administration to sabotage this law. Please know that I intend to do everything in my power to keep the ACA intact and to make sure that people have health coverage that is meaningful, affordable, and accessible. So, Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone in the next 3 days to discuss your options and find out how to get the best plan for you as an individual and for your family. Everyone deserves access to healthcare that will improve their lives. Healthcare is a right, not a privilege, and I pledge to do my part to protect that right. 
WHY OUR BORDER MATTERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, every nation has a natural right and a fundamental responsibility to determine who is admitted within its borders. This is what defines a country and ultimately determines whether its culture, customs, and institutions will endure. The unique qualities that develop within each country’s borders naturally make some countries more desirable places to live than others. These differences drive immigration patterns. The more successful a nation, the greater the demand to immigrate to it, and ours is the most successful in human history. Most of the world’s 7
1⁄2billion people live in violent and impoverished conditions, and it is no wonder that they find the United States an attractive alternative. Yet uncontrolled and indiscriminate immigration from those countries to ours risks importing the same undesirable conditions that encouraged their immigration in the first place. History offers us many examples of great civilizations that have succumbed to this paradox, and the current crisis on our southern border poses a fundamental test of whether ours may join them. America has traditionally welcomed the truly persecuted who have escaped to our shores, but what is unfolding today makes a mockery of our asylum laws. This was not a peaceful caravan of asylum seekers, as many have attempted to portray. A caravan is a group of people traveling legally and peacefully through a foreign land. An invasion is a group of people attempting to violate a nation’s border by force, whether by military or mob action. The vast majority camped on our southern border are militaryaged males. Authorities have already identified roughly 600 as known criminals, and Mexican law enforcement has reportedly arrested roughly 100 for crimes committed in their country. The fact that this force has attacked both Mexican and U.S. law enforcement, with several injuries reported, contradicts any claims that, as a group, they come with peaceful intent. Nor are they asylum seekers in any conventional sense. No doubt many are nonviolent and simply caught up in the group dynamic of a mob. But poverty and violence in a country does not entitle every person in it to enter ours. Asylum is reserved for those who have been specifically targeted for harm by their own government based on their race, religion, nationality, political opinion, or social group, and who have entered directly into our country from their own. In these instances, asylum is reached by crossing a border and accomplishing separation from that government. A Central American arriving in Mexico has already achieved this and, therefore, has no call on asylum in any other country. The appropriate request to make is to the Government of Mexico, a request some have already made and Mexico has granted. Nothing succeeds like success. If this group is allowed to muscle its way into the United States, we can expect many and still larger groups to follow. If anything, this crisis should emphasize the importance of completing the border wall that Congress first authorized in 1996 and President Trump is desperately trying to construct. A forceful incursion of our border can be repelled only by applying equal or greater force. That is a recipe for violence and bloodshed. The physical separation provided by a wall can prevent that. b1015 It not only protects the officers who place their lives on the line in defense of our law, it also protects the lawbreakers themselves from the violent conduct that their behavior otherwise would make inevitable. Orderly immigration, regulated by law and protected by secure borders, is a prerequisite to a civilized and prosperous nation. If our immigration laws are not enforced, then our borders become meaningless and America becomes a vast, open territory between Canada and Mexico susceptible to every social, political, and economic disorder brought to it. This seems to be the ultimate aim of the American left and its powerful chorus in the media. We are fortunate in this crisis to have a President obedient to his constitutional command to ‘‘take care that the laws be faithfully executed.’’ In the remaining days of this session, Congress has a responsibility to give him the tools to do so. It remains one of the great remaining tests of the 115th Congress. 
GIFT TO AMERICAN PEOPLE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, today, I remind my colleagues of a President who reminded us of the shining city on a Hill. I remind our colleagues of a President who led us to a kinder and gentler society. So I am stunned to hear the President speak of claiming to be asking for the government to be shut down. This is a season where many in our Nation draw together with families and worship and celebrate. It is a very honored time. People of the Christian faith are engaged in the recognition and acknowledgment of the birth of baby Jesus. It is a holy time. It is a time when families need resources. Government workers need to ensure that their families are provided for, but also we must ensure that our government is provided for. I thank the Speakerelect and the Democratic leader in the Senate, the other body, for recognizing that we do not want a shutdown. To those who speak of the necessity of a wall, let me speak as a Representative of a border State who has been to the border so many times, I cannot count. I count those on the border, among many of the States, as friends, having been to every border State. I will say to the American people: There is no foreign war or attack at the southern border. We have a northern border as well, and I have been there. There is no wall there. The only thing that is at the southern border are mothers and children living in desperate, devastating, and disgusting conditions, and unaccompanied children fleeing from the decapitation of their brothers or fathers, fleeing politically because they disagree with the viciousness of cartels and refuse to accept their membership. That is where America’s best angels come in, when we rise to the higher occasion of giving refuge and opportunity to those who are fleeing political persecution. Here is how we do it. We process asylum seekers. We do not undermine their process. They are fleeing for their lives. To juxtapose a stagnant wall to the lives of those fleeing political persecution is untenable. It is crucial that we design a comprehensive immigration reform policy. It is crucial that the acknowledgment that barriers of certain kinds—technology and personnel—can be a successful formula to ensure the safety and security of the American people. But at the same time, I insist that we regulate or bring into regular order Dreamers, who are firefighters, soldiers, lawyers, doctors, and family members throughout the Nation. Where is the call for that? It is important that we remain a nation that people flee to because of the wonderful values of democracy, the underpinnings of the dignity of all people. It is sad at this time that we have not come to that conclusion in a bipartisan manner. So I extend the olive branch. What are we doing for the Dreamers? Why is it not reasonable to construct a funding process or scheme or formula that ensures that kind of bipartisanship and security? Let me also encourage my colleagues to join me in working in a bipartisan way to pass the Violence Against Women Act. We are reaching out. It is a crucial initiative. Right now, there are family members dying at the hands of domestic violence. There are law enforcement officers, including my own chief, who asked me about the funding of the STOP grants that are utilized for organizations that will protect these families subjected to violence, such as Native Americans, with healthcare for VAWA victims and ensuring that the person who has already been convicted of abuse does not have random access to a weapon, which is the weapon of choice that kills a family member. Finally, let me say I hope that we can bring, Mr. Speaker, conclusion to a sentencing and prison reform bill that I have worked very hard on. Why not give a gift to the American people—not a shutdown, but a bipartisan step, one by one, to make America an even greater country than it already is? 
EXPRESSING GRATITUDE FOR OPPORTUNITY TO SERVE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) for 5 minutes. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to give my final speech in the United States House of Representatives to express my gratitude for the opportunity to serve the people of Arizona’s Second Congressional District. It has been a tremendous honor to deploy here to the people’s House over the past 4 years as an advocate and champion for Tucson, Sierra Vista, Douglas, Bisbee, and all the other amazing communities in southeastern Arizona. I am grateful to my dedicated staff in Arizona, who were omnipresent in our community and fought for constituents who needed help with Federal bureaucracies. They were able to solve nearly 6,000 cases, returning nearly $2.5 million to seniors, veterans, and others— money that was rightfully theirs in the first place. This is one of the most meaningful and impactful parts of our job. My D.C. staff tirelessly helped push our legislative initiatives forward. Because of them, we saved the A–10 Warthog, put the Douglas port of entry project on the map, kept the Cherrybell postal processing facility open, fasttracked our veterans for jobs at the border, opened Arlington again to our World War II female pilot heroes, improved mental health access, stopped a harmful tax increase on seniors and the middle class, led bipartisan efforts to break the gridlock on healthcare, border security, immigration, and so much more. A heartfelt thanks to all my staff, but especially those who were with me all 4 years: my chief, Justin Roth; district director, C.J. Karamargin; LD, Pace McMullan, and deputy district director, Rosa Ruiz. As I reflect on my two terms in the House, I will cherish many memories from this time of service. I was honored to have a front row seat to history here in our Nation’s Capitol. I will never forget sitting next to an American hero, SAMJOHNSON , on the day I was sworn in, or being on this floor as two Presidents delivered their State of the Union speeches and when Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Pope Francis addressed a joint session of Congress. I was blessed to pay final respects to American icons like Senator John McCain, Reverend Billy Graham, and President George H.W. Bush in the sacred grounds in the Capitol rotunda. To my fellow Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle, those who have been here awhile and those who will be sworn in soon, I humbly ask that you never forget the privilege it is to serve here and why you are here. Membership in this body is a precious opportunity. Don’t take it lightly, and don’t squander it. It is not about us. As soon as we leave here, this institution will move on and, candidly, few will remember us. Use the time wisely. We have been entrusted to solve our Nation’s problems and chart its course for a better future. Do the right thing. Do it for the right reasons. And get things done. This is why we are here. The people of our great country—the people each of us represent—often have very different views on how to solve our challenges, the proper role of our government, and the priorities for our limited resources. Reconciling these differences requires rigorous and robust debate, both in this Chamber and outside of it. Disagreements are inevitable, but we can and should set the example to disagree without being disagreeable. Our challenge is, then, to find the sometimes very tiny sliver of common ground where we can agree and govern. I am particularly proud of the fact that every one of the five bills I introduced that were signed into law had bipartisan support. Lastly, and most importantly, to my constituents: In my time as your Representative, I deeply valued meeting with you all over our incredible district—at schools, senior centers, small businesses, nonprofits, military bases, medical facilities, farms, ranches, and other places—to hear about the challenges that you have along with the opportunities to make an impact with your lives that only come in America. You inspired me and fueled my purpose here. 
I represent a diverse and amazing district. These are Americans with real issues, real problems, and real dreams who are not concerned with what party we belong to or what ads we run every 2 years. They care that we care and that we are here to serve not only ourselves, but our country and them. Our democracy requires that our time here be spent in humility, dedication, and pride: pride to fight for those who can’t, pride to work for those who are unable, pride to push back against the bureaucracy that frequently stands in the way and hampers their ability to conduct their business and live their lives. I stand here today proud of the work we did in these 4 short years, but more proud of the people who sent me here: the citizens of Arizona’s Second Congressional District. Thank you for the opportunity and the honor to serve you. To my successor, Ann Kirkpatrick, I wish you all the best as you are sworn in to serve our amazing and inspiring community. God bless you all and God bless America. 
RECOGNIZING 15 YEARS OF PEPFAR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, on December 1, we commemorated World AIDS Day, celebrating our many accomplishments in the fight against HIV/AIDS around the globe. One important program for which we are also celebrating 15 years of success this year is PEPFAR. Mr. Speaker, before Congress enacted PEPFAR, the HIV rates were skyrocketing, especially across the developing world. New cases of HIV infection were outstripping AIDS deaths by more than 60 percent. Serving in the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, we followed this issue closely, hearing from advocates and administration officials on what to do. There was an almost unchallenged notion that we were about to lose a whole generation in subSaharan Africa. It just seemed to be an utterly hopeless situation. In 2003, our tremendous leader, President George W. Bush, called on us in Congress to take action in responding to this global crisis, and I am proud that we swiftly answered the President’s call. Today, there are over 14 million people receiving HIV treatment globally, and over 2 million babies born HIVfree to HIVpositive women—simply astounding. PEPFAR morphed from an emergency plan to a sustainable program, and I am so glad that USAID is at the helm of this lifesaving program. Since his time as Ambassador to Tanzania, USAID Administrator Mark Green has had a cleareyed strategy to address the challenges posed by the HIV/AIDS epidemic. What he has done has reinvigorated this program. We are so proud as Americans of what PEPFAR has achieved. It is something that we need in order to continue to be a global leader against the HIV pandemic. I will never forget standing in the Oval Office as President George W. Bush signed this essential program, PEPFAR, into law. I hope that my colleagues continue to protect and strengthen this vital program. I am also proud of the many organizations like the One Campaign that, day in and day out, are working to get us closer to our goal of an AIDSfree generation. b1030 RECOGNIZING THE SIMON FAMILY  
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Simon family of Key Biscayne for their exemplary work on the yettobenamed park located in my congressional district at 401 Hampton Lane in Key Biscayne, the first neighborhood park for their community. I would like to thank Arielle Simon, the horticulture adviser; Brett Simon, the architectural designer; and their father, Steven Simon, the project coordinator, who worked tirelessly as volunteers to see this vision into fruition. This is not just any park; it is not just any effort. In an editorial, the community, newspaper, The Islander News, wrote: 
The park, put simply, is beautiful—but the story behind it is even more so. 
From the beginning, Steven, who has a history of effective community leadership, saw an opportunity to work with local elected officials to tackle a problem which they inherited. Steven brought in his daughter, Arielle, who worked at Miami’s renowned botanical garden and became a certified horticulturist, and his son, Brett, who has a master’s degree in architecture and craftsmanship education in furniture design, and other volunteers and seasoned professionals. Together, they all worked as a team, drafting proposals and securing the necessary funds to see this project through. And here is how the Simon family beautifully described and included south Florida limestone in their proposal. They said: 
We incorporated that natural material in our park design so that, metaphorically, we bring the bedrock upon which this island community of shifting sands was founded to the surface. Functionally and aesthetically, limestone is an integral part of our creation of a gathering place . . . in our first neighborhood park. 
The story, which is well documented in Key Biscayne’s Islander News over the past 3 years, truly shows what is possible when people come together with a desire and a drive to do something positive for the betterment of their community. I invite all of my congressional colleagues to come to Key Biscayne and visit that island paradise and especially to see this park for yourself. f 
THANKING THE PEOPLE OF NEW YORK’S 19TH DISTRICT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. FASO) for 5 minutes. Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to give my thanks to the people of the 19th Congressional District for giving me the honor of serving them in the House over these past 2 years. I ran for Congress focused on how I could make a difference for the people of our district. It is no secret that upstate New York has been in a long, protracted period of economic decline, with many families and businesses choosing to leave due to high taxes and few employment opportunities. As such, my focus upon taking office was how we can make upstate more economically competitive while, at the same time, making sure that our citizens, businesses, and local governments have an active voice representing their interests before the Federal Government. I listened to the people across the district—firefighters and emergency responders, law enforcement, educators, business owners, and average working families—who told me of the issues that we face: the opioid crisis, the highest property taxes in the Nation, the exodus of people and jobs from upstate New York. A primary focus of mine was the opioid crisis. This issue has devastated and destroyed countless lives across our Nation. I was pleased to have become the primary sponsor of legislation in the House. Working with my colleague from Michigan, MIKEBISHOP , we successfully enacted major opioid legislation, which included the STOP Act. This legislation will crack down on the flow of illegal drugs, such as fentanyl, coming into the U.S. from places like China through the U.S. Postal Service. The STOP Act is now law, and I am proud to have had a role in its passage. Agriculture is another major concern in the 19th District. Serving on the House Agriculture Committee, we have lowered the cost and increased the flexibility of dairy risk management programs, fought for better documentation to protect the sanctity of organic agriculture, made it easier for veterans to transition into agriculture, and supported increased broadband and cell service, which is critically important in our rural areas. I have also led on two initiatives which are critical to the economic health of upstate New York. My legislation, offered with other members of the New York delegation, would finally have ended our State’s policy of imposing a share of Medicaid costs from Albany onto local property taxpayers. 
This mandate is so significant that just the county government taxpayers in New York State pay more in State mandated Medicaid costs than local taxpayers in the 49 other States combined. People are fleeing upstate New York because of high property taxes, and New York’s Medicaid mandate is one of the reasons for that exodus. The second initiative which I advanced was to preempt the absolute liability standard for gravityrelated construction site accidents on federally funded projects. Again, New York stands alone among the 50 States in this absolute liability standard. The fact is, this standard doesn’t protect workers and adds approximately 7 percent to the cost of every building project in our State. With multibilliondollar projects like Gateway needing Federal support, it is critical that we use the preemption power to finally end this waste of taxpayer dollars and use those savings to rebuild and repair more infrastructure. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I must comment on the state of our political discourse in the United States. We all need to renew our efforts to conduct our debates on public issues in a civil and respectful fashion. There is no doubt that the fragmented media and a general decline of standards has coarsened our public debate. There is plenty of blame to go around for this situation. I encourage all those who hold elected office to recognize that we hold a sacred trust from the American people. We should uphold this responsibility in an honorable and dignified fashion and renew our efforts to improve the quality of public debate in the United States. In doing so, we will renew our commitment to make a more perfect union. Moreover, we will give honor to those who have sacrificed to win and maintain these freedoms which we cherish. The Constitution is forever our guide, and we should always remain true to it. We must also continue to promote individual liberty, the rule of law, and the dignity of all of our citizens. These are the characteristics of America that make ours a truly great Nation. May God continue to bless the United States of America. 
CAESAR SYRIA CIVILIAN PROTECTION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KINZINGER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, we have got a lot of really important issues we talk about every day out here. I want to talk about something that is happening a few thousand miles away but affects us all. I want to talk about what is going on in Syria. Mr. Speaker, I remember back, I think, in 2011 being in Israel and standing in the Golan Heights and looking over towards Syria, and our guide at the time made the comment that there is a little disturbance over there. There was some concern about where that was going to lead, and we all know what has happened since. There is a lot of attention focused on Yemen right now, but in Syria there are 500,000 Syrian civilians who have been killed by a brutal dictator, Bashar alAssad, 50,000 of which are children. Some of those children, in spectacular displays, were murdered by the use of chemical weapons, and I give great credit to our President and this administration for responding, as an America that believes in morals and strength should, by bombing and destroying some of the facilities that did that and holding to our red line. But the war hasn’t stopped, and the egregious nature of the war continues. I actually believe that the nature of that war is creating another generation of terrorists, people who feel that they don’t have hope, people who feel that they don’t have opportunity. And when hope and opportunity don’t exist, people turn to extremes, and this is one case. I want to talk specifically, though, about a really sad situation, a lady from Chicago, an American citizen, Layla Shweikani, who was murdered by the Assad regime. She was Chicago born and, a few years ago, basically made the decision that she had a passion for the people of Syria and decided to go and be an aide worker in Eastern Ghouta. Two years ago she disappeared. We know that she was put into Assad’s prison camps and tortured for 10 months—an American, by the way—before being transferred to a military court. Unfortunately, a few weeks ago our worst fears were confirmed: Miss Layla was actually tortured to death and executed on December 28, 2016, the first American we know who was tortured and killed by Bashar alAssad. We know there are other Americans in captivity, and we know this is something that needs to be addressed. Mr. Speaker, there are some in our Government, in this Chamber and in the other Chamber, that express sympathy to Bashar alAssad and believe the antiquated theory that oppression of civilians is the only way to prevent terrorism. I would argue that, in an age of information, in an age of knowledge, oppression only leads to more terrorists. Oppression leads to hopelessness, to a lack of opportunity, and to turning to the only option they know at that time, which may be ISIS or alQaida, because they don’t see any other opportunity or hope. Mr. Speaker, these people in our Government who express sympathy, while I believe that is something they have to answer with their creator ultimately someday, I am curious now what the response of everybody is when we find out that an American woman was tortured and killed in the prison camps of Assad. We have a bill called the Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act. Caesar was a brave hero from Syria who took tens of thousands of pictures of torture victims of Assad, smuggled them to the United States, brought them in front of my committee in Foreign Affairs, and showed some of these pictures. There was an act that would sanction many members of the regime that was passed unanimously out of Foreign Affairs, passed out of the House, largely supported in the Senate, and is being held up by a junior Senator from Kentucky. I call on the other side of this blessed Capitol to pass the Caesar Syrian Civilian Protection Act. I call on the administration—as they said they support this—to sign this, put this on the Resolute desk. We talk a lot about the importance of women and equality, and I couldn’t agree more; but in that debate, I think it is important to remember that, in Syria, an American civilian woman was tortured to death. We look in places like Afghanistan and know the oppression of women that occurred there. We know that America stands for something greater, and it is not just through the use of the military but through what we believe and what we stand for and the light that we shine. Mr. Speaker, this is a terrible situation, Miss Layla’s death, but let us learn from it and let us go forward, and let the people of Syria be free. f 
ONE DAY AT A TIME The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, once again I rise, and still I rise, a proud American, always proud to have the preeminent privilege of standing in the well of the Congress of the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I rise today reflecting upon the words, the lyrics, if you will, of a song that many of us have heard. The lyrics, as I paraphrase them, are: 
One day at a time, one day at a time, sweet Jesus. One day at a time. Just help me to make, just help me to take, one day at a time. 
Many of us who are sons of the segregated South survived, to a certain extent, understanding the lyrics of ‘‘One Day At a Time,’’ knowing that, if you just take one day at a time, it can become a lifetime. Sons of the segregated South learned early that they had to compromise. I saw something on television yesterday that caused me to reflect on all of these things, Mr. Speaker, when I saw a President who was born into plenty, not poverty, a President who was born with a pat hand, a President who was born into a life unlike that of the sons of the segregated South who were African American, who understand how to 
negotiate and what negotiation is all about—of necessity they do. Not all, but generally speaking they do. I saw a President yesterday, Mr. Speaker, who proclaims himself to be a great negotiator. Mr. Speaker, yesterday it was revealed to many of us that what he sees as negotiation is dictation, a President who sees compromise as capitulation for the other side, who has always walked into his opportunities, if you will, knowing that the other side would have to give in or he would muscle his way over them. b1045 Well, I am proud to say that two Members of the Congress of the United States of America, the House and the Senate—it is what the Congress consists of—two Members stood their ground. Speaker PELOSI —and I say Speaker PELOSI because once you are a Speaker, you are always a Speaker— and Minority Leader SCHUMER did not allow themselves to be dictated to. They understand that compromise is the methodology by which we can realize significant change. I am proud of the two of them, and I am proud to say to you that, as a son of the segregated South, I saw hope when I saw them take a stand for the American people, take a stand for justice, take a stand for the great ideals that we all stand upon. One day at a time, Mr. President, one day at a time, and we will have dealt with all of the great issues of our time. But I am proud to know that you will find, Mr. President, that negotiation is more than your being a dictator, that you are going to have to compromise if you want to realize some of the great things that we have to accomplish. Mr. Speaker, I thank you for the time, and I thank the creator of all of creation for giving me this one more day, and I pray that I will do better today than I did yesterday because I still see life as one day at a time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President of the United States. 
HONORING SERGEANT DYLAN ELCHIN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Air Force Staff Sergeant Dylan James Elchin, who gave his life for our country on November 27, 2018, while serving in Afghanistan. Dylan was born in 1993 and raised in western Pennsylvania, graduating from Hopewell High School in 2012. Military service was already calling him at a young age as he read of special operations when he was 14 years old. He enlisted upon graduating from high school. The commanding officer of Dylan’s 26th Special Tactics Squadron said Dylan ‘‘had an unusual drive to succeed and contribute to the team. He displayed maturity and stoicism beyond his years and was always level headed, no matter the situation.’’ Dylan leaves behind a grieving fiancee and family, and we as a nation, more than 300 million strong, must now stand behind them and all who have fallen for our country. May Dylan rest in the peace of God, and may his fiancee and family know his tender mercies. HONORING ARMY SERGEANT JASON MCCLARY  
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Army Sergeant Jason Mitchell McClary, a western Pennsylvania native who gave the ultimate sacrifice while serving in the line of duty. Sergeant McClary grew up in Export, Pennsylvania. He and his wife, Lillie, graduated from Kiski Area High School in 2013. A true patriot as a student, Jason dreamed of serving his country. In January 2014, he achieved his dream and enlisted in the Army. Jason went on to serve in Iraq and Afghanistan, earning two Purple Hearts and three Army Commendation Medals, including one for valor and one for combat. Tragically, this courageous soldier was taken from us too soon. On November 27, 2018, Jason was injured from an IED explosion and died 5 days later, leaving behind two little sons, a heartbroken wife, and a grieving community of family and friends. Jason is fondly remembered as a loving father, devoted husband, and hardworking soldier. May the good Lord welcome home this son of western Pennsylvania with open arms, and may He bless Jason’s family with peace and consolation. 
RECOGNIZING CONGRESSMAN GREGG HARPER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my colleague and friend Chairman GREGG HARPER for his service to Mississippi’s Third Congressional District in the House of Representatives. GREGG and I were elected to Congress in the same year, 2008, and we were friends from the start. And while he will retire at the end of this year, his contributions will be long remembered. At the beginning of the 115th Congress, GREGG was selected by the Speaker of the House to serve as chairman of the House Administration Committee. He has had vast oversight and administrative responsibilities in the House and other institutions. Perhaps most notably, GREGG worked to completely overhaul House policies and implement mandatory sexual harassment training for everyone from Members to interns. He worked to change the culture on the Hill, and he said: ‘‘It has to be understood that taxpayers are not going to be responsible for someone’s bad behavior.’’ And that is GREGG HARPER , a man of high character, always working to do the right thing. GREGG has also dedicated much of his congressional life to that of advocating for those with intellectual disabilities. Mr. Speaker, 8 years ago, he founded the Congressional Internship Program for Individuals with Intellectual Disabilities. This program partners with George Mason University’s LIFE Program to connect students with disabilities to congressional offices for a semester long internship. Students get to help office staff with administrative tasks, special projects, and they truly become part of the team. When GREGG started the program, just 5 congressional offices participated. Today, there are nearly 200 House and Senate offices that host student interns. GREGG , whose son, Livingston, has special needs, designed this program to not only give students exposure to Capitol Hill offices, but also to give Members and staffers the experience of working with individuals who are living with various types of disabilities. My office continues to participate in this program, and we have hosted many students from George Mason University. It has been a wonderful experience for me and my staff, and I encourage all my colleagues to join the program next Congress. Mr. Speaker, it will be bittersweet for me to say goodbye to my friend GREGG HARPER , but he has left his mark on this institution, and his contributions will be remembered for generations to come. GREGG will return to Mississippi to spend more time with his wife, Sidney, their children, and his first grandbaby, a little boy named Lee. Chairman HARPERis being promoted to Grandpa H ARPER, and I know that that will be his greatest role yet. I wish him the best in his next chapter of life. 
PERMANENTLY FUNDING SUPPORT FOR 9/11 FIRST RESPONDERS AND THEIR FAMILIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of our 9/11 first responders and their families, urging all Members of Congress to support passage of the Never Forget the Heroes Act, H.R. 7062, which would permanently fund the 9/11 Victims Compensation Fund and extend its authorization to 2090. Regardless of party affiliation and regardless of which district or State you come from, it is imperative that right out of the gate of the next Congress, starting next month, that this legislation is immediately passed and sent to the President to become law. 
First responders who worked on the pile day and night, aiding in the search, rescue, and cleanup efforts, were breathing in toxic debris and ash that are now known to have caused over 50 different types of cancer. James Zadroga was one of those fearless leaders. He was also the first NYPD officer whose death, in 2006, was connected to toxic exposure at the World Trade Center site. The James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act was later signed into law in 2011 to help our 9/11 first responders. Mr. Speaker, 5 years later, the Zadroga Act was permanently reauthorized and included $4.6 million for the 9/11 Victims Compensation Fund over 5 years, which was established to provide compensation for the victims of 9/11 and their families. However, we are hearing from the special master of the fund that this funding ‘‘may be insufficient to compensate all claims.’’ Representing a district just over 50 miles from Ground Zero, fighting for the Americans affected on September 11 isn’t just my job—it is personal. Whether it is losing a loved one or knowing someone who volunteered on the pile, each and every one of my constituents, including myself, has been affected. Before Congress passed the permanent reauthorization of the Zadroga Act, I vividly recall so many first responders who had fallen ill were forced to come to our Nation’s Capitol and beg for the benefits they rightfully earned. These 9/11 first responders lived not only in New York, but in 433 of the 435 congressional districts across this country. This isn’t just a New York issue. This isn’t a Democratic or Republican Party platform or political football. This is a responsibility we all shoulder as Americans, first and foremost. It is the spirit of our Nation, and it is who we are as a people. These were the very men and women who, in the face of evil, were willing to put it all on the line to help save their fellow Americans who ran into the towers while everyone else was running out. It is unconscionable that time and again they have been forced to come crawling to Washington, D.C., to plead their case as to why they are worthy of our support. It was heartbreaking and sickening, and I hope we have learned our lesson. We must pass this legislation at the beginning of the 116th Congress so these first responders don’t have to go through all of this again, so they can focus on their health and not be forced to travel to Washington, D.C., on their own dime dozens of times for the benefits they have more than earned. This past September 11, 17 years since the attacks, we came together, as we always do, to remember those who were taken from us on that day. But this year marked an especially harrowing occasion. By the end of this year, it is anticipated that more people will have died from 9/11related illnesses than were killed on 9/11, and over 175 of those deaths occurred just this year. Jimmy Martinez was one of those 175. Diagnosed with bone marrow cancer, he went into remission in 2016, a year after the Zadroga Act’s permanent reauthorization. He responded to the 1993 attack on the World Trade Center, again on 9/11, and came to the aid of so many in the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy. This August, he died a 26year veteran of the FDNY. Just as there were so many who fought for the Zadroga Act who were not here to fight for its reauthorization in 2015, Jimmy is just one of the so many who are unable to continue this fight today. That is why it is up to us— to fight for others like Jimmy, for those who risked so much for us but they need our help. Congress must take action to ensure every family receives the compensation they are entitled to as soon as possible. They have earned nothing less. On that horrific day, in the face of the worst of humanity, these men and women were the best of it. In honor of them and their families who carry on their memory, Congress must do its job and permanently fund the 9/11 Victims Compensation Fund. In the aftermath of 9/11, we vowed we would never forget, and I am going to make sure of it. 
CONGRATULATING MAYOR KEITH RIDDLE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. COMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my good friend, Mayor Keith Riddle of Burkesville, Kentucky, on his retirement from public service after 22 years. His years as a city council member, in addition to his years spent as mayor, have had a profound impact on his fellow citizens. By dedicating his time to taking on countless projects to improve the city and wellbeing of community members, Mayor Riddle has made great strides for the citizens of Burkesville. Most notably, during Mayor Riddle’s tenure, he was instrumental in the construction of a new water treatment plant, which produces 2 million gallons per day of clean water for the city and surrounding area. Another massive waterline improvement project was completed under the watchful eye of Mayor Riddle. This project replaced nearly 100yearold lines and addressed wastewater overflow to provide improved protection of property, rivers, and streams in the community. Mayor Riddle has truly dedicated his time and talents to helping Burkesville grow and improve. His continuous work with the water department, fire and police departments, and various businesses in the area has helped set the stage for continued success in Burkesville. On behalf of the First District of Kentucky, I thank Mayor Keith Riddle for his decades of public service and wish him continued success in his retirement. b1100 RECOGNIZING PHILANTHROPY OF DARREN  
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my friend Darren Cleary of Tompkinsville, Kentucky, for all the great philanthropy he has given to my home county of Monroe. Darren is the epitome of a successful businessperson who truly gives back to his community. Darren sponsors many activities and events throughout the year in Tompkinsville, including our annual July Fourth fireworks event at City Park. He has donated countless dollars to the Monroe County School system for, among other things, a new practice football field for the varsity football team, and along with his wife, Dawn, he is the reason Monroe County now has a swim team. Darren’s main companies, Cleary Construction and Precision Engineering, together are two of the biggest private employers in Monroe County. Tompkinsville, Kentucky, is very fortunate to have Darren Cleary as its citizen. 
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Monroe County Magistrate Karen Gordon of my hometown of Tompkinsville in the First District of Kentucky on her retirement from public service. Since taking office in a 2011 special election to fill the unexpired term of her late husband, Karen has steadfastly served her fellow Monroe Countians over the years and has continually sought opportunities to improve the lives of those around her. Her service as Monroe County’s Fourth District magistrate, and a crucial member of the Heart of Tompkinsville board, has spurred economic opportunity and instilled a stronger sense of community pride in her fellow residents. I join with her daughters, Ann Marie and Amber Lee, as well as her extended family, friends, and all those who have benefited from her efforts, to recognize her distinguished record of public service and dedication to serving others. 
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize my friend Alonzo Ford from my hometown in Monroe County, Kentucky, specifically Gamaliel, Kentucky. For nearly three decades, Alonzo’s fellow citizens have reelected him to serve as the First District magistrate in Monroe County. This district includes Gamaliel and Fountain Run. He is widely respected as a public servant, and his leadership on several boards, including the farmers market board and the wellness center board, are a testament to his outstanding record of 
diligent public service in all facets of life. I am deeply thankful for his friendship, and I admire his tireless, lifelong devotion to working for the benefit of others. I join with his family and friends, as well as those he has impacted during his career, to express our dedication and gratitude for his contributions to our hometown. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF GAIL SMITH COBB The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. NORMAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Gail Smith Cobb, a woman who touched the lives and hearts of so many in South Carolina for 84 years. Gail Cobb’s life was dedicated to ensuring Union County was a great place to live, work, worship, and go to school. She started serving her community when she was secretary of the Union County Recreation Commission and then became the program director of the commission, where she started multiple programs and events for residents. From there, she became the director of the Union County Recreation Department, overseeing the hiring of employees, park maintenance, and programming. More importantly, she worked for the county council in maintaining effective budgets and funding for the recreation department. On top of her work within the local government, Gail also served on the board of directors for the Salvation Army for over 5 years and sat on the Union County Fair board for 10 years. As an active member of the community and important leader in the Union County High School Athletic Booster Club for over 30 years, she made her community a better place for everyone. Gail volunteered and gave most of her time and effort to support all of the athletic teams and cheerleaders within the Union County athletic program, and she spent tireless hours distributing tickets and collecting money to ensure the program’s success. In the recent playoff game between Chester and Union, she was recognized for her efforts, and the game was dedicated on her behalf. In life, Gail was a shining example of a tireless servant. She was a woman of faith and service. She will be greatly missed by the community. In rest, may she find peace. 
CONGRESS CONTINUES TO EXCEED LOWEST EXPECTATIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. MASSIE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, last night, the Rules Committee came out with a procedural resolution for the farm bill that violates both the Constitution and the War Powers Act of 1973. Just when you thought Congress couldn’t get any swampier, we continue to exceed even the lowest expectations. Section 2 of House Resolution 1176, the rule for the farm bill, says that the provisions of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution shall not apply during the remainder of the 115th Congress to any concurrent resolution introduced pursuant to the War Powers Resolution. What this means is that our leadership has decided that the House just doesn’t need to vote on whether U.S. soldiers, personnel, weapons, and taxpayer dollars should go toward assisting Saudi Arabia with its brutal war on civilians in Yemen, a war that has caused the world’s worst famine in over 100 years. This isn’t the first time that our leadership, using the Rules Committee, has swept under the rug the War Powers Act. They did it last month. What they did is they hid the vote inside of another resolution, a procedural resolution for a bill called Manage our Wolves Act. So, many Members of Congress swept under the rug the War Powers Act without even knowing it, because it was in a procedural resolution. But think about what they are doing this time. Instead of specifying a certain resolution that they are going to suspend the War Powers Act for, they are saying any resolution for all of Congress. In my opinion, this violates both the U.S. Constitution and statutory law. But, apparently, this doesn’t matter to our leadership and the majority of the Rules Committee. Just as a remainder, Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution says that Congress and Congress alone, not the executive branch, possesses the power to declare war. Although the Constitution’s language unequivocally gives this power solely to Congress, Presidents, nevertheless, continued to launch military action abroad prior to receiving Congressional approval. This is why Congress passed the War Powers Act of 1973. Section 5(c) of the War Powers Act requires the President to remove United States forces at any time, if Congress so directs by concurrent resolution, and Section 7 establishes priority procedures for consideration of such a removal resolution. It requires the Committee on Foreign Affairs to report out that resolution within 15 days. You can’t let this thing die in committee. It has to come back to the floor within 15 days, according to the law since 1973. Then it directs that the House must vote on the resolution within 3 calendar days. It can’t die on the floor. There has to be a vote within 3 days. But, instead of following the law, instead of following the Constitution, the Rules Committee last night snuck language into the rule for the farm bill, and this should upset farmers who are depending on the farm bill. They snuck into the rule for the farm bill a resolution that deprives the entire House of Representatives of its constitutional right to decide when and where our soldiers should be sent into harm’s way. So let me sum this up. Even if you think we should be involved in Yemen, even if you think soldiers should go there, even if you think we should give the bombs to Saudi Arabia to drop on civilians, you shouldn’t want to sneak that into an unrelated bill. You shouldn’t want to hide that in a farm bill. What good could you be up to by hiding that in another bill? But let’s say you are okay with hiding it in another bill because you don’t want your constituents to find out where you stand on this issue: I had to vote for the farm bill. Sorry. Well, even if you are okay with hiding it in another bill, this is the wrong way to do it. Last time, when they snuck it—when they swept it under the rug last month, they specified that the resolution wouldn’t have the powers of the War Powers Act, wouldn’t have the privileges of the War Powers Act. This time, not only are they sweeping it under the rug, they are preemptively sweeping all of the power of Congress under the War Powers Act under the rug for the entire remainder of this congressional session. It sets a horrible precedent. It is a dangerous precedent. The Speaker is grabbing more powers using the Speaker’s committee, the Rules Committee. He is doing so and jeopardizing the power of the House of Representatives, because for him to grab more power requires us to give more power to the executive branch, to abdicate our constitutional responsibility to decide when and where our military should go. So I urge my colleagues to oppose this illegal and unconstitutional action today by voting ‘‘no’’ on the rule for the farm bill. That is House Resolution 1176. f 
EXTENDING ANIMAL FIGHTING PROHIBITIONS TO TERRITORIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N) for 5 minutes. Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to express my utter disappointment with the inclusion of extending the prohibition of cockfighting in the territories in the farm bill before us today. While there are a lot of provisions that will benefit the largest constituency of any House Member, for over 3 million American citizens living in Puerto Rico, the inclusion of this amendment will detract from the other high points of this bill. This bill will improve accessibility to grants and programs on the island, and for that, I am extremely grateful and confident that this will help my constituents. But, on the other hand, since 2002, the farm bill has included the very 
same wording about the Animal Welfare Act, and it will allow the States to manage and regulate this practice in the territories. For the case of Puerto Rico, we have been regulating the industry of cockfighting since 1933. This is an industry that represents more than $18 million in our economy and also more than 27,000 direct and indirect jobs on the island. So we are talking about how distressful the economic situation on the island is, but then we are approving another Federal regulation without even consulting the people of Puerto Rico or even the territories. In our case, we were not even allowed to vote for that amendment here on the floor, neither in the Senate. So territories will never have a word if we cannot vote, if we are not represented. But also, limiting this activity will also provide a lot of these industries to go underground, and that will hurt directly the economy of the island. For that reason, I invite any Member who wishes to come to Puerto Rico and see how regulated the cockfighting industry is to come and visit. I fear that the language that is adopted will turn some underground, and overburdensome laws and regulations on the island, as they always do— and we are going to see a black market pop up and encounter more harm than good, not just to the birds of those who participate, but also for the industry itself. For me, it is troubling that the territories were not given a proper chance to even debate this issue. We were not consulted in the drafting of this amendment or at any committee markup or as a congressional courtesy. I represent 3.2 million American citizens on the island, but I can’t vote on the floor. I don’t have any representation on the Senate side. But then we have another regulation coming to the island without even giving us an opportunity to debate it or an opportunity to actually vote against it. I think even the Constitution of the United States allows States to regulate and reserve those powers to the States. We can’t even challenge or sue the Federal Government with this, because the constitutional amendment provided that the territories are just a possession of the U.S. Congress and Congress can do whatever they want with us. That will affect directly the industry of the island. We are talking about not just the rules of construction of venues, penalties for events, public behavior at cockfights, the rules that have been engaged since 1933. This is an industry, as I already said, that the government of Puerto Rico, House, Senate, and even the Governor are opposed to have this ban on cockfighting. I think this should be an issue reserved for the States as is happening right now in the current farm bill, and I hope we can have the opportunity to discuss this, any other opportunity, even having a hearing on this issue. My constituents are concerned with how this prohibition will hurt them and their families, and it is my responsibility to advocate for them the same as the territories of the United States. We are all against this provision. 
b1115 HONORING CAPTAIN ANDREW P. ROSS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS ) for 11⁄2minutes. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I want to express my sincere thanks to General Vincent Brooks, my classmate from West Point, upon his retirement day after 38 years of active military service. Mr. Speaker, I came down to the floor to read a Facebook post from another West Pointer honoring his close friend who died on November 27 of this year in Afghanistan. Time will not permit me to go through his entire post, but I think for many of us who have served in the conflicts that we have today, it underlines the sacrifice that our men and women pay to the service of our country. And I will end with this. It was Captain Andrew Ross who died on November 27, 2018. And the last verse of our alma mater which was sung at the second singing of alma maters at the ArmyNavy game, it ends with this, and I think it is appropriate: 
And when our work is done. Our course on Earth is run. May it be said, ‘Well done; Be thou at peace.’ E’er may that line of gray. Increase from day to day. Live, serve, and die, we pray. West Point for thee. 
God bless the family of Captain Ross and all the men and women who serve overseas in dangerous locations. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Captain Andrew P. Ross, who passed away in Afghanistan on Tuesday, November 27th. Captain Ross was a Virginian native who earned his education at West Point, my alma mater. He deployed to Afghanistan in 2013. Afterward, Captain Ross joined Special Forces and led Green Berets. On November 27th, Captain Ross was killed when an IED detonated underneath his vehicle in Ghazni Province, Afghanistan. His friend, Michael Shepherd, shared the following words to honor his memory: 
I am still numb and perhaps still in disbelief. I have been dreading writing this post, but I am going to get this out because I believe people should know. ‘‘Apocalypse 36, this is Bushmaster 36. I am providing overwatch from your northwest as you move north along the route.’’ I knew that voice better than anyone when it came over the radio. That was Drew Ross, my best friend. My West Point classmates and fellow platoon leaders know nothing is more calming than knowing your battle buddy is looking out for you. I met Drew on July 2, 2007 when we started West Point together. We were in the same cadet basic training platoon and in the same cadet company (Go Frogs!) for three years. Then, we found ourselves together again at Fort Stewart, GA in the same cavalry squadron (Mustangs!). By the time we deployed to Afghanistan in 2013, we knew more about each other than we probably would’ve liked. Drew was the third platoon leader in B Troop and I was the third platoon leader in A Troop. After 9 months, we sat next to each other on the flight home. When the pilot announced that we were over U.S. airspace, Drew and looked around the plane and discussed how lucky we were to bring all of our Soldiers home. As I left the Army for law school, Drew not only stayed in but decided he wanted to join Special Forces and lead Green Berets. Of course, Drew made it through easily and married his lovely wife in February. On Tuesday, November 27, 2018 Drew was killed when an improvised explosive device detonated underneath his vehicle in Ghazni province, Afghanistan. We FaceTimed last week and the last thing he sent me was his address because I wanted to send him something for Christmas. Drew represented the best of our country. He could have done anything he wanted, but chose time and again to put himself in between our country and the enemy under the most violent and dangerous of circumstances. I would share more about how funny and incredible of a man he was, but there are some things I want to keep only for myself. Please don’t feel sorry for me. I am beyond lucky that I knew him, let alone that I was able to call him a fellow classmate, Frog, Soldier, Mustang, platoon leader, executive officer, and most importantly (according to him at least) a workout partner. Please keep in your thoughts and prayers his wife, family, and Green Berets whose time with him was cut short. Mourn for our country who lost a man who gave so much in 29 years, but had so much more to give. Mr. Speaker, Captain Ross served our nation honorably and courageously. He will be dearly missed. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 16 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Dear God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. The Sun grows dim and the daylight is measured. In the darkness, phantoms loom. The eye cannot discern as the distance fades. Be for us light, O Lord. Bless the Members of this people’s House with clear judgment that the work to be concluded might propel our Nation into a prosperous future. And as always, we pray that whatever is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. CICILLLINE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Aidan Miller and Kylie Lan Tumiatti for receiving the prestigious Fulbright scholarships this year. Aidan and Kylie are both recent graduates of Seton Hall University’s School of Diplomacy. Aidan is a student of international relations, modern languages, and Eastern European studies. Over the next year, he will be teaching English at a university in Russia while learning about Russian traditions and culture. Aidan plans to enter public service when he returns home. Kylie also majored in international relations and modern languages, with a minor in economics. The Fulbright scholarship has given her the opportunity to teach English in Malaysia. When she returns from Malaysia, Kylie will finish her graduate degree in public affairs at Columbia University and then enter the foreign service. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating these bright young people who are committed to making our world a better place. 
RICHARD WAYNE ‘‘R.W.’’ ALLEN II (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, it is with great joy that I rise today to recognize and celebrate the life of my 13th grandchild on his firstmonth birthday. On November 7, 2018, my family and I welcomed Richard Wayne ‘‘R.W.’’ Allen II, my namesake, into our family. Of our 13 grandchildren, R.W. is our fourth grandson. I am truly humbled that my fourth grandson was named in my honor. Robin and I are the proud parents of four wonderful children, and our only son, Andy, and his wife, Betsy, are now the parents of R.W. and his older sister, Elsie, who is named after my mother. Andy is a foreign service officer with the State Department, and right now he and his family are living here in Washington and training for his next assignment. I cannot put in words how happy we are that Andy, Betty, Elsie, and R.W. are here with us in D.C. as we celebrate this addition to our growing family. My prayer for R.W. is he will grow strong in his faith and personally experience the mercy, grace, peace, and love of our Savior, Jesus Christ. f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, this week we mark the sixth anniversary of the tragic shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School, which left 26 dead, including 20 children ages 6 and 7. In the years since, there have been 1,917 mass shootings, killing 2,175 men, women, and children and wounding more than 6,000. The worst of these shootings occurred in the heart of my district at the Route 91 music festival when a gunman opened fire on the crowd, killing 58 and injuring more than 800. The list of victims grows every day, and yet on this floor there is only silence. This past November, voters sent a strong message by rejecting those who stand in the way of commonsense gun violence prevention. We can never bring back those who are lost to gun violence, but from universal background checks to a ban on bump stocks, come January, we can and will take action. 
2018 FARM BILL (Mr. MARSHALL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, today we will vote on the farm bill, and I can’t help but be reminded of the more than 1,100 attendees at the farm bill listening sessions we held across the country. What an honor it was to take the comments, the feedback, and the suggestions they had and work to address those concerns. Those 1,100 attendees represented the full spectrum of American agriculture. From citrus producers in Florida to wheat farmers in Kansas, we saw and heard amazing stories of the grit and determination of the people who wake up every morning, pull their boots on, and work to feed, clothe, and fuel this world. As we vote today, I salute and honor each of them and their families. Mr. Speaker, Kansans sent me to Congress to get a farm bill done, and I am honored to be here today and to say that we delivered for Kansas. 
SHUTDOWN, SHOWDOWN (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, in 9 days, we are going to face another government shutdown. The American people want a responsible Federal Government that works for them, but yesterday President 
Trump said that he will be proud to shut down the government. The President believes that his idea for an ineffective, $70 billion, 1,000mile long border wall is more important than keeping the government open for business. Our constituents are sick of this stuff. The President told them that Mexico would pay for the wall, and now he is threatening to close the government if he doesn’t get what he wants. This is exactly why our constituents voted to put Democrats in control of Congress last month. They don’t want their hardearned money wasted on an expensive, ineffective border wall. We should listen to them. Democrats and Republicans need to come together and work together to meet their needs, not President Trump’s. While the President throws another Twitter tantrum, let’s keep the government open and work on solutions for the real challenges facing our constituents: goodpaying jobs, lower healthcare costs, and ending the corruption in Washington. That is what Democrats are committed to doing. It is time for Republicans to stand up to this President and work with Democrats for the benefit of the American people. 
BUDGET CRISIS (Mr. HERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HERN. Mr. Speaker, in the last 10 years, our country’s national debt has grown from $10 trillion to nearly $22 trillion. This trajectory is not sustainable. While there is no easy fix to this, the first step is clear: stop adding to it. President Trump is leading by example telling his Cabinet to eliminate waste in their departments. He understands the fiscal cliff we are standing on and is taking the right steps to get our spending under control. Now it is time for us to do our job. We cannot govern from crisis to crisis. We need a budget that balances, and we need to get back to regular order by passing all 12 appropriations bills. Shortterm spending bills are not the solution, and we cannot rely on them anymore. With the national debt growing every day, we cannot continue to kick the can down the road. We need to face this crisis headon. Frankly, Americans deserve better. It is time we put in the work to get it right and solve our budget crisis. Let’s get to work. 
REFUGEES REVITALIZE COMMUNITIES (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, this good and generous Nation has a long tradition of welcoming those seeking refuge and a better life in America. America is, in fact, a nation of immigrants. For generations, immigrants and refugees—my ancestors included— have contributed to a diverse and strong Nation built on the foundation that, through hard work, anything is possible. The State Department recently announced plans to cut the very programs to provide refugees with the tools toward economic independence, selfsufficiency, and success. It is a counterproductive move by the administration that cites the economy as a priority. Refugees are helping to revitalize older communities like the BuffaloNiagara region, increasing our population, contributing to a dedicated workforce, and bringing new quality of life and economic life back to neighborhoods like Buffalo’s west side. We are calling on Secretary Pompeo to immediately reverse any plans to cut resettlement agencies and reaffirm this Nation’s commitment to the American Dream. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable NANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
DECEMBER 11, 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives, The Capitol, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to section 3(b) of the Public Safety Officer Medal of Valor Act of 2001 (42 U.S.C. 15202), I am pleased to reappoint Mr. Brian Fengel of Bartonville, Illinois, to the Medal of Valor Review Board. Thank you for your consideration of this recommendation. Sincerely, NANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader. f 
b1215 PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 2, AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 1176 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 1176 Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. All points of order against the conference report and against its consideration are waived. The conference report shall be considered as read. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the conference report to its adoption without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate; and (2) one motion to recommit if applicable. SEC. 2. The provisions of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1546) shall not apply during the remainder of the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress to a concurrent resolution introduced pursuant to section 5 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1544) with respect to the Republic of Yemen. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Washington is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), my friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Washington? There was no objection. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule, House Resolution 1176, providing for further consideration of a very important piece of legislation for America’s farmers and ranchers: the conference report to accompany H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act, commonly referred to as the farm bill. This rule provides that the conference report shall be considered as read. Mr. Speaker, earlier this year, as the House considered its version of the farm bill, I spoke in this Chamber about a farm bill listening tour I conducted in my own district, traveling to every county that I represent to hear from and listen to input and the concerns from farmers, ranchers, and producers across the State of Washington. In the days since the House passed that bill earlier this summer, there has been growing concern that the job would not get done and that the 2014 farm bill would expire and our Nation’s farm country would be left without the crucial tools this legislation provides to strengthen the farm safety net and provide certainty and flexibility to America’s farmers and ranchers. Fortunately, with the legislation before us today, we can report that this is not the case. After months of painstaking negotiations between the House and the Senate conferees, we have an agreement before us. This agreement, while not including several provisions I would have liked to have seen, sets us on a better path for our farmers and ranchers, for our rural communities, for small businesses, and for consumers across the country at the grocery store and at kitchen tables. With this conference agreement to the farm bill, I can now go back to my district and confidently report to my constituents that we have provided a strong foundation to help our farmers survive a 50 percent drop in net farm income over the past 4 years. I can go back to Okanogan County and tell my constituents in Pateros that we have 
strengthened market access programs and provided strong resources to open new sources for exporting across the globe. I can tell farmers in Grant County that we have protected crop insurance and made several key improvements, including for whole farm revenue coverage for specialty crop producers. I can tell dairy producers in Yakima County that we have improved the dairy safety net for large, midsized, and small dairies. I can report back to producers in Prosser, in Benton County, who stressed the importance of agriculture research, that we have provided an increase in funding for research, extension, and education projects. With the bill before us, I can let key agriculture partners in our community like Washington State University know that we will keep American agriculture at the forefront of innovation and productivity. Farmers from East Wenatchee will hear from me that this farm bill invests in critical costshare and incentivebased programs to help farm families improve our soil, water, and other natural resources. I can tell farmers in Othello, in Adams County, concerned with the regulatory burdens on their shoulders, that this legislation protects our producers from costly, additional, and unnecessary red tape. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise today as a thirdgeneration farmer to say that this farm bill takes strong steps to address challenges facing America’s agricultural community. The rule we bring before the House provides for further consideration of the conference report to H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act, legislation that is critically important to my district in central Washington, and to rural districts across this great country. This legislation maintains and strengthens important policies like Price Loss Coverage, Agricultural Risk Coverage, commodity loans, Dairy Margin Coverage, livestock disaster programs, and crop insurance. It enhances and permanently funds the Foreign Market Development Program and Technical Assistance for Specialty Crops, which are so vital for export driven agricultural economies like those in my State of Washington. It increases funding for landgrant universities, research, and education, as well as special research initiatives, including for specialty crops and organic research. This legislation makes strides to expand quality broadband to all of rural America by including forwardlooking standards to ensure we are meeting nextgeneration rural broadband needs. It also improves the tools available to reduce forest fuel loads that increase the size and force of catastrophic wildfires. By renewing key categorical exclusion and expanding its purpose to allow for expedited reduction of hazardous fuels in our forests, we can continue to reduce the threat these wildfires pose on rural communities. Mr. Speaker, with support from the 2014 farm bill, American farmers have been able to combat depressed prices and severe drops in farm income, but they would not have been able to do so without a robust safety net in place. The conference report before us will build upon this effort and ensure a steady food supply will be on the shelves and in our markets for years to come. As I mentioned, it doesn’t include everything I would have liked to have seen in this bill, but, in reality, no piece of legislation is perfect, particularly comprehensive bills that have been negotiated for months. But the fact of the matter is, this farm bill includes important and significant wins for American farmers and ranchers. It is now our responsibility to get the job done. Mr. Speaker, the people’s House has more than 20 farmers, ranchers, and producers serving in this body. Among us are a dairyman from central California; a blueberry farmer from Maine; a rancher from South Dakota; two rice farmers, one from California and another from Minnesota; a cattleman from Kentucky; an almond farmer from California; and, yes, a proud hops farmer from the Yakima Valley of Washington State. This is the first farm bill that I have had the opportunity to engage in since coming to Congress, Mr. Speaker. I have spent my whole life on the farm, and my life in public service, including serving as Washington State’s Director of the Department of Agriculture, has been spent working on behalf of American farmers, ranchers, rural communities, and families. It is an honor today to bring this rule forward for the conference report to accompany the farm bill, H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act. I humbly urge my colleagues to support the rule, support the bill, and strengthen the future for America’s farmers and all those who depend on them. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ), my friend, for yielding the customary 30 minutes. (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I will be submitting a longer statement for the RECORD , so I will be keeping my floor remarks today fairly brief. Mr. Speaker, I intend to support this farm bill. This farm bill is not perfect. It is not the bill that I would have written. But this conference report, unlike the farm bill that the House produced, is a good, bipartisan product. I want to thank Chairman ROBERTS  and Ranking Member STABENOW for their tireless efforts to protect SNAP benefits throughout this process. Because of their work, hungry people across this country will have access to the modest benefits they need to feed their families. I thank as well Chairman CONAWAY , who recognized the importance of getting a farm bill over the finish line this year. I especially want to recognize the efforts of Ranking Member PETERSON . He is truly an amazing guy who presides over a committee that is very diverse with rural, suburban, and urban Members of Congress. It has conservatives, moderates, and liberals like me. Yet, he has managed to bring us together and not let the perfect be the enemy of the good. Farmers, consumers, and hungry people all across the country owe him a debt of gratitude. I also want to thank the staff of the minority and the majority who put in endless hours trying to negotiate a compromise. I want to thank Kaitlin Hodgkins, who was my point person on these ag issues, for all of her work. Mr. Speaker, the issue of hunger and food insecurity has been my primary cause in Congress. I have been proud to work on these issues as a member of the Agriculture Committee and to oversee the SNAP program as ranking member of the Subcommittee on Nutrition. As members of this House well know, I have been very critical of the legislation that the Republican majority in this House initially produced. It included more than $20 billion in SNAP cuts that would have disproportionately harmed the most vulnerable among us—kids, disabled, and the elderly—the very people who are often left to wonder where they will get their next meal. Many would have been cut off from assistance altogether if the House version actually prevailed. The Senate, however, took a much different course. Their Agriculture Committee chairman, Senator ROBERTS , actually consulted with Ranking Member STABENOW . There were no disastrous work requirements, no partisan policies cooked up in some extreme conservative think tank somewhere. It largely continued proven policies that both sides have traditionally agreed on. Thankfully, the conference committee took the same course. This final bill does not include any SNAP benefits cuts. No one is getting kicked off the rolls, there are no changes to categorical eligibility or severing of the link between SNAP and LIHEAP. And importantly, there are no additional burdensome work requirements. In fact, this conference report makes a number of administrative improvement and efficiencies, saving $1 billion. These are reinvested into nutrition programs. As a result, more Americans will have access to healthy food and SNAP employment and training programs will be strengthened. Mr. Speaker, I hope the Secretary of Agriculture and the President are tuning in to this debate. Right now, we have heard rumors that they are trying to work behind the scenes to circumvent the will of this Congress by 
instituting more onerous work requirements administratively. Such a move, I believe, will likely lead to legal action. In the next Congress, when Democrats are in the majority, we will use every legislative tool available to block such a move at every turn. We will not tolerate more of their disrespect and callousness toward the most vulnerable in this country. No more beating up on poor people, period. We will be watching them very closely, and if they do anything—and I mean anything—to increase hunger in America, we will fight them. And that is a promise. When a Congress as polarized as the 115th can negotiate and arrive at a bipartisan agreement, we should be celebrating it. It is mindboggling to think there are some on the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue working to overturn it even before it is signed into law. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I wanted to be able to vote for this rule today, since I said I was going to support the underlying legislation. But my Republican friends screwed it up again. Tucked inside this rule is language that turns off fast track procedures for all Yemen resolutions through the end of this Congress. That is right. The Republican leadership has declared that the worst humanitarian conflict in the world, where the U.N. has just announced famine is taking place due to the war, is not worth the time and attention of the people’s House. This is an offensive abdication of our responsibility. We should not be sitting idly by, waiting for the start of the next Congress, as this conflict rages on. We should be doing something today. Mr. Speaker, it is because of this Yemen language that I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule. Mr. Speaker, this Farm Bill isn’t perfect. It’s not the bill that I would have written. But very rarely do we get the chance to vote on professionalism in this body. And this conference report is the product of a professional process that was made better by deliberative, bipartisan debate. The issue of food insecurity has been my primary cause. As members of the House know well, I have been very critical of the Farm Bill that House Republicans initially produced. It included more than $20 billion in SNAP cuts that would have disproportionately harmed the most vulnerable among us. Kids. The disabled. And the elderly. The very people who are often left to wonder where they’ll get their next meal. Many would have been cut off from assistance altogether. These cuts were put forward to try and hoist an unproved and drastically underfunded statebased workforce bureaucracy experiment on the entire nation. Without any evidence or any study proving its effectiveness, House Republicans wanted to disadvantage poor parents. The Senate, however, took a much different course. Their Ag Committee chairman, Senator ROBERTS , actually consulted with their ranking member, Senator STABENOW . There were no disastrous work requirements. No partisan policies cooked up in some extreme conservative think tank somewhere. It largely continued proven policies that both sides have traditionally agreed on. Thankfully, the conference committee took this same course. This final bill doesn’t include devastating SNAP benefit cuts. No one is getting kicked off the rolls. There are no changes to categorical eligibility or severing of the link between SNAP and LIHEAP. The conference committee rejected the House’s onerous child support enforcement proposal, and instead required a study of the current child support option. This study will only be useful in improving policy if USDA includes the experiences of grandparents, victims of domestic violence, and others who may avoid participating in SNAP out of fear that the provision. This conference report rejects many provisions of the House bill including the state option to privatize SNAP operation. Current law and the administration’s standards around merit systems personnel was the appropriate course. And importantly, there are no additional work requirements. That’s because the existing flexibility that states have to respond to local labor conditions works. And as the conference report notes, we expect states to continue to be able to identify the areas that they wish to include in their areas and to be able to use the labor surplus definition of unemployment for the area having to be twenty percent above the national average for a twoyear period. This has worked well for over twenty years. While the flexibly to waive this harsh and unfair rule does not go far enough, we do not wish to make it more restrictive or limiting for states. While the Farm Bill does clarify that state agencydrafted waivers need the governor’s support, this does not require additional steps in the waiver process or interfere with the discretion and authority that a chief executive may have in place. The conference committee does not intend this provision to interfere with state operations by changing the waiver process that states have relied on for twenty years. This conference report makes a number of administrative improvements and efficiencies, saving a billion dollars. One provision requires state participation in the National Accuracy Clearinghouse, which is a database that allows for checks of participation across state lines. Let me be clear: a data match does not mean an individual is committing fraud by intentionally seeking benefits in more than one state. A match can also mean that a participants first state of residence has failed to act on the individuals’ reported move. The National Accuracy Clearinghouse can play an important role in cleaning up state caseloads. This is important because even if a household requests a closure of the case due to a change in residency, the state may not act on it in a timely manner, and there’s little a household can do to prove they tried to close their case. States have a duty to assist individuals in the application process and that means, to me, that a state must help individuals who have recently moved. Without evidence of an individual’s intent to defraud the program, state agencies should assume dual enrollment is unintentional. The conference report sets up a reasonable approach to dealing with matches from external data sources. This provision codifies recent USDA regulations that identify the limited number of circumstances in which a state must follow up with most households to verify information it obtains that is likely to impact eligibility or is not required to be reported by the household. There is no change to current policy. The conference report also supports and codifies recent efforts by USDA to establish clearer and more consistent quality control measures. I expect USDA to develop clear and consistent review standards but not to change what is meant by an error, nor to change the essential quality control review process. The conference report, as I mentioned earlier, saves a billion dollars. These savings are directly reinvested into nutrition programs. Because of this, more Americans will have access to healthy food. The investments also help to improve SNAP employment and training programs, reinforcing the requirement that states properly assess clients and assign them to programs appropriate to their needs and skills, and asking states to build programs with a demonstrated impact on improving outcomes. We addressed a longstanding problem— when a SNAP participant is referred to a training program, and the program determines that the services they provide are not wellmatched to the need of the participant. States have long been required to do meaningful assessments in order to properly assign clients. The expanded investment in case management should improve this capacity. And this bill emphasized that reassessment is important as well. If a client fails to be successful in a program it is often the result of an inability to comply versus a refusal to comply with what’s needed. The bill and report make clear that states must reassess and reassign the partisan if appropriate. Participants will no longer lose benefits because states are doing a poor job of assigning them to programs that don’t work for them. The conference report also includes an improvement to ensure all states use a standard homeless shelter allowance. When implemented, this provision must maintain the current flexibly that states have around documenting the household circumstances. People experiencing homelessness may now be able to obtain and track receipts or records of their expenses—that is why a standard allowance is such a useful policy. It allows states to deduct modest shelter costs for homeless individuals who have no way of documenting those costs. In addition, a homeless individual may have costs that exceed the standard allowance and they must be able to claim the higher deduction. The standard allowance does not preempt the individuals’ rights to deduct actual costs. I have long argued that we should be increasing SNAP benefits, which currently average a mere $1.40 per person, per meal, to help hungry Americans afford nutritious food. While the bill unfortunately does not provide any additional increase in SNAP benefits, it does require USDA to revise the Thrifty Food Plan on a regular basis. Prior revisions to the Thrifty Food Plan were done in a way that did not increase costs despite food prices increasing and decreasing time available to prepare many foods at home. This provision allows for 
future revisions to increase the cost of the plan to more accurately reflect the reality of food purchasing for most Americans. If the cost of the plan goes up, we expect the Secretary to adjust the plan. Mr. Speaker, I hope the Secretary of Agriculture and the president are tuning into this debate. Right now, they are reportedly working behind the scenes to circumvent the will of this Congress by instituting more onerous work requirements administratively. Such a move, I believe, will likely lead to legal action. And next Congress when Democrats are in the Majority, we will use every legislative tool available to block such a move at every turn. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ). Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the conference report to H.R. 2, the farm bill. Our ag community has faced far too much uncertainty and challenges this past year, and I am glad to see we are finally able to reach a consensus that sets our country forward on a better path to help farmers, ranchers, and rural communities throughout America—communities like mine. b1230 The bill addresses the urgent needs of rural communities and agricultural communities, including those in Michigan’s 10th Congressional District. First, the bill authorizes a huge investment in rural broadband, $350 million a year. As hard as it may be for people to believe, access to stable, highspeed Internet is not commonplace in rural America. It hinders economic development. It hinders the economic opportunity. It hinders them in many ways. This bill also raises the minimum standards for rural broadband and targets grants and financial support to communities that are most in need of assistance. The farm bill also assists our dairy producers, especially the small dairy producers like in my community who have faced real challenges with dairy prices, by expanding affordable coverage for all producers of all sizes. It maintains the sugar program urgently needed in my district to protect American farmers from anticompetitive foreign programs that dump sugar at artificially low prices. Lastly, the conference report makes important changes to protect the financial integrity of the SNAP program and to make it more effective for recipients. We need to be concerned that we cannot keep people on SNAP forever who can work. We have to help people return to the labor market and support themselves, despite what my colleague may believe. I am pleased we were able to come to a consensus, finally, with the Senate, and I encourage my colleagues to vote in favor of the rule and the underlying bill. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I just want to say for the RECORD , in response to my colleague who just spoke, that the average SNAP recipient is on the benefit for less than a year, and the majority of SNAP recipients who can work, in fact, do work. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. KIND). Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Massachusetts for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I rise, first, in opposition to the rule. I think the gentleman from Massachusetts is correct. Here we are in the waning days of this session of Congress, and we can’t produce a rule that specifically focused on the farm bill. They had to include, in the late hours of last night, language that affects our policy as it relates to Yemen. I commend my colleague from Massachusetts for his efforts to try to strip section 2 out of the title of this rule, so we could have a rule that specifically addresses the farm bill. It wasn’t done. We should go back and make sure that it is and allow that policy to develop in the debate that we need on the House floor. Mr. Speaker, I am a representative of one of the largest agriculture producing districts in the Nation, my rural western Wisconsin district. I own a farm myself. We rotate corn and beans. We have some beef cattle in from time to time. No one appreciates the hard work that our family farmers are going through to stay in business today more than I. This past year, I had countless meetings with family farmers throughout my State. I have never seen the palpable fear in their eyes or heard it in their voices than we have this last year after dealing with multiple years of low commodity prices. Our family farmers are being driven out of the business in droves right now. I appreciate, having been involved in farm policy in the past—and mind you, we only have a chance to correct farm policy every 5 or 6 years in this place— how difficult it is to put together a coalition to get a farm bill done. There are many things in this bill that are commendable. As cochair of the House Organic Caucus, we have perhaps the strongest organic title of any farm bill ever produced. We have good agriculture research programs in this farm bill, a plusup in funding for rural broadband expansion, a new beginning farmer program, and the nutrition title was protected after what was initially reported out of the House earlier this year. But I reluctantly stand today in opposition of the overall bill because it is not addressing the two evils that are driving our family farmers out of business today: overproduction and the trade war that President Trump has created. In fact, they are doubling down on encouraging policy that will lead to more production, which will flood the market and drive commodity prices down even more, by expanding the title 1 subsidy programs. These are taxpayer subsidies that primarily go to a few, but very large, agribusinesses. Mr. Speaker, 80 percent of the title 1 subsidies are going to the 20 percent largest farm operations in the country. The average person back home would be astounded to see how many subsidy checks are being mailed to addresses in Washington, D.C., New York City, Chicago, and San Francisco. Under this bill, they are even expanding those subsidy opportunities by what is called a multiple entity rule that was, again, included in the final conference report. That means no longer just husbands and wives will qualify for subsidies operating on the farm, but sons and daughters, uncles and aunts, nieces and nephews, and cousins will be able to qualify now for these subsidy programs. Not only will that encourage, again, these large operations to ramp up production, driving prices down, but it is not fiscally responsible. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Wisconsin an additional 30 seconds. Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, we are in an era now of huge budget deficits, yet we are finding an additional $1 billion under the title 1 subsidy programs, primarily by taking it out of the conservation fund by reducing funding under the Conservation Stewardship Program from $1.8 billion to $1 billion. That will jeopardize quality water programs throughout our Nation. So, unfortunately, this bill is not going to solve the problem, the crisis that our farmers are facing today, which is driving them out of business in record numbers: the overproduction in agriculture in our country and this trade war. I think we should take a little bit more time and get the policy right, because we won’t have another opportunity for another 5 or 6 years, and that is going to be too late for too many of our family farmers. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ), who will expound on the importance of this bill and how it does respond to the plights in which farmers find themselves today and actually does give certainty to family farmers around the country. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership here managing this rule debate and for yielding. Mr. Speaker, as vice chair of the Agriculture Committee and a conferee, I rise in strong support of this rule and the underlying bill, the farm bill of 2018. Over the past 3 years, the House and Senate Agriculture Committees comprehensively reviewed the 2014 farm bill through a variety of hearings to gain feedback from hundreds of farmers, ranchers, landowners, and stakeholders. This conference report is the 
final product of this process and months of bipartisan, bicameral compromise. While there are many important provisions within the bill to highlight, at its core, the farm bill is about supporting American agriculture and access to food. It is about supporting our domestic food supply and our ability to feed, clothe, and provide energy and fiber for all Americans. One portion of this bill I am particularly pleased with is the dairy reforms contained in title 1. These reforms build on the positive changes made to the dairy margin insurance program in this year’s bipartisan budget agreement. Our dairy farmers have continued to face difficult times over the past decade, and I am hopeful that the 2018 farm bill will help to provide some stability in this sector. Also of note is a strong conservation title and support for active land management. This includes reauthorization of the Conservation Reserve Program, the Environmental Quality Incentives Program, and the Regional Conservation Partnership Program. Finally, I would like to mention the positive reforms that we made to SNAP included in this conference report. These changes will help with program integrity. It will encourage work for ablebodied adults without dependents and better ensure that SNAP funding and resources are going to our most vulnerable and those truly in need. I would like to thank Chairman CONAWAY , Ranking Member P ETERSON , and all the committee staff for their hard work on this conference report and dedication to agriculture. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this rule and the underlying farm bill and ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on both. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, as I said, some of us who support this farm bill wanted to support the rule as well. But, again, the Republicans thought it was important to basically tuck inside this rule language that turns off fast track for procedures for all Yemen resolutions through the end of this Congress. This is the worst humanitarian crisis in the world right now, and we don’t have time to talk about it. In fact, the Republican leadership takes the extraordinary step of doing everything they can to block debate. It is unconscionable. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. KHANNA ), who has been a leader on this issue. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, Americans around this country are wondering: What does a farm bill have to do with the war in Yemen? And the answer is absolutely nothing. You wonder why people are frustrated with Congress, why they think Congress lacks common sense. It is because no one understands why you would have a vote on a farm bill and you would tie it to a vote on war and peace in Yemen. The only reason the leadership is doing this is because they know that there are dozens of Republicans who will stand with Democrats to stop the killing in Yemen. How do they know this? Because Senate Republicans are voting to stop the killing in Yemen. I came to Congress because of my grandfather, who inspired me. He spent 4 years in jail in Gandhi’s independence movement. I came to Congress to say that America should always stand for human rights. I urge my Republican colleagues to look at the pictures in The New York Times and Huffington Post: 5yearold kids, 7yearold kids starving to death, a Yemeni child dying every 10 minutes. They tell us to wait until January. That would mean thousands more Yemeni kids dead. I don’t think this is a partisan issue. This is an American issue. Let’s stop the killing in Yemen. Let’s end the famine. Let’s have a vote in this House so we can stop the civil war in Yemen and save lives. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, we all look forward to the classified briefing that we will be a part of tomorrow with the Department of Defense and others to talk about the situation in Yemen. It seems premature to make decisions regarding that issue at this present time, but tomorrow will give us much enlightenment on the issue. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) to get back to the issue at hand, the farm bill. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to talk about the farm bill, the rule that allows us to bring this to the floor, and the lives I want to save in the West and across America, because this bill takes important steps to help improve the management of our Federal forests by extending expedited management tools for insect and disease projects in eastern Oregon and expanding it to hazardous fuels reduction to reduce the threat of fire and smoke. These are real life and safety issues in our communities. The great tragedies we have seen in California this last summer, in Paradise this last fall, I guess, they are repeating themselves year after year as climate change and drought and higher temperatures and the overgrowth in our forests all come together to create catastrophic wildfires, as pictured here. These are monsters when they fire up. They kill. It is unfortunate that the provisions that the House passed as part of the farm bill were rejected by the Democrats in the Senate. It is unfortunate because, after these catastrophic fires, we should get in and be able to remove the fuel load so that the next fire doesn’t burn even more intensely, which is what happens. It is a bigger threat to the firefighters, because these snags that remain are destined to fall. This year, we lost a firefighter to a snag that fell. But they rejected that. While we are expanding CE authorities, categorical exclusion authorities, in some forests, the House provision said we should expand it to all forests so that we can begin to catch up and remove the excess fuel load from our forests, so that when we do get fire, which is a natural part of environment, it does not become so destructive that it burns up entire towns. Unfortunately, again, Senate Democrats rejected that. So we are left with a bill that is pretty good. The farm bill provisions are terrific, as the leader has said. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. WALDEN. But when we are losing towns, and people and firefighters in our communities are choked with smoke, we can do better. Last night, in Medford, Oregon, the Jackson County Commission held a public meeting to talk about this fire situation we face. A dad from Jackson County recounted how his daughter with cystic fibrosis had to move away. He told the audience: ‘‘It’s been devastating for us as a family. We wish our daughter could live with us.’’ Then he went on to say: ‘‘When you can’t breathe, nothing else matters.’’ So you want to talk about life and safety and health issues in America, we should have done better with the Senate. But we are doing okay with this bill, and I intend to support it. Today I rise in support of the underlying legislation: the 2018 Farm Bill. This bill takes steps to help improve the management of our federal forests by extending expedited management tools for insect and disease projects in eastern Oregon and expanding it to hazardous fuels reduction to reduce the threat of fire and smoke. We’ve also allowed more local involvement from counties in forest management projects and extended funding for collaborative forest projects. These all help, but it is unfortunate the Senate Democrats rejected provisions from the House bill that would have greatly reduce the threat of fires and smoke in all of Oregon. The ability to clean up the burned dead timber after a fire—responsibly and where it makes sense—and replant a new, healthy forest for the next generation? Excluded. Providing tools that help manage our forests in western and southern Oregon—where some of Oregon’s worst fires have been in recent years? Excluded, even after devastating fires like the Klondike Fire pictured here burned more than 175,000 acres. People in southern Oregon are tired of choking on smoke every year because of poor management. Recently a dad from Jackson County recounted how his daughter with cystic fibrosis had to move away saying ‘‘it’s been devastating for us a family. We wish our daughter could live with us.’’ But, as he went on to say, ‘‘When you can’t breathe, nothing else matters.’’ 
You can understand people’s disappointment when they see little here to help their region, while efforts continue to lock up more southern Oregon forests as more wilderness— a contributor to several large fires in recent years. As someone from Medford told me last night, if something doesn’t change, ‘‘We’re gonna get killed.’’ Meanwhile, in central Oregon, the 5,000 residents of Crooked River Ranch are worried they will become the next Paradise, California. We’ve worked together on a simple public safety bill to make a small adjustment to a neighboring Wilderness Study Area so critical fire prevention work can be done to protect the community. Our bill passed the House unanimously, passed a Senate Committee unanimously, has broad support from the local community, and is ready to be voted on today. Unfortunately, partisan posturing in the Senate is holding this critical public safety bill hostage over unrelated public lands measures. The Senate needs to stop playing with fire and the lives of people of Crooked River Ranch, and pass my legislation before the end of this Congress. We do not want to see images of homes turned to ash and lives destroyed in central Oregon all because politics got in the way of protecting lives. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ), who has been one of the leaders in this Congress, fighting on behalf of the most vulnerable in our country. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for yielding, and I commend my colleagues of the farm bill conference committee in both the House and the Senate for strengthening the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program and rejecting harmful cuts and onerous hurdles that would have made efforts of struggling families working to escape poverty more difficult. This conference agreement very specifically protects SNAP’s categorical eligibility. What a victory we have won by not throwing 235,000 children, including 23,000 in my home State of Wisconsin, off school lunch, as the House bill proposed. b1245 It rejected language to impose a lifetime ban on SNAP assistance for individuals reentering the community from incarceration. It rejected harsh work requirements and extremely limited time restrictions proposed in the House bill, which would have left millions of Americans hungry and vulnerable. And as a true compromise, Mr. Speaker, nobody got everything they wanted. For example, we still must work to strengthen access for seniors and people with disabilities who face difficulties participating in SNAP. That is a fight that we are going to continue to fight in the next Congress. But for the meantime, let’s not have the perfect be the enemy of the good, and let’s celebrate that we won’t be taking food off the table for millions this holiday season. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. MARSHALL ). Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for giving me an opportunity to speak today. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the work of the House and Senate Agriculture Committees. This afternoon, we will be considering the conference report of the 2018 farm bill. I am proud to have had the chance to work alongside two of my great mentors, Senator PATROBERTS and my House colleague, Chairman MIKECONAWAY , on this bill. While the national media might not spend much time reporting on this one, I want to take a moment and recognize both the importance of this bill and the work done by the farmers and ranchers it protects. Mr. Speaker, Kansans sent us to Congress to get a farm bill done, and I am honored to be here today to say we delivered for Kansans. I can’t hold a townhall or listening session in my district without hearing about the importance of this bill. Our farmers need certainty and a responsible safety net that can protect them from the whims of nature and markets that are far out of control. Crop prices have dropped 50 percent since the last farm bill, and that impact is showing up in the bottom lines of producers across the country. In Kansas, farm bankruptcies are up six times in just 3 years. I am not here to fearmonger but to share the seriousness of the state of the agriculture economy. Mr. Speaker, as I vote here today, I will be thinking of and honoring my parents and grandparents, knowing this legislation well preserved the rural way of life from which I was raised and the work ethic that was taught to me on those family farms. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again, for those of us who support the farm bill, we want to be able to support the rule for consideration of the farm bill; but, unfortunately, the Republican leadership decided to mess things up by inserting language that would prevent this Congress from debating the war in Yemen, one of the worst humanitarian crises in the world. The gentleman from Washington states: Well, we are going to have a briefing tomorrow. It is not timely. Well, the bottom line is, in this rule, it not only prohibits us from debating the war in Yemen with regard to the War Powers Resolution, it prohibits us from debating it for the rest of the Congress. What if we learn something tomorrow that prompts action on the other side of the aisle? You basically have said, ‘‘No. No.’’ This is ridiculous. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ), the distinguished ranking member of the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Tax Policy. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, what cruel irony that this rule, dealing, in part, with too much food in America, will deny food to millions in Yemen. In that remote corner of the world, of which most Americans know very little, 85,000 children have already died, and another 12 million people are on starvation’s brink. This very day, more children will die of starvation and disease. In an eloquent plea this week, Nick Kristof reports on one of them, an 8 yearold boy who is starving, and his limbs are like sticks. ‘‘He gazes stolidly ahead, tuning out everything,’’ as his ‘‘body focuses every calorie simply on keeping [his] organs functioning,’’ weighing just over 30 pounds. United Nations officials have warned that ‘‘this could become the worst famine’’ in the world in a generation. Mr. Kristof rightly concludes very succinctly. ‘‘The bottom line: Our tax dollars are going to starve children.’’ Suffering is rising; American bombs are still falling. When the Saudi coalition attacked a schoolbus, killing 40 little children, scrawled on the remains of the bomb were words that meant ‘‘made in America.’’ With today’s rule, Trump’s enablers here in this House, they tell him to keep it up, keep supporting the murderous Saudi regime for whom they can see no evil and hear no evil, even if there is a recording of the Saudi murder and dismemberment of an American resident available to listen to. This rule today prohibits a fair debate and a vote on this floor because the Republican leaders know that so many members of their own party, along with Democrats, can no longer stomach these atrocities. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from the State of Texas. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, atrocities that are supported with American tax dollars. They fear that a bipartisan majority of this House would reject what has become a wretched stain on our Nation. Last month, this same group of Trump enablers buried consideration of our resolution to end this atrocity in a bill about gray wolves, and, today, they bury Yemenis again with a bill about American agricultural abundance. As Americans celebrate this special, joyous season of Christmas, the Trump administration, if we do not act today, will continue to write the epitaph on the mass graves in Yemen. Let’s reject this rule today and put a stop to this egregious wrongdoing. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, just let me say: Are the atrocities that are taking place in Yemen a serious matter? Absolutely, they are. Do they deserve to be debated and discussed to find solutions on what we 
can provide? Absolutely. And after tomorrow morning’s briefing, if there is something that we feel that we need to do, we can respond with quickness, with nimbleness, and we can provide those solutions if we think there is a necessary solution to be had. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ). Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Washington for yielding. This farm bill is a win for Montana’s farmers and ranchers who work the land, feed our country and the world. As they know too well, weather and markets bring uncertainty. This farm bill gives our farmers and ranchers a strong safety net that protects them against the impact of natural disasters and unpredictable, unfair trade practices of other countries. Mr. Speaker, this farm bill has Montana’s fingerprints on it, and it addresses many of our key priorities. It protects Montana’s sugar beet growers and processors, and it supports the Agricultural Research Service, which includes several experiment stations in Montana. It helps Montanans throughout the State by providing a grant for rural emergency services, training, and equipment, particularly in our rural areas. It improves how we manage our forests by empowering county governments to improve management of neighboring national forest lands. It also improves rural broadband that is so important to our small communities. Mr. Speaker, this farm bill works for Montana. I urge my colleagues to give America’s farmers and ranchers the certainty they need and vote for the farm bill conference report. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, and I rise today in support of the farm bill conference report. It is absolutely no secret that rural America, our farming communities, from Franklin County and Addison County in Vermont to the plains of Kansas and Iowa, to the Central Valley in California, are facing a crisis. This conference report contains a number of positive changes that will help in Vermont. First, nutrition: Thankfully, we are acceding to the Senate position. We have an economy where profits are up, record incomes for many people, and increased poverty and nutrition challenges for children. This makes certain that our kids are going to get the nutrition they need. Second, dairy: This farm bill revamps the existing dairy insurance program, known as Margin Protection, for a more effective and affordable insurance tool that is going to help our family farmers hang on. I still believe we need supply management. It is the only sustainable way to go, but this will help, and no one in Vermont needs more help and is deserving of more help than our dairy farmers who have done so much for our State. Third, maple: Maple syrup is really an important component, including for our dairy farmers. This bill halts a misguided FDA effort to require an ‘‘added sugar’’ label to pure maple syrup. This is a pretty stupid FDA regulation. It is now dead, gone forever, and it is really helpful to our maple industry. Fourth, organics: This farm bill doubles funding for Federal research into organic protection methods, improves oversight of the global organic trade, and funds the organic certification costshare program. More organics, better nutrition, more local agriculture, that is a very good thing. Fifth, hemp: This legislation legalizes industrial hemp production. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from the State of Vermont. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, this legislation legalizes industrial hemp production, something that Vermonters have been advocating for for decades. This is going to be a boost for local agriculture in Vermont and other parts of our country. And beyond these, there are a number of additional positive changes contained in the bill. While no one got everything they wanted and many of the urgent reforms that are needed on the commodity side are not part of this, this will be a positive contribution to the wellbeing of Vermont agriculture. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ARRINGTON ). Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Washington State for his leadership and the floor debate. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the 2018 farm bill, and I thank Chairman CONAWAY , COLLIN PETERSON , and all the members of the House Agriculture Committee staff for all their hard work. There is no single piece of legislation more important in my district or rural communities throughout this Nation than the farm bill, and given the depressed state of the farm economy, there has never been a more pressing time to get one passed. The 2018 farm bill significantly strengthens the agriculture safety net, which will give our producers the certainty they need to keep providing a safe and affordable supply of food to our families. It also makes important investments in rural infrastructure to help sustain these small towns that are so critical to our vibrant agriculture economy. Additionally, 18 of the 21 House passed reforms to the Food Stamp program are reflected in the final report, which strengthen the program’s integrity, provide needed oversight, and reduce waste, fraud, and abuse. Finally, this farm bill stewards the American taxpayer monies in a fiscally responsible way by having a farm bill that is budget neutral. Mr. Speaker, agriculture and traditional American values go hand in hand. Farmers and ranchers represent more than food and fiber. They symbolize a culture of faith, hard work, and independence, which has always been at the heart of America’s greatness. The 2018 farm bill will not only support our producers and families living in rural America, it will provide security and peace of mind to all Americans by maintaining our ability to feed and clothe our own people, or agriculture independence. I urge my colleagues, Mr. Speaker, to support our farmers and ranchers, to support rural America, to support agriculture independence in these United States, and I urge them to vote ‘‘yes’’ for the 2018 farm bill. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again, I am here to support the farm bill. Unfortunately, my Republican friends made the rule controversial. But another reason to support the farm bill, in addition to the strong nutrition title for those who are vulnerable here in the United States, the conference report also provides strong support for international food assistance programs, like Food for Peace, Food for Progress in McGovernDole, which is a program that I helped write several years ago, which provides food to some of the most vulnerable and poor children in the world in school settings. b1300 So this farm bill, in addition to helping our farmers, in addition to providing food security for people here in the United States, I think, also contributes to our national security around the world. And I point that out so my colleagues understand that this farm bill covers a whole, wide range of areas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I acknowledge that Ranking Member COLLIN PETERSON on the committee has done a good job balancing many special interests that are profoundly affected by the farm bill; solving a delicate series of political problems; and holding firm, protecting vital nutrition programs and things that I care about, that I have been working on for years, like hemp. But unfortunately, the bill is not addressing the crisis in American agriculture. I published a book earlier this year. The Fight for Food had an alternative farm bill. Some of the provisions have found their way into it. But this bill does not affect the crisis that we are facing in American agriculture; having small and mediumsized producers 
being squeezed out; the battle in terms of the chemical warfare in parts of America with Monsanto products that are threatening agriculture production; and we are actually seeing violence break out in terms of being unable to deal with this. We have a profound problem in terms of the environmental context that farmers face. Only one in four farmers are going to get access to the environmental programs they need. Now, there are some improvements in there, things I have been working on for years, but the fundamental problem, by flatlining it, we are not meeting the needs and, in fact, it is going to represent a reduction in absolute terms. It does nothing to address the crisis that agriculture is facing because of climate change and carbon pollution. We have a crop insurance program that doesn’t work for most farmers and ranchers, and it is grotesquely expensive. We have had efforts in Congress, committees, outside experts, that point to ways we can rein in these unjustified subsidies, save money, and have a program that works for most farmers and ranchers. But sadly, that will have to wait for another day. We are not investing in the future. We are not investing in farmers and ranchers who need the help the most, accelerating research, accelerating environmental programs, accelerating and investing more in beginning farmers. Mr. Speaker, it is not good enough to be able to solve the political problem, to solve the bill, and prevent the worst abuses that were being proposed. We need a farm and food bill for Americans who eat, who pay taxes, and for farmers and ranchers who want to practice on a sustainable basis on the smaller scale, not massive agricultural industrial production. This bill is a missed opportunity. And even though it has got some good things in it, I am going to vote against it because it is not nearly good enough. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would just like to say that my farmers and ranchers in the State of Washington, as well as we have heard earlier from the State of Oregon, do support the strengthening of the provisions in this bill to make sure that the farm economy can continue on in as strong a manner as possible, so there is widespread support in agricultural country around the Nation for this farm bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the great State of Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I was blessed to be a walkon football player for the University of Arkansas and participate on two 10win conference championship teams. Coach Ken Hatfield’s triple option offense averaged over 300 yards per game, but it came in small chunks that resulted in first downs, that resulted in touchdowns, and eventually led to victories. Mr. Speaker, farm incomes are down across the board. The West is consumed by wildfires. China and other nations are taking advantage of unfair trade laws. What rural America needs is a first down. Our farmers and ranchers need to see Congress move the ball forward and provide their families the protection and relief they need during these hard times. This conference report is not a Hail Mary. It does not contain everything that I would like to see in a farm bill, but it does move the ball forward. It is progress that our farmers need right now. I am disappointed that Senate Democrats blocked many needed forest management provisions as we continue to sift through the ashes of catastrophic wildfires. However, this conference report strengthens the farm safety net and provides certainty to our farmers. It does address some forest management issues. It provides millions of dollars in new funding to combat a range of issues facing rural America, from funding to eradicate feral hogs, to address the opioid crisis, and to expand rural broadband. This conference report moves farm policy in the right direction. I urge the adoption of the rule for this farm bill. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ). Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this legislation and, as a farm bill conferee, I would like to pass along my sincere thanks to the Members and staff who worked diligently to put together a good final product for the American people. This farm bill strikes the right balance by providing certainty to our hardworking farmers, while protecting our most vulnerable by rejecting the harsh SNAP cuts that were contained in the original House Republican bill, a very meaningful restoral. In fact, today, I was reminded, as I volunteered at the Capital Area Food Bank, that they serve 500,000 individuals who are food insecure annually in the Maryland, D.C., and Virginia area. I am particularly pleased with provisions that will benefit New York’s dairy farmers and producers of specialty crops, which together form the backbone of the agricultural economy in my 20th Congressional District and across upstate New York. This farm bill also recognizes the importance of expanding broadband access to the American people and, particularly, to those who don’t have access to a highspeed connection. I am disappointed, however, that we were unable to agree on stronger language to ensure Federal money is spent wisely. Investments in broadband internet infrastructure have the greatest impact on American lives and should be dealt with in a very resourceful way. Specifically, I argued for more interagency coordination. The Federal Communications Commission, the Department of Agriculture, and the National Telecommunications and Information Administration, need to coordinate with each other, not merely consult, when funding critical broadband internet infrastructure. When it comes to broadband internet spending, this bill provides limited investments and, because of that, we have a duty to stretch every dollar as far as possible. It is unfortunate that this concept was not included in the farm bill, but I plan to continue advocating for legislation that would require greater coordination amongst Federal agencies as we build out broadband. I was proud to work on a bipartisan basis to provide coordination language in the ACCESS BROADBAND Act which has already passed the House and is now being considered in the Senate. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. TONKO. I will continue working with my colleagues to improve coordination of Federal broadband programs so we can increase efficiency and eliminate duplicative or wasteful efforts. Finally, while I am grateful for the overall outcome of the legislation, as a conferee representing the views of the Energy and Commerce Committee, I was disappointed that on many issues in this legislation involving committee jurisdiction, the committee was not properly consulted. It is my hope that, in the future, all conferees will be allowed greater involvement and their voices will be heard, especially on issues that cross committee lines. Again, I would urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS). Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman CONAWAY and my fellow conferees on reaching a conference agreement that benefits all of agriculture. This bill maintains programs critical for central Illinois farmers, strengthens agricultural research, and improves protection for organic products. First and foremost, this bill ensures crop insurance remains a vital risk management tool for farmers. It also ensures farmers have a choice between two different commodity protection programs, something I fought for in the 2014 farm bill, and I am glad we were successful again in this farm bill. Consumer demand for organic products continues to increase, and this bill makes positive changes to support organic products by placing higher scrutiny on organic imports, helping farmers who seek organic certification, and increasing funding for organic research. 
The bill also strengthens agricultural research by including my bill to ensure USDA’s research focuses on agriculture’s mostneeded priorities and helps universities like the University of Illinois, Illinois State University, and Southern Illinois University at Edwardsville, in my district, continue important research. Additionally, ensuring rural communities have access to broadband is an important part of this bill. Not only do we invest in expanding broadband, we ensure rural communities have access to broadband that will now meet minimum standards and requirements for today’s technological age. We have written a strong bill for our farmers but, Mr. Speaker, 80 percent of this farm bill is related to SNAP, and that cannot be ignored. We missed a golden opportunity to fill in the cracks of our existing workforce development programs to get millions of families the opportunity to get educational benefits to get them out of poverty with the jobs that we know are available in this community. I am disappointed we weren’t successful, but I look forward to supporting this bill. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ), the ranking member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the rule because, once again, the majority is stifling debate on a critical national security issue. The gentleman from California (Mr. KHANNA ) has tried again and again to bring a debate forward in this body about where and how the United States military is engaged around the world. This is Congress’ responsibility, and not only has the majority abdicated that responsibility, they won’t even let us talk about it. Resolutions dealing with war powers have special privileges in Congress because these are such grave issues. That is how Congress wrote the law. The other body is grappling with this problem, but the majority in this body wants to pretend these issues just don’t exist, and they strip those privileges away with this rule. That is wrong. It is a betrayal of the men and women who serve this country in uniform. We won’t ignore these issues in the next Congress. We should defeat this rule and have a real debate. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Our military is not involved in hostilities surrounding the Yemeni civil war. As I said, tomorrow we are having a briefing that if we learn things, we can respond with urgency and nimbleness. To speak on this issue further, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ), the chairman of the Rules Committee. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the distinguished gentleman, Mr. NEWHOUSE , for giving me the time. Mr. Speaker, it is true that, from time to time, the Rules Committee does need to take the authority and the responsibility that they have, and the distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts will soon learn this next year as I assume he will assume that role as the new chairman of the Rules Committee. In fact, the arguments that are being made today relate to the substance of the bill. The bill that is at hand is very important, and that is the farm bill, the farm bill that we know has a 10 year window, that is net neutral, that protects the balances that we have talked about. But it updates not only the opportunities for people who were in rural areas to update that policy, but it reinvigorates our establishment by this House, and the United States Senate, that has already handled this bill, and the President, to reassert that which they believe is important; and that is, the men and women who live in the rural areas, the men and women who get up at 4 o’clock in the morning; men and women who are there protecting the grass roots, the soil, the topsoil of this country. We need them to serve not only this Nation but the world. It is true that hemp was added. Mr. COMER , who is a Member of Congress from Kentucky, last year began engaging me on this issue. We agreed that we would put it in. It is an important agricultural product and will aid and help very much so, not only a marketplace, but farmers in Kentucky and other places. b1315 As it relates to the Authorization for Use of Military Force, AUMF, I would like to tell my colleagues that, in fact, I did make that decision that we would include by not allowing, not debate, but a vote that would take place on this floor. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 10 seconds to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, so what we are going to do is, we are going to have a classified briefing tomorrow that will further allow debate based upon the facts of the case. Mr. Speaker, I assure you that we will be here all next week, and if the facts of the case warrant, we will address the issue then. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining on my side. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 3
1⁄2 minutes remaining. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. I think I am the final speaker here, so I will let the Republicans go ahead. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the good gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING). Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to speak out on behalf of the Fourth Congressional District of Iowa, which I claim is the number one agricultureproducing congressional district in all of America, and to support this underlying bill, which does a number of good things. I have heard that it provides certainty. When you deal with agriculture, I have some apprehension about that, Mr. Speaker, because certainty in agriculture seems to be an oxymoron to me. But it does provide predictability, and we owe that to our producers, in particular. So it does a number of good things. It sets up the ARC payments so that they will be identified to the physical location of the farm. That corrects an inequity. It has $255 million a year in there for MAP, market access, for foreign market development, for technical assistance, and the Emerging Markets Program. It addresses FMD beyond foreign market developments in another way, and that establishes a vaccine bank for foot and mouth disease, which we anticipate could well be something that could befell the United States. We need to be ready. I encourage also that we develop a GMO vaccine for FMD, so we can produce it in this country in sufficient quantities. This bill allows for that to be developed. Then it also increases the loan guarantees along the line, especially for our young producers, up to $1.75 million, and the direct loans to $400,000, and the direct farm ownership loans to $600,000. Those are all good things. I am really happy about the piece that goes in for Iowa State genome and phenome. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to address this. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, if I can inquire of the gentleman from Washington whether he has any additional speakers. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I have a couple more speakers, yes. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, we have a lot of interest in this issue, as you can tell. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ). Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the opportunity to speak here. I will just speak offthecuff. My staff wrote me a speech, but I have only 30 seconds to get this done. Mr. Speaker, let me tell you what farmers across my district say. They say that if you can get the Federal Government to relieve the regulatory burden and open up markets, we can farm in this country. We can succeed. Mother Nature is a treacherous business partner, and so the Federal Government needs to do all that it can to 
make sure that we are mitigating those uncertainties inflicted by Mother Nature that we have seen across the country this year, certainly in my district and other parts of the country. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to lend my support to this effort. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman CONAWAY for his exemplary leadership. To all those who supported this effort on the House and Senate side, I thank them so much. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the underlying bill. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I know that the gentleman has additional speakers over there. Would it be appropriate to ask unanimous consent to give the gentleman an additional 2 minutes? I have 3
1⁄2, but I am going to use that, but could we give them an additional 2 minutes? Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, there is no objection from this side of the aisle. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Massachusetts may yield 2 minutes to the majority. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I don’t want to yield 2 minutes. I ask unanimous consent for the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) to have an additional 2 minutes. If there is no objection, is that—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair cannot entertain that unanimous consent request. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) to control. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I can’t tell you how much gratitude I feel to the gentleman from Massachusetts for leading in a bipartisan manner. I appreciate that very much. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS ), my good colleague. Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, the American farmer is the greatest antipoverty program that the world has ever seen. Certainly in my district, agriculture is a way of life. It is our number one industry, and getting this farm bill done this year is a top priority for eastern Washington. I am proud that this legislation includes important priorities around crop insurance, expanding the Market Access Program, and ensuring agriculture research for cuttingedge products that is done at Washington State University and many others. As I talk with farmers all around eastern Washington, they often stress the importance of these priorities. I was grateful to have the Secretary of Agriculture, Sonny Perdue, visit and talk with the farmers of eastern Washington, as well as the chairman of the committee, MICHAEL CONAWAY , come to eastern Washington. This legislation also includes important provisions for forestry: better forest management on forests like the Colville National Forest, which is in my district; expanding the Good Neighbor Authority; fixing fire borrowing. This is all so important to healthy forests. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support the farm bill conference report. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, does the gentleman have any more speakers? Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman very much for being gracious with his time, but, no, I have no more speakers. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, do I have 2
1⁄2minutes remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 2
1⁄2 minutes remaining. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I might consume. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 7264, a continuing resolution to fund the remainder of the government and extend the National Flood Insurance Program, the Violence Against Women Act, and the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families Act until September 30. I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I hope people will vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so we can debate this and vote on keeping our government open. But I would just close by again saying to my colleagues that this farm bill is not a great bill, but it is a good bill. It is the result of bipartisan negotiations at a conference committee that produced something that I think both Democrats and Republicans can come together and support. I am supporting this bill because it is good on the nutrition title. As you know, I have spent a lot of time in this Chamber talking about the issues of hunger and food insecurity in this country. There are 40 million Americans who don’t have enough to eat, who are hungry, and this is in the richest and most powerful country in the world. I am ashamed of that fact. Every Member of this House should be ashamed of that fact. Hunger is a political condition. We can fix it, if we had the political will. This farm bill is not as robust as I would like it to be under the nutrition title, but it does no harm. It doesn’t increase hunger. It doesn’t throw people off of SNAP. It doesn’t make hunger worse in this country. It is deserving of bipartisan support, so I hope all of my Democratic colleagues will vote in favor of this farm bill. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank all those who came together to construct this compromise. It is a much, much better product than what came out of this House, and this is a vote that we can be proud of. I hope that everybody will support it. Finally, I regretfully have to say I urge my colleagues to vote against the rule, because the Republicans couldn’t help themselves and had to insert this Yemen issue into this rule. This issue has been going on for years. This is not a new phenomenon, what is happening in Yemen. It is a tragedy that has gone on for years. We know it is happening. We know it is long time past since we should act. Mr. Speaker, we should defeat the rule, have another rule that is just on the farm bill, and we ought to be debating this issue of Yemen. Mr. Speaker, vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question, vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule, and vote ‘‘yes’’ on the farm bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Again, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for his yielding extra time to us to allow many of our Members to speak on this important issue. I look forward to reciprocating at some point in the future. Mr. Speaker, as you heard, there are a lot of wins in this bill for rural America, especially in these extremely difficult economic times in farm country around the United States. The 2018 farm bill will help provide certainty for the American farmer and for the rural communities that they support. Families who work every day to put food on our tables deserve our support. Before I yield back, Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD a letter that was led by the American Farm Bureau that has no fewer than 489 organizations around the country, every State in the union, supporting H.R. 2. 
DECEMBER 12, 2018. THEHONORABLE , U.S. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : The undersigned organizations would like to express our support for H.R. 2, the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, and urge its adoption. This farm bill supports farmers and ranchers, protects crop insurance and conservation programs, invests in efforts to expand foreign markets, protects animal health and prioritizes agricultural research and rural development. This bill is critical to providing all stakeholders, including farmers, ranchers and consumers, with consistent policy for the next five years as well as the sectors and industries that rely on them. American rural economies are struggling in the face of successive years of declining prices, high and rising foreign tariffs and subsidies, and the unpredictability of Mother Nature. This farm bill helps address these and countless other issues to ensure farmers, ranchers, and rural America can survive these difficult times. Your support is key to enacting this important piece of legislation. We respectfully urge you to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 2. Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics; Ag New Mexico, Farm Credit Services, ACA; AgCarolina Farm Credit, ACA; AgChoice Farm Credit, ACA; AgCountry Farm Credit Services, ACA; AgCredit, ACA; AgFirst Farm Credit Bank; AgGeorgia Farm Credit, ACA; AgHeritage Farm Credit Services, ACA; 
AgPreference, ACA; AgriBank, FCB; Agricultural Council of Arkansas; AgSouth Farm Credit, ACA; AgTexas Farm Credit Services; AgVantis, Inc.; Alabama Ag Credit, ACA. Alabama Cotton Commission; Alabama Farm Credit, ACA; Alabama Farmers Federation; Alabama Independent Insurance Agents Association; Alabama Peanut Producers Association; Alaska Farm Bureau, Inc.; Amalgamated Sugar Company LLC; Amcot; American AgCredit, ACA; American AgriWomen; American Association of Crop Insurers; American Bankers Association; American Beekeeping Federation; American Beverage Association; American Cotton Shippers Association. American Crystal Sugar Company; American Farm Bureau Federation; American Farmland Trust; American Malting Barley Association; American Pulse Association; American Seed Trade Association; American Sheep Industry; American Society of Agronomy; American Society of Animal Science; American Society of Farm Managers and Rural Appraisers; American Soybean Association; American Sugar Alliance; American Sugar Cane League; American Sugarbeet Growers Association; American Veterinary Medical Association. American Water Works Association; American Wood Council; Anderson’s Maple Syrup, Inc.; Animal Health Institute; ArborOne Farm Credit; ArborOne, ACA; Arizona Cotton Growers Association; Arizona Farm Bureau Federation; Arkansas Cattlemen’s Association; Arkansas Community Bankers; Arkansas Cotton Warehouse Association; Arkansas Farm Bureau; Arkansas Forestry Association; Arkansas Rice Federation; Association of American Universities. Association of American Veterinary Medical Colleges; Association of Equipment Manufacturers; Bascom Maple Farms, Inc.; Big I New Jersey; Big I New York; Biotechnology Innovation Organization; Blackland Cotton and Grain Producers, Inc.; Calcot, LTD; California Association of Wheat Growers; California Cotton Ginners and Growers Association; California Farm Bureau Federation; Cape Fear Farm Credit, ACA; Capital Farm Credit, ACA; Carolina Farm Credit, ACA; Catfish Farmers of Arkansas; Central Kentucky, ACA. Central Texas Farm Credit, ACA; Cherry Marketing Institute; Clemson University Extension; CoBank, ACB; College of Agricultural, Consumer and Environmental Sciences at the University of Illinois; Colonial Farm Credit, ACA; Colorado Association of Wheat Growers; Colorado Corn Growers Association; Colorado Farm Bureau; Colorado Sorghum Association; Community Bankers Association of Georgia; Community Bankers Association of Illinois; Community Bankers Association of Kansas; Community Bankers Association of Ohio; Community Bankers of Michigan; Compeer Financial, ACA. Connecticut Farm Bureau Association; Corn Growers of North Carolina; Corn Refiners Association; Cotton and Grain Producers of Lower Rio Grande Valley; Cotton Growers Cooperative; Cotton Growers Warehouse Association; Cotton Producers of Missouri; Cotton Warehouse Association of America; Cottonseed and Feed Association; Crop Insurance and Reinsurance Bureau; Crop Insurance Professionals Association; Crop Science Society of America; Dairy Farmers of AmericaMichigan; Delaware Farm Bureau; Delta Agricultural Credit Association; Delta Council. Ducks Unlimited; Edge Dairy Farmer Cooperative; Entomological Society of America; Farm Credit Bank of Texas; Farm Credit Council; Farm Credit East, ACA; Farm Credit Illinois, ACA; Farm Credit MidAmerica, ACA; Farm Credit Midsouth, ACA; Farm Credit of Central Florida, ACA; Farm Credit of Enid, ACA; Farm Credit of Florida, ACA; Farm Credit of New Mexico, ACA; Farm Credit of Northwest Florida, ACA; Farm Credit of Southern Colorado, ACA. Farm Credit of the Virginias, ACA; Farm Credit of Western Kansas, ACA; Farm Credit of Western Oklahoma, ACA; Farm Credit Services of America, ACA; Farm Credit Services of ColusaGlenn, ACA; Farm Credit Services of Hawaii, ACA; Farm Credit Services of Mandan, ACA; Farm Credit Services of North Dakota, ACA; Farm Credit Services of Western Arkansas, ACA; Farm Credit Southeast Missouri, ACA; Farm Journal Foundation; FCS Financial, ACA; First South Farm Credit, ACA; Florida Association of Insurance Agents; Florida Cattlemen’s Association. Florida Citrus Mutual; Florida Farm Bureau Federation; Florida Peanut Producers Association; Florida Sugar Cane League; Food Producers of Idaho; FresnoMadera Farm Credit, ACA; Frontier Farm Credit, ACA; Georgia Agribusiness Council; Georgia Bankers Association; Georgia Cattlemen’s Association; Georgia Cotton Commission; Georgia Farm Bureau; Georgia Forestry Association; Georgia Fruit and Vegetable Growers Association; Georgia Peanut Commission. Georgia Poultry Federation; Georgia/Florida Soybean Associations; Glades Crop Care, Inc.; Global Cold Chain Alliance; Golden State Farm Credit, ACA; Great Plains Canola Association; GreenStone Farm Credit Services, ACA; Harvest Land Coop; Heritage Land Bank, ACA; High Plains Farm Credit, ACA; Hill Country Conservancy; Idaho AgCredit, ACA; Idaho Alfalfa/Clover Seed Commission; Idaho Alfalfa/Clover Seed Growers Association; Idaho Association of Soil Conservation Districts. Idaho Cooperative Council, Inc.; Idaho Dairymen’s Association; Idaho Farm Bureau Federation; Idaho Grain Producers Association; Idaho Hay & Forage Association; Idaho Honey Industry Association; Idaho Oilseed Commission; Idaho Onion Growers’ Association; Idaho Weed Control Association; Illinois Farm Bureau; Illinois Soybean Growers; Independent Bankers Association of New York State; Independent Bankers Association of Texas; Independent Bankers of Colorado; Independent Banks of South Carolina. Independent Community Bankers Association of New Mexico; Independent Community Bankers of America; Independent Community Bankers of Minnesota; Independent Community Bankers of South Dakota; Independent Community Banks of North Dakota; Independent Insurance Agents & Brokers of America; Independent Insurance Agents & Brokers of Louisiana; Independent Insurance Agents & Brokers of South Carolina; Independent Insurance Agents and Brokers of Arizona; Independent Insurance Agents and Brokers of California; Independent Insurance Agents and Brokers of Idaho; Independent Insurance Agents and Brokers of Oregon; Independent Insurance Agents Association of Montana; Independent Insurance Agents of Arkansas; Independent Insurance Agents of Connecticut. Independent Insurance Agents of Illinois; Independent Insurance Agents of Indiana; Independent Insurance Iowa; Independent Insurance Agents of Maryland; Independent Insurance Agents of Mississippi; Independent Insurance Agents of Nebraska; Independent Insurance Agents of New Mexico; Independent Insurance Agents of North Dakota; Independent Insurance Agents of Rhode Island; Independent Insurance Agents of South Dakota; Independent Insurance Agents of Virginia; Independent Insurance Agents of Wisconsin; Indiana Bankers Association; Indiana Corn Growers Association; Indiana Farm Bureau. Indiana Soybean Alliance; Insurance Agents & Brokers of Delaware; Insurance Agents & Brokers of Pennsylvania; International Dairy Foods Association; International Maple Syrup Institute; Iowa Farm Bureau Federation; Iowa Soybean Association; IR–4 Project; Kansas Association of Wheat Growers; Kansas Cotton Association; Kansas Farm Bureau; Kansas Grain Sorghum Producers Association; Kansas Soybean Association; Kansas State University; Kentucky Cattlemen’s Associations. Kentucky Corn Growers Association; Kentucky Dairy Development Council; Kentucky Farm Bureau; Kentucky Forage and Grassland Council; Kentucky Pork Producers Association; Kentucky Poultry Federation; Kentucky Sheep and Goat Association; Kentucky Small Grain Growers Association; Kentucky Soybean Association; Kentucky Woodland Owners Association; Land O’Lakes, Inc.; Legacy Ag Credit, ACA; Livestock Marketing Association; Lone Star, ACA; Louisiana Cotton and Grain Associations. Louisiana Farm Bureau Federation; Louisiana Independent Rice Producers Association; Louisiana Independent Warehouse Association; Louisiana Land Bank, ACA; MACMA Processing Apple Growers; MACMA Processing Asparagus Growers; Maine Farm Bureau; Maine Insurance Agents Association; Maine Maple Products, Inc.; Maple Syrup Producers Association of Connecticut; Maryland Farm Bureau; Massachusetts Association of Insurance Agents; MBG Marketing, The Blueberry People; Metro Detroit Flower Growers Association; Michigan Ag Commodities. Michigan Allied Poultry Industries; Michigan Apple Association; Michigan Aquaculture Association; Michigan Asparagus Research Committee; Michigan Association of Insurance Agents; Michigan Bean Commission; Michigan Cattlemen’s Association; Michigan Christmas Tree Association; Michigan Corn Growers Association; Michigan Equine Partnership; Michigan Farm Bureau; Michigan Food Processors Association; Michigan Great Lakes International; Michigan Greenhouse Growers Council; Michigan Milk Producers Association. Michigan Nursery Lawn and Landscape Association; Michigan Pork Producers Association; Michigan Sheep Producers Association; Michigan Soybean Association; Michigan State University, College of Agriculture and Natural Resources; Michigan Sugar Company; Michigan Vegetable Council; MidAtlantic Farm Credit, ACA; MidAtlantic Soybean Association; MinnDak Farmers Cooperative; Minnesota Association of Wheat Growers; Minnesota Barley Growers Association; Minnesota Corn Growers Association; Minnesota Farm Bureau; Minnesota Soybean Growers Association. Mississippi Beekeepers Association; Mississippi Cattlemen’s Association; Mississippi Corn Growers Association; Mississippi Farm Bureau Federation; Mississippi Land Bank, ACA; Mississippi Peanut Growers Association; Mississippi Poultry Association; Mississippi Rice Council; Mississippi Soybean Association; Missouri Association of Insurance Agents; Missouri Farm Bureau; Missouri Independent Bankers Association; Missouri Soybean Association; Montana Association of Wheat Growers; Montana Farm Bureau Federation. National AllJersey Inc; National Association for the Advancement of Animal Science; National Association of Conservation Districts; National Association of Mutual Insurance Companies; National Association of Plant Breeders; National Association of Professional Insurance Agents; National Association of State Departments of Agriculture; National Association of Wheat Growers; National Barley Growers Association; National 
Barley Improvement Committee; National Bobwhite Conservation Initiative; National Coalition for Food and Agricultural Research; National Corn Growers Association; National Cotton Council. National Cotton Ginners Association; National Cottonseed Products Association; National Council of Farmer Cooperatives; National Council of Textile Organizations; National Crop Insurance Services; National Farmers Union; National Grain and Feed Association; National Milk Producers Federation; National Oilseed Processors Association; National Onion Association; National Peach Council; National Pork Producers Council; National Rural Electric Cooperative Association; National Rural Lenders; National Sorghum Producers. National Sunflower Association; Nebraska Farm Bureau Federation; Nebraska Independent Community Bankers; Nebraska Soybean Association; Nebraska Wheat Growers Association; New Hampshire Farm Bureau; New Hampshire Maple Producers Association; New Jersey Farm Bureau; New Mexico Sorghum Association; New York Corn and Soybean Growers Association; New York Farm Bureau; Nezperce Prairie Grass Growers Association; NonLandGrant Agriculture and Renewable Resources Universities; North Carolina Agribusiness Council, Inc.; North Carolina Cattlemen’s Association. North Carolina Cotton Producers Association; North Carolina Farm Bureau; North Carolina Peanut Growers Association; North Carolina Pork Council; North Carolina Small Grain Growers Association; North Carolina Soybean Producers Association; North Carolina State University, College of Agriculture and Life Sciences; North Carolina Sweet Potato Commission; North Dakota Farm Bureau; North Dakota Grain Growers Association; North Dakota Soybean Growers Association; Northeast Dairy Farmers Cooperatives; Northern Canola Growers Association; Northern Pulse Growers Association; Northwest Farm Credit Services, ACA. Ohio Corn and Wheat Association; Ohio Farm Bureau Federation; Ohio Insurance Agents Association; Ohio Soybean Association; Oklahoma AgCredit, ACA; Oklahoma Cotton Council; Oklahoma Farm Bureau; Oklahoma Sorghum Association; Oklahoma Wheat Growers Association; Oregon Bankers Association; Oregon Farm Bureau Federation; Oregon Wheat Growers League; Pacific Northwest Canola Association; Palmetto AgriBusiness Council; Panhandle Peanut Growers Association; Penn State University. Pennsylvania Farm Bureau; Pheasants Forever; Plains Cotton Cooperative Association; Plains Cotton Growers, Inc.; Plains Land Bank, FLCA; Pollinator Partnership; Potato Growers of Michigan; Prairie Water User Group; Premier Farm Credit, ACA; Produce Marketing Association; Puerto Rico Farm Credit, ACA; Purdue University; Quail Forever; Rain and Hail Insurance Society; Reinsurance Association of America. Rhode Island Farm Bureau Federation; Rice Producers of California; Rio Grande Valley Sugar Growers; River Valley AgCredit, ACA; Rochester Institute of Technology; Rolling Plains Cotton Growers, Inc.; Rural Community Insurance Services; San Joaquin Valley Quality Cotton Growers Association; Select Milk Producers, Inc.; Sidney Sugars Incorporated; Society of American Florists; Soil Science Society of America; South Carolina Cotton Board; South Carolina Farm Bureau; South Carolina Peach Council. South Dakota Farm Bureau; South Dakota Wheat Incorporated; South East Dairy Farmers Association; South Texas Cotton and Grain Association; Southeastern Lumber Manufacturers Association; Southern AgCredit, ACA; Southern Association of Agricultural Experiment Station Directors; Southern Cotton Growers, Inc.; Southern Minnesota Beet Sugar Cooperative; Southern Peanut Farmers Federation; Southern Rolling Plains Cotton Growers Association; Southwest Council of Agribusiness; Southwest Georgia Farm Credit, ACA; Spreckels Sugar Company; St. Lawrence Cotton Growers Association. Staplcotn Coop Association; Supporters of Agricultural Research (SoAR) Foundation; Sustainable Food Policy Alliance; Tennessee Farm Bureau Federation; Texas Agricultural Cooperative Council; Texas Agricultural Irrigation Association; Texas Cattle Feeders Association; Texas Citrus Mutual; Texas Corn Producers Association; Texas Farm Bureau; Texas Farm Credit Services; Texas Grain and Feed Association; Texas Grain Sorghum Association; Texas Pecan Growers Association; Texas Rice Council. Texas Rice Producers Legislative Group; Texas Seed Trade Association; Texas Soybean Association; Texas Wheat Producers Association; The Fertilizer Institute; The Property Casualty Insurers Association of America; U.S. Apple Association; U.S. Pea and Lentil Trade Association; United Dairymen of Arizona; United Fresh Produce Association; United Onions USA, Inc.; University of Tennessee at Martin College of Agriculture and Applied Sciences; US Beet Sugar Association; US Canola Association; US Dry Bean Council. US Rice Producers Association; US Sweet Potato Council; USA Dry Pea & Lentil Council; USA Rice; Vermont Farm Bureau; Vermont Insurance Agents Association; Virginia Agribusiness Council; Virginia Cotton Growers Association; Virginia Farm Bureau; Virginia Soybean Association; Washington Association of Wheat Growers; Washington Farm Bureau; Washington State Potato Commission; Washington State Sheep Producers; Washington State University; Washington State University, CAHNRS; Washington State University, College of Veterinary Medicine. Weed Science Society of America; Western AgCredit, ACA; Western Equipment Dealers Association; Western Growers; Western Peanut Growers Association; Western Pulse Growers Association; Western Sugar Cooperative; Western United Dairymen; Wisconsin Farm Bureau Federation; Wisconsin Maple Syrup Producers Association; Wisconsin Soybean Association; Women Involved in Farm Economics; Wyoming Sugar Company, LLC; Wyoming Wheat Growers Association; Yankee Farm Credit, ACA; Yosemite Farm Credit, ACA; Yuma Fresh Vegetable Association; Zurich North America. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support the rule and the conference report to accompany H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 1176 O FFERED BY  MR. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: SEC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule VIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 7264) making further additional continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2019, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 4. Cause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 7264. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule 
[a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5 minute votes on: Adoption of the resolution, if ordered; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 220, nays 191, not voting 21, as follows: 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—191 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones (MI) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Morelle Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wild Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—21 
Aderholt Barletta Black Blackburn Buchanan Comstock Ellison Hartzler Hastings Hunter Jones (NC) Keating Knight Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Polis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Shuster Stewart Walz 
b1400 Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN, Ms. FUDGE, Mr. PETERS, Mrs. NAPOLITANO, Messrs. SCHNEIDER, and PASCRELL changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. AMASH and BROOKS of Alabama changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 206, noes 203, not voting 24, as follows: 
Abraham Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Bost Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis 
RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (WI) Scalise Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones (MI) Jordan Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Labrador Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Moore Morelle Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pocan Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wild Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Aderholt Barletta Black Blackburn Buchanan Comstock Davidson Ellison Grijalva Hartzler Hastings Hunter Jones (NC) Keating Knight Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Polis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Shuster Smith (NJ) Stewart Walz ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2454) to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a data framework to provide access for appropriate personnel to law enforcement and other information of the Department, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Data Framework Act of 2018’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) DEVELOPMENT .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall develop a data framework to integrate existing Department of Homeland Security datasets and systems, as appropriate, for access by authorized personnel in a manner consistent with relevant legal authorities and privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties policies and protections. (2) REQUIREMENTS .—In developing the framework required under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ensure, in accordance with all applicable statutory and regulatory requirements, the following information is included: (A) All information acquired, held, or obtained by an office or component of the Department of Homeland Security that falls within the scope of the information sharing environment, including homeland security information, terrorism information, weapons of mass destruction information, and national intelligence. (B) Any information or intelligence relevant to priority mission needs and capability requirements of the homeland security enterprise, as determined appropriate by the Secretary. (b) DATAFRAMEWORK ACCESS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall ensure that the data framework required under this section is accessible to employees of the Department of Homeland Security who the Secretary determines— (A) have an appropriate security clearance; (B) are assigned to perform a function that requires access to information in such framework; and (C) are trained in applicable standards for safeguarding and using such information. (2) GUIDANCE .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall— (A) issue guidance for Department of Homeland Security employees authorized to access and contribute to the data framework pursuant to paragraph (1); and (B) ensure that such guidance enforces a duty to share between offices and components of the Department when accessing or contributing to such framework for mission needs. (3) EFFICIENCY .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall promulgate data standards and instruct components of the Department of Homeland Security to make available information through the data framework required under this section in a machinereadable standard format, to the greatest extent practicable. (c) EXCLUSION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec retary of Homeland Security may exclude information from the data framework required under this section if the Secretary determines inclusion of such information may— (1) jeopardize the protection of sources, methods, or activities; (2) compromise a criminal or national security investigation; (3) be inconsistent with other Federal laws or regulations; or (4) be duplicative or not serve an operational purpose if included in such framework. (d) SAFEGUARDS .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall incorporate into the data framework required under this section systems capabilities for auditing and ensuring the security of information included in such framework. Such capabilities shall include the following: (1) Mechanisms for identifying insider threats. (2) Mechanisms for identifying security risks. (3) Safeguards for privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties. (e) DEADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ensure the data framework required under this section has the ability to include appropriate information in existence within the Department of Homeland Security to meet the critical mission operations of the Department of Homeland Security. (f) NOTICE TO CONGRESS .— (1) STATUS UPDATES .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees regular updates on the status of the data framework until the framework is fully operational. (2) OPERATIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the data framework required under this section is fully operational, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide notice to the appropriate congressional committees that the data framework is fully operational. (3) VALUE ADDED .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall annually brief Congress on component use of the data framework required under this section to support operations that disrupt terrorist activities and incidents in the homeland. (g) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEE ; 
HOMELAND .—The terms ‘‘appropriate congressional committee’’ and ‘‘homeland’’ have the meaning given those terms in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101). (2) HOMELAND SECURITY INFORMATION .—The term ‘‘homeland security information’’ has the meaning given such term in section 892 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 482). (3) NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE .—The term ‘‘national intelligence’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3(5) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(5)). (4) TERRORISM INFORMATION .—The term ‘‘terrorism information’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1016 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (6 U.S.C. 485). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) and the gentlewoman from New York (Miss RICE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2454, the Department of Homeland Security Data Framework Act. This legislation provides the first ever authorization for the DHS data framework. Under this initiative, the Department is bringing together vital DHS databases, including travel and cargo information, investigative data, and critical infrastructure data, among other things. Mr. Speaker, Americans would not only be surprised, but appalled to learn about the number of informationsharing stovepipes that still exist within the Department of Homeland Security. This bill will bring together the datasets in each of the classified and unclassified spaces to ensure that the men and women working at the Department have the information they need to keep our Nation safe. This bill also mandates privacy and security safeguards, training for departmental personnel, and requires the Secretary to ensure information in the framework is both protected and auditable. The House has overwhelmingly supported this measure twice before as part of the DHS Authorization Act, on July 20, 2017, and again as a standalone measure on September 12, 2017. The Senate made some minor changes to the bill and passed it on December 6. With today’s vote, we will send this bill to the President’s desk for his signature. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to again support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2454, the Department of Homeland Security Data Framework Act of 2017. The Department of Homeland Security Data Framework Act directs the 
Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a data framework consolidating existing databases and systems at the Department. H.R. 2454 requires the Secretary to ensure that this data framework is accessible to DHS employees with proper clearances and that they are trained to safeguard and use such information when appropriate. The central data framework will help cut down on the processing time of data searchs and allow analysts at DHS agencies to more efficiently access information across the Department. I want to thank my colleague, Congressman WILLHURD, for introducing this legislation, and Senator MAGGIE  HASSAN for introducing its companion in the Senate. This bill has already passed the House once before, and I look forward to the President signing it into law this year. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this bill is an important piece of legislation that has strong support on both sides of the aisle. It will improve DHS’ operations by moving it towards a consolidated data system, enhancing the ability of the men and women serving at DHS to access, in a timely manner, the data that they need to fulfill their critical missions. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2454. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to urge my colleagues to support this piece of legislation once again. Again, we are authorizing the Department of Homeland Security’s data framework. It holds DHS accountable with aggressive timelines, includes robust requirements for privacy and data standards and data safeguards, as well as ensuring important congressional notifications continue. I would like to thank Chairman MCCAULand Ranking Member T HOMP SON for their support in moving this measure through the House, as well as all of our colleagues on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee for moving this bill through the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 2454. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
ASIA REASSURANCE INITIATIVE ACT OF 2018 Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2736) to develop a longterm strategic vision and a comprehensive, multifaceted, and principled United States policy for the IndoPacific region, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2736 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Asia Reassurance Initiative Act of 2018’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Findings. TITLE I—UNITED STATES POLICY AND DIPLOMATIC STRATEGY IN THE INDO PACIFIC REGION Sec. 101. Policy. Sec. 102. Diplomatic strategy. TITLE II—PROMOTING UNITED STATES SECURITY INTERESTS IN THE INDOPACIFIC REGION Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 202. Treaty alliances in the IndoPacific region. Sec. 203. United StatesChina relationship. Sec. 204. United StatesIndia strategic partnership. Sec. 205. United StatesASEAN strategic partnership. Sec. 206. United StatesRepublic of Korea Japan trilateral security partnership. Sec. 207. Quadrilateral security dialogue. Sec. 208. Enhanced security partnerships in Southeast Asia. Sec. 209. Commitment to Taiwan. Sec. 210. North Korea strategy. Sec. 211. New Zealand. Sec. 212. The Pacific Islands. Sec. 213. Freedom of navigation and overflight; promotion of international law. Sec. 214. Combating terrorism in Southeast Asia. Sec. 215. Cybersecurity cooperation. Sec. 216. Nonproliferation and arms control in the IndoPacific region. TITLE III—PROMOTING UNITED STATES ECONOMIC INTERESTS IN THE INDO PACIFIC REGION Sec. 301. Findings; sense of Congress. Sec. 302. Trade negotiations, multilateral agreements, and regional economic summits. Sec. 303. United StatesASEAN economic partnership. Sec. 304. Trade capacity building and trade facilitation. Sec. 305. Intellectual property protection. Sec. 306. Energy programs and initiatives. Sec. 307. Lower Mekong initiative. Sec. 308. Sense of Congress on economic growth and natural resource conservation. Sec. 309. Sense of Congress in support of women’s economic rights. TITLE IV—PROMOTING UNITED STATES VALUES IN THE INDOPACIFIC REGION Sec. 401. Findings. Sec. 402. Traffickinginpersons. Sec. 403. Freedom of the press. Sec. 404. Democracy, human rights, and labor personnel. Sec. 405. Bilateral and regional dialogues; peopletopeople engagement. Sec. 406. Association of Southeast Asian Nations Human Rights Strategy. Sec. 407. Freedom of information to North Korea. Sec. 408. Sense of Congress on imposition of sanctions and suspension of United States assistance. Sec. 409. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 410. IndoPacific human rights defenders. Sec. 411. Young leaders peopletopeople initiatives. SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) The IndoPacific region— (A) represents nearly 50 percent of the global population; (B) is home to some of the most dynamic economies in the world; and (C) poses security challenges that threaten to undermine United States national security interests, regional peace, and global stability. (2) The core tenets of the United States backed international system are being challenged, including by— (A) China’s illegal construction and militarization of artificial features in the South China Sea and coercive economic practices; (B) North Korea’s acceleration of its nuclear and ballistic missile capabilities; and (C) the increased presence throughout Southeast Asia of the Islamic State (referred to in this Act as ‘‘ISIS’’) and other international terrorist organizations that threaten the United States. (3) The economic order in the IndoPacific region continues to transform, presenting opportunities and challenges to United States economic interests. (4) The United States has a fundamental interest in defending human rights and promoting the rule of law in the IndoPacific region. Although many countries in the region have improved the treatment of their citizens, several IndoPacific governments continue to commit human rights abuses and place restrictions on basic human rights and political and civil liberties. (5) Without strong leadership from the United States, the international system, fundamentally rooted in the rule of law, may wither, to the detriment of United States, regional, and global interests. It is imperative that the United States continue to play a leading role in the IndoPacific region by— (A) defending peace and security; (B) advancing economic prosperity; and (C) promoting respect for fundamental human rights. (6) In 2017, the Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate held a series of hearings on United States leadership in the IndoPacific region, in which— (A) experts, including Representative Randy Forbes, Ambassador Robert Gallucci, Ms. Tami Overby, Dr. Robert Orr, Ambassador Derek Mitchell, Ambassador Robert King, Mr. Murray Hiebert, and others detailed the security challenges, economic opportunities, and imperatives of promoting the rule of law, human rights, and democracy, in the IndoPacific region; and (B) Dr. Graham Allison, the Douglas Dillon Professor of Government at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University, testified, ‘‘As realistic students of 
history, Chinese leaders recognize that the role the United States has played since World War II as the architect and underwriter of regional stability and security has been essential to the rise of Asia, including China itself. But they believe that as the tide that brought the United States to Asia recedes, America must leave with it. Much as Britain’s role in the Western Hemisphere faded at the beginning of the twentieth century, so must America’s role in Asia as the region’s historic superpower resumes its place.’’. (7) The United States National Security Strategy (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘National Security Strategy’’), which was released in December 2017, states— (A) ‘‘A geopolitical competition between free and repressive visions of world order is taking place in the IndoPacific region. The region, which stretches from the west coast of India to the western shores of the United States, represents the most populous and economically dynamic part of the world. The United States interest in a free and open IndoPacific extends back to the earliest days of our republic.’’; and (B) ‘‘Our vision for the IndoPacific excludes no nation. We will redouble our commitment to established alliances and partnerships, while expanding and deepening relationships with new partners that share respect for sovereignty, fair and reciprocal trade, and the rule of law. We will reinforce our commitment to freedom of the seas and the peaceful resolution of territorial and maritime disputes in accordance with international law. We will work with allies and partners to achieve complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization on the Korean Peninsula and preserve the nonproliferation regime in Northeast Asia.’’. TITLE I—UNITED STATES POLICY AND DIPLOMATIC STRATEGY IN THE INDO PACIFIC REGION 
It is the policy of the United States to develop and commit to a longterm strategic vision and a comprehensive, multifaceted, and principled United States policy for the IndoPacific region that— (1) secures the vital national security interests of the United States and our allies and partners; (2) promotes American prosperity and economic interests by advancing economic growth and development of a rulesbased IndoPacific economic community; (3) advances American influence by reflecting the values of the American people and universal human rights; (4) supports functional problemsolving regional architecture; and (5) accords with and supports the rule of law and international norms. 
It is the diplomatic strategy of the United States— (1) to work with United States allies— (A) to confront common challenges; (B) to improve information sharing; (C) to increase defense investment and trade; (D) to ensure interoperability; and (E) to strengthen shared capabilities; (2) to strengthen relationships with partners who— (A) share mutual respect for the rule of law; (B) agree with fair and reciprocal trade; and (C) understand the importance of civil society, the rule of law, the free and reliable flow of information, and transparent governance; (3) to support functional problemsolving regional architecture, including through the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, AsiaPacific Economic Cooperation, and the East Asia Summit; (4) to emphasize the commitment of the United States— (A) to freedom of navigation under international law; (B) to promote peaceful resolutions of maritime and territorial disputes; and (C) to expand security and defense cooperation with allies and partners, as appropriate; (5) to pursue diplomatic measures to achieve complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization of North Korea; (6) to improve civil society, strengthen the rule of law, and advocate for transparent governance; (7) to develop and grow the economy through private sector partnerships between the United States and IndoPacific partners; (8) to pursue multilateral and bilateral trade agreements in a free, fair, and reciprocal manner and build a network of partners in the IndoPacific committed to free markets; (9) to work with and encourage IndoPacific countries— (A) to pursue highquality and transparent infrastructure projects; (B) to maintain unimpeded commerce, open sea lines or air ways, and communication; and (C) to seek the peaceful resolution of disputes; and (10) to sustain a strong military presence in the IndoPacific region and strengthen security relationships with allies and partners throughout the region. TITLE II—PROMOTING UNITED STATES SECURITY INTERESTS IN THE INDOPACIFIC REGION SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) D EFINED TERM.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (3) the Committee on Finance of the Senate; (4) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; (5) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (6) the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. (b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated for the Department of State, the United States Agency for International Development, and, as appropriate, the Department of Defense, $1,500,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023, which shall be used— (1) to advance United States foreign policy interests and objectives in the IndoPacific region in recognition of the value of diplomatic initiatives and programs in the furtherance of United States strategy; (2) to improve the defense capacity and resiliency of partner nations to resist coercion and deter and defend against security threats, including through foreign military financing and international military education and training programs; (3) to conduct regular bilateral and multilateral engagements, particularly with the United States’ most highlycapable allies and partners, to meet strategic challenges, including— (A) certain destabilizing activities of the People’s Republic of China; and (B) emerging threats, such as the nuclear and ballistic missile programs of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea; (4) to build new counterterrorism partnership programs in Southeast Asia to combat the growing presence of ISIS and other terrorist organizations that pose a significant threat to the United States, its allies, and its citizens’ interests abroad; (5) to help partner countries strengthen their democratic systems, with a focus on good governance; (6) to ensure that the regulatory environments for trade, infrastructure, and investment in partner countries are transparent, open, and free of corruption; (7) to encourage responsible natural resource management in partner countries, which is closely associated with economic growth; and (8) to increase maritime domain awareness programs in South Asia and Southeast Asia— (A) by expanding the scope of naval and coast guard training efforts with Southeast Asian countries; (B) by expanding cooperation with democratic partners in South Asia, including Bangladesh, Nepal, and Sri Lanka; (C) through intelligence sharing and other informationsharing efforts; and (D) through multilateral engagements, including by involving Japan, Australia, and India in such efforts. (c) COUNTERING CHINA’SINFLUENCE TO UNDERMINE THE INTERNATIONAL SYSTEM .— Amounts appropriated pursuant to subsection (b) shall be made available for United States Government efforts to counter the strategic influence of the People’s Republic of China, in accordance with the strategy required under section 7043(e)(3) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2014 (division K of Public Law 113–76; 128 Stat. 536) and in consultation with the appropriate committees of Congress. (d) BURMA .—None of the amounts appropriated pursuant to subsection (b) may be made available for International Military Education and Training and Foreign Military Financing Programs for the armed forces of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar (historically known as ‘‘Burma’’). (e) PHILIPPINES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—None of the amounts appropriated pursuant to subsection (b) may be made available for counternarcotics assistance for the Philippine National Police unless the Secretary of State determines and reports to the appropriate committees of Congress that the Government of the Philippines has adopted and is implementing a counternarcotics strategy that is consistent with international human rights standards, including investigating and prosecuting individuals who are credibly alleged to have ordered, committed, or covered up extrajudicial killings and other gross violations of human rights in the conduct of counternarcotics operations. (2) EXCEPTION .—The limitation under paragraph (1) shall not apply to funds made available— (A) for drug demand reduction, maritime programs, or transnational interdiction programs; or (B) to support for the development of such counternarcotics strategy, after consultation with the appropriate committees of Congress. (f) CAMBODIA .—None of the amounts authorized to be appropriated pursuant to subsection (b) may be made available for United States assistance programs that benefit the Government of Cambodia unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that the requirements under section 7043(b)(1) of division K of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141) have been met. 
(a) U NITED STATES JAPAN ALLIANCE .—The United States Government— (1) is committed to the Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security between the United States and Japan, done at Washington, January 19, 1960, and all related and subsequent bilateral security agreements and arrangements concluded on or before the date of the enactment of this Act; (2) recognizes the vital role of the alliance between the United States and Japan in promoting peace and security in the IndoPacific region; and (3) calls for the strengthening and broadening of diplomatic, economic, and security ties between the United States and Japan. (b) UNITED STATES REPUBLIC OF KOREA ALLIANCE .—The United States Government— (1) is committed to the Mutual Defense Treaty Between the United States and the Republic of Korea, done at Washington October 1, 1953, and all related and subsequent bilateral security agreements and arrangements concluded on or before the date of the enactment of this Act; (2) recognizes the vital role of the alliance between the United States and South Korea in promoting peace and security in the Indo Pacific region; and (3) calls for the strengthening and broadening of diplomatic, economic, and security ties between the United States and the Republic of Korea. (c) UNITED STATES AUSTRALIA ALLIANCE .— The United States Government— (1) is committed to the Security Treaty Between Australia and the United States of America, done at San Francisco September 1, 1951, and all related and subsequent bilateral security agreements and arrangements concluded on or before the date of the enactment of this Act; (2) recognizes the vital role of the alliance between the United States and Australia in promoting peace and security in the IndoPacific region; and (3) calls for the strengthening and broadening of diplomatic, economic, and security ties between the United States and Australia. (d) UNITED STATES PHILIPPINES ALLIANCE .— The United States Government is committed to the Mutual Defense Treaty between the Republic of the Philippines and the United States of America, done at Washington August 30, 1951, and all related and subsequent bilateral security agreements and arrangements concluded on or before the date of the enactment of this Act, including the Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement, done at Manila April 28, 2014. (e) THAILAND .—The United States Government is committed to— (1) the Agreement Respecting Military Assistance Between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of Thailand, done at Bangkok October 17, 1950; (2) the Southeast Asia Collective Defense Treaty, done at Manila September 8, 1954; and (3) all related and subsequent bilateral security agreements and arrangements concluded on or before the date of the enactment of this Act, including the Joint Vision Statement for the ThaiUnited States Defense Alliance, issued in Bangkok November 15, 2012. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The United States Government— (1) expresses grave concerns with Chinese actions that seek— (A) to further constrain space for civil society and religion within China; and (B) to undermine a rulesbased order in the IndoPacific region; (2) encourages China to play a constructive role in world affairs by demonstrating consistent respect for the rule of law and international norms; (3) seeks to build a positive, cooperative, and comprehensive relationship with China— (A) by expanding areas of cooperation; and (B) by addressing areas of disagreement, including over human rights, economic policies, and maritime security; and (4) is committed to working with China on shared regional and global challenges, especially— (A) upholding and strengthening the rules based international system; and (B) the denuclearization of North Korea. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should— (1) welcome a decision by China to change course and pursue a responsible resultsoriented relationship with the United States and engagement on global issues; (2) encourage China to play a constructive role in the IndoPacific region and globally; and (3) continue to call out Chinese actions that undermine the rulesbased international system. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The United States Government— (1) recognizes the vital role of the strategic partnership between the United States and India in promoting peace and security in the IndoPacific region; (2) calls for the strengthening and broadening of diplomatic, economic, and security ties between the United States and India; and (3) is committed to— (A) the New Framework for the United StatesIndia Defense Relationship, done at Arlington, Virginia on June 28, 2005; (B) the United StatesIndia Defense Technology and Trade Initiative, launched in 2012; (C) the Joint Strategic Vision for the Indo Pacific and Indian Ocean Region, announced on January 25, 2015; (D) the United StatesIndia Joint Statement on Prosperity Through Partnership, issued on June 26, 2017; and (E) all related and subsequent bilateral and security agreements and arrangements concluded as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) INDIA AS MAJOR DEFENSE PARTNER .— Congress makes the following findings: (1) Section 1292(a)(1)(A) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2559; 22 U.S.C. 2751 note) requires the recognition of India as a major defense partner. (2) The designation of India as a major defense partner, which is unique to India— (A) institutionalizes the progress made to facilitate defense trade and technology sharing between the United States and India; (B) elevates defense trade and technology cooperation between the United States and India to a level commensurate with the closest allies and partners of the United States; (C) facilitates technology sharing between the United States and India, including licensefree access to a wide range of dualuse technologies, after taking into account national security concerns; and (D) facilitates joint exercises, coordination on defense strategy and policy, military exchanges, and port calls in support of defense cooperation between the United States and India. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should— (1) support and reaffirm the elevation of the United StatesAssociation of Southeast Asian Nations (referred to in this section as ‘‘ASEAN’’) relationship to a strategic partnership; (2) recommit to ASEAN centrality by helping build a strong, stable, politically cohesive, economically integrated, and socially responsible community of nations that has common rules, norms, procedures, and standards which are consistent with international law and the principles of a rulesbased Indo Pacific community; (3) urge ASEAN to continue its efforts to foster greater integration among its members; (4) recognize the value of— (A) ASEAN engagement with economic, political, and security partners within Asia and elsewhere, including Australia, Canada, the European Union, India, Japan, New Zealand, Norway, the Republic of Korea, and Taiwan; and (B) strategic economic initiatives, such as activities under the United States–ASEAN Trade and Investment Framework Arrangement and the United StatesASEAN Connect, which demonstrate a commitment to ASEAN and the ASEAN Economic Community and build upon economic relationships in the IndoPacific region; (5) support efforts by the nations comprising ASEAN— (A) to address maritime and territorial disputes in a constructive manner; and (B) to pursue claims through peaceful, diplomatic, and legitimate regional and international arbitration mechanisms, consistent with international law, including through the adoption of a code of conduct in the South China Sea to further promote peace and stability in the IndoPacific region; (6) support efforts by United States partners and allies in ASEAN— (A) to enhance maritime capability and maritime domain awareness; (B) to protect unhindered access to, and use of, international waterways in the Asia Pacific region that are critical to ensuring the security and free flow of commerce; (C) to counter piracy; (D) to disrupt illicit maritime trafficking activities such as the trafficking of persons, goods, and drugs; and (E) to enhance the maritime capabilities of countries or regional organizations to respond to emerging threats to maritime security in the AsiaPacific region; and (7) urge ASEAN member states to develop a common approach to reaffirm the decision of the Permanent Court of Arbitration’s ruling with respect to the case between the Republic of the Philippines and the People’s Republic of China. (b) REPORT ON STRATEGIC FRAMEWORK FOR  ENGAGEMENT WITHASEAN.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for the following 5 years, the Secretary of State, in consultation with other Federal agencies, shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees on a strategic framework to administer programs, projects, and activities of the United States to support diplomatic and economic engagement between the United States and ASEAN member countries for the 10year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) ELEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall address the following elements of United States strategy: (A) Promoting commercial engagement between the United States and member countries of ASEAN. (B) Helping member countries of ASEAN use sustainable, efficient, and innovative 
technologies in their respective energy sectors. (C) Supporting economic conditions in member countries of ASEAN that promote innovation, the creation of new businesses, sustainable growth, and the education of the region’s future innovators, entrepreneurs, and business leaders. (D) Working with member countries of ASEAN to improve the policy and regulatory environment for growth, trade, innovation, and investment. (E) Supporting the regional integration objectives of member countries of ASEAN under the ASEAN Economic Community. (F) Partnership opportunities with the governments of other countries friendly to the United States that have committed to a high set of standards for investment and development with ASEAN, as determined by the Secretary of State. 
SEC. 206. UNITED STATESREPUBLIC OF KOREA JAPAN TRILATERAL SECURITY PARTNERSHIP. 
It is the sense of Congress that the President should develop a strategy to deepen the trilateral security cooperation between the United States, South Korea, and Japan, including missile defense, intelligencesharing, and other defenserelated initiatives. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the security dialogue between the United States, Australia, India, and Japan is vital to address pressing security challenges in the IndoPacific region in order to promote— (A) a rulesbased order; (B) respect for international law; and (C) a free and open IndoPacific; and (2) such a dialogue is intended to augment, rather than to replace, current mechanisms. 
(a) I NDONESIA .—The United States Government is committed to— (1) the United StatesIndonesia Comprehensive Partnership, done in Washington November 9, 2010; (2) the Joint Statement on Comprehensive Defense Cooperation, done in Washington October 26, 2015; and (3) all related and subsequent bilateral and security agreements and arrangements between the United States and Indonesia concluded on or before the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) MALAYSIA .—The United States Government is committed to— (1) the United StatesMalaysia Comprehensive Partnership, done at Putrajaya April 27, 2014; (2) the Joint Statement for Enhancing the Comprehensive Partnership between the United States of America and Malaysia, done in Washington September 13, 2017; and (3) all related and subsequent bilateral and security agreements and arrangements between the United States and Malaysia concluded on or before the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) SINGAPORE .—The United States Government is committed to— (1) the Strategic Framework Agreement Between the United States of America and the Republic of Singapore for a Closer Cooperation Partnership in Defense and Security, done at Washington July 12, 2005; (2) the Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement, done at Arlington, Virginia December 7, 2015; and (3) all related and subsequent bilateral and security agreements and arrangements between the United States and Singapore concluded on or before the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) VIETNAM .—The United States Government is committed to— (1) the United StatesVietnam Comprehensive Partnership, done at Washington December 16, 2013; (2) the United StatesVietnam Joint Vision Statement on Defense Relations, done at Hanoi on June 1, 2015; (3) the United StatesVietnam Joint Vision Statement, done at Washington May 31, 2017; and (4) all related and subsequent bilateral and security agreements and arrangements between the United States and Vietnam concluded on or before the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should deepen diplomatic, economic, and security cooperation, especially in the areas of maritime security and counterterrorism, with Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, and Vietnam. 
(a) U NITED STATES COMMITMENT TO TAIWAN.—It is the policy of the United States— (1) to support the close economic, political, and security relationship between Taiwan and the United States; (2) to faithfully enforce all existing United States Government commitments to Taiwan, consistent with the Taiwan Relations Act of 1979 (Public Law 96–8), the 3 joint communiques, and the Six Assurances agreed to by President Ronald Reagan in July 1982; and (3) to counter efforts to change the status quo and to support peaceful resolution acceptable to both sides of the Taiwan Strait. (b) ARMSSALES TO TAIWAN .—The President should conduct regular transfers of defense articles to Taiwan that are tailored to meet the existing and likely future threats from the People’s Republic of China, including supporting the efforts of Taiwan to develop and integrate asymmetric capabilities, as appropriate, including mobile, survivable, and costeffective capabilities, into its military forces. (c) TRAVEL .—The President should encourage the travel of highlevel United States officials to Taiwan, in accordance with the Taiwan Travel Act (Public Law 115–135). 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea has flagrantly defied the international community by illicitly developing its nuclear and ballistic missile programs, in violation of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1718 (2006), 1874 (2009), 2087 (2013), 2094 (2013), 2270 (2016), 2321 (2016), 2371 (2017), 2375 (2017), and 2397 (2017). (2) The Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea engages in gross human rights abuses against its own people and citizens of other countries, including the United States, the Republic of Korea, and Japan. (3) The United States is committed to pursuing a peaceful denuclearization of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea through a policy of maximum pressure and engagement, in close concert with its partners. (b) POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES WITHRESPECT TO SANCTIONS AGAINST THE DEMOCRATIC PEOPLE ’SREPUBLIC OF KOREA .— (1) STATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States to continue to impose sanctions with respect to activities of the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, persons acting for or on behalf of such government, or other persons in accordance with Executive Order 13551 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of certain persons with respect to North Korea), Executive Order 13687 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to imposing additional sanctions), Executive Order 13694 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking the property of certain persons engaging in significant malicious cyberenabled activities), Executive Order 13722 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking the property of the Government of North Korea and the Workers’ Party of Korea, and prohibiting certain transactions with respect to North Korea), and Executive Order 13810 (82 Fed. Reg. 44705; relating to imposing additional sanctions with respect to North Korea), as such Executive orders are in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, until the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea is no longer engaged in the illicit activities described in such Executive orders, including actions in violation of the United Nations Security Council resolutions referred to in subsection (a)(1). (2) REPORT .—Not later than 30 days after terminating any sanction with respect to the activities of the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, a person acting for or on behalf of such government, or any other person provided for in an Executive order listed in subsection (a), the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees justifying the termination of the sanction and explaining the relationship between such termination and the cessation of any illicit activity that violates any of the United Nations Security Council resolutions referred to in subsection (a)(1) by such Government or person. The reporting requirement under this paragraph shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to limit the authority of the President pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). (c) POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES WITHRESPECT TO NEGOTIATION ON THE DEMOCRATIC  PEOPLE ’SREPUBLIC OF KOREA ’SNUCLEAR AND  BALLISTIC MISSILE PROGRAMS .—It is the policy of the United States that the objective of negotiations with respect to the nuclear and ballistic missile programs of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea be the complete, verifiable, and irreversible dismantlement of such programs. (d) REPORT ON A STRATEGY TO ADDRESS THE  THREATS POSED BY , AND THE CAPABILITIES OF , 
THE DEMOCRATIC PEOPLE ’SREPUBLIC OF  KOREA .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter for the following 5 years, the Secretary of State, or a designee of the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that describes actions taken by the United States to address the threats posed by, and the capabilities of, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (2) ELEMENTS .—Each report required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a summary of ongoing efforts by the United States to identify strategies and policies, including an assessment of the strengths and weaknesses of such strategies and policies— (i) to achieve peaceful denuclearization of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea; and (ii) to eliminate the threat posed by the ballistic missile program of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea; (B) an assessment of— (i) potential road maps toward peaceful denuclearization of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea and the elimination of the nuclear and ballistic missile threats posed by 
the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea; and (ii) specific actions that the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea would need to take for each such roadmap to become viable; (C) a summary of the United States strategy to increase international coordination and cooperation, whether unilaterally, bilaterally, or multilaterally, including sanctions enforcement and interdiction, to address the threat posed by the nuclear and ballistic missile programs of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, which shall include— (i) a description of the actions taken by the Secretary of State, or designees of the Secretary, to consult with governments around the world, with the purpose of inducing such governments to fully implement the United Nations Security Council resolutions referred to in subsection (a)(1); (ii) a description of the actions taken by such governments to fully implement United Nations Security Council resolutions related to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea; (iii) a list of countries with governments that the Secretary has determined are noncooperative with respect to implementing the United Nations Security Council resolutions referred to in subsection (a)(1); and (iv) a plan of action to engage, and increase cooperation with respect to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, with the governments of the countries on the list described in clause (iii); (D) an assessment of the adequacy of the national export control regimes of countries that are members of the United Nations, and multilateral export control regimes, that are necessary to enforce sanctions imposed with respect to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea pursuant to the United Nations Security Council resolutions referred to in subsection (a)(1); and (E) an action plan to encourage and assist countries in adopting and using authorities necessary to enforce export controls required by United Nations Security Council resolutions. (3) FORM OF REPORT .—Each report required under this subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (e) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) representatives of the United States shall use the voice and vote of the United States in all international organizations, as appropriate, to advocate for the expulsion of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea from such organizations, until such time as the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea meets its commitments under the United Nations Security Council resolutions referred to in subsection (a)(1); and (2) the Secretary of State should work to induce countries to meet their commitments under the United Nations Security Council resolutions referred to in subsection (a)(1), including by considering appropriate adjustments to the diplomatic posture and foreign assistance of the United States with governments that the Secretary has determined are noncooperative with respect to implementing the United Nations Security Council resolutions referred to in subsection (a)(1). 
The United States Government is committed to— (1) the Wellington Declaration, signed on November 5, 2010, which reaffirmed close ties and outlined future practical cooperation between the United States and New Zealand; (2) the Washington Declaration, signed on June 19, 2012, which strengthened the defense relationship by providing a framework and strategic guidance for security cooperation and defense dialogues; and (3) all related and subsequent bilateral and security agreements and arrangements between the United States and New Zealand concluded on or before the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 212. THE PACIFIC ISLANDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should— (1) support strong United States engagement with the nations of the South Pacific, including Fiji, Kiribati, the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, Nauru, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, the Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, and Vanuatu; (2) deepen its cooperation with the nations of the South Pacific in areas of mutual interest, including— (A) fisheries and marine resource conservation; (B) environmental challenges and resilience; (C) global health; (D) development and trade; and (E) peopletopeople ties; and (3) continue to provide assistance to the Pacific Islands, as appropriate, to support the rule of law, good governance, and economic development. (b) UNITED STATES COMPACTS OF FREEASSOCIATION .—It is the sense of Congress that the Compacts of Free Association entered between the United States and the Freely Associated States (Republic of Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, and the Republic of Palau)— (1) enhance the strategic posture of the United States in the Western Pacific; (2) reinforce United States regional commitment; (3) preempt potential adversaries from establishing positional advantage; and (4) further selfgovernance, economic development, and selfsufficiency of the Freely Associated States. 
SEC. 213. FREEDOM OF NAVIGATION AND OVERFLIGHT; PROMOTION OF INTERNATIONAL LAW. 
(a) F REEDOM OF NAVIGATION .—It is the policy of the United States— (1) to conduct, as part of its global Freedom of Navigation Program, regular freedom of navigation, and overflight operations in the IndoPacific region, in accordance with applicable international law; and (2) to promote genuine multilateral negotiations to peacefully resolve maritime disputes in the South China Sea, in accordance with applicable international law. (b) JOINT INDOPACIFIC DIPLOMATIC STRAT EGY.—It is the sense of Congress that the President should develop a diplomatic strategy that includes working with United States allies and partners to conduct joint maritime training and freedom of navigation operations in the IndoPacific region, including the East China Sea and the South China Sea, in support of a rulesbased international system benefitting all countries. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; and (D) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) ISIS.—The term ‘‘ISIS’’ means the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, and other appropriate Federal officials, shall submit a report to the appropriate committees of Congress that contains an assessment of the current and future capabilities and activities of ISIS linked, alQaedalinked, and other violent extremist groups in Southeast Asia that pose a significant threat to the United States, its allies, and its citizens interests abroad. (c) ELEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (b) shall include— (1) the current number of ISISlinked, al Qaedalinked, and other violent extremist groupaffiliated fighters in Southeast Asia; (2) an estimate of the number of ISIS linked, alQaedalinked, and other violent extremist groupaffiliated fighters expected to return to Southeast Asia from fighting in the Middle East; (3) an analysis of the amounts and sources of ISISlinked, al Qaedalinked, and other various extremist group affiliatedfighters in Southeast Asia; (4) the current resources available to combat the threat of ISISlinked, alQaeda linked, and other violent extremist groupaffiliated fighters in Southeast Asia, and the additional resources required to combat such threat; (5) a detailed assessment of the capabilities of ISISlinked, alQaedalinked, and other violent extremist groupaffiliated fighters to operate effectively in the IndoPacific region, including the Philippines, Indonesia, and Malaysia; (6) a description of the capabilities and resources of governments in Southeast Asia to counter violent extremist groups; and (7) a list of additional United States resources and capabilities that the Department of Defense and the Department of State recommend providing to governments in Southeast Asia to combat violent extremist groups. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that there should be robust cybersecurity cooperation between the United States and nations in the IndoPacific region— (1) to effectively respond to cybersecurity threats, including statesponsored threats; (2) to share best practices to combat such threats; (3) to strengthen resilience against cyberattacks, misinformation, and propaganda; and (4) to strengthen the resilience of critical infrastructure. (b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated $100,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023 to enhance cooperation between the United States and IndoPacific nations for the purposes of combatting cybersecurity threats. 
SEC. 216. NONPROLIFERATION AND ARMS CONTROL IN THE INDOPACIFIC REGION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The United States Government— (1) recognizes that the spread of nuclear and other weapons of mass destruction, and their means of delivery, constitutes a threat to international peace and security; (2) seeks to peacefully address the unique challenge posed to regional and global stability by the illicit use, and the proliferation to and from North Korea, of sensitive nuclear and missile technologies, and other weapons of mass destruction; (3) notes efforts by China and Russia— (A) to expand and modernize their respective nuclear arsenals, including through significant research and development resources 
in hypersonic glide vehicles and other advanced technologies; and (B) to pursue sales of commercial nuclear technologies; and (4) recognizes the legitimate pursuit by many countries in the IndoPacific region of nuclear energy for a variety of peaceful applications. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States Government should undertake all reasonable and appropriate efforts to pursue effective arms control and nonproliferation policies in the IndoPacific region to limit the further spread of weapons of mass destruction and their means of delivery. TITLE III—PROMOTING UNITED STATES ECONOMIC INTERESTS IN THE INDOPACIFIC REGION 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) According to the United States Chamber of Commerce, by 2030— (A) 66 percent of the global middle class population will be living in Asia; and (B) 59 percent of middle class consumption will take place in Asia. (2) According to the Asian Development Bank— (A) Asian countries have signed 140 bilateral or regional trade agreements; and (B) 75 more trade agreements with Asian countries are under negotiation or concluded and awaiting entry into force. (3) Free trade agreements between the United States and 3 nations in the IndoPacific region (Australia, Singapore, and the Republic of Korea) have entered into force. (4) The member states of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (referred to in this section as ‘‘ASEAN’’), as a group— (A) represent the fifth largest economy in the world; and (B) have a combined gross domestic product of $2,400,000,000,000. (5) The economy comprised of ASEAN member states grew by 66 percent between 2006 and 2015, and the total value of bilateral trade between the United States and ASEAN member states has increased by 78 percent since 2004. (6) In 2015, the trade surplus of goods sold by companies in ASEAN member states to consumers in the United States was $77,000,000,000, while the United States 2015 trade surplus of services provided to consumers in ASEAN member states was $8,000,000,000. (7) According to USASEAN Business Council, goods and services exported from the United States to ASEAN member states support 550,000 jobs in the United States. (8) According to the Business Roundtable— (A) the United States, Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam were responsible for a combined 40 percent of global gross domestic product in 2017; and (B) United States bilateral trade with the other nations referred to in subparagraph (A) supports 15,600,000 jobs in the United States. (9) According to the United States National Security Strategy— (A) ASEAN and AsiaPacific Economic Cooperation ‘‘remain centerpieces of the Indo Pacific’s regional architecture and platforms for promoting an order based on freedom’’; and (B) the United States will ‘‘work with partners to build a network of states dedicated to free markets and protected from forces that would subvert their sovereignty.’’. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that trade between the United States and the nations in the IndoPacific region is vitally important to the United States economy, United States exports, and jobs in the United States. SEC. 302. INDOPACIFIC TRADE NEGOTIATIONS, MULTILATERAL AGREEMENTS, AND REGIONAL ECONOMIC SUMMITS. 
Congress supports— (1) multilateral, bilateral, or regional trade agreements with partners that— (A) comply with trade obligations and respect, promote, and strictly adhere to the rule of law; and (B) increase United States employment and expand the economy; (2) formal economic dialogues that include concrete, verifiable, and measured outcomes; (3) negotiations under the auspices of the World Trade Organization, including negotiations to enter into appropriate plurilateral and sectoral agreements; (4) full implementation of the World Trade Organization’s Trade Facilitation Agreement by IndoPacific countries; and (5) the proactive, strategic, and continuing highlevel use of the AsiaPacific Economic Cooperation forum, the East Asia Summit, and the Group of 20 to pursue United States economic objectives in the IndoPacific region. 
The President should seek to develop to negotiate a comprehensive economic engagement framework with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President is encouraged to produce a robust and comprehensive trade capacity building and trade facilitation strategy, including leveling the playing field for American companies competing in the IndoPacific region. (b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such amounts as may be necessary to carry out subsection (a). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President should takes steps to strengthen the enforcement of United States intellectual property laws as a top priority, including taking all appropriate action to deter and punish commercial cyberenabled theft of intellectual property. (b) ANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for the following 5 years, the President shall submit a report to Congress that— (1) describes the efforts of the United States Government to combat intellectual property violations and commercial cyber enabled theft in the IndoPacific region, particularly the People’s Republic of China; and (2) includes a countrybycountry assessment of priority areas for United States engagement and capacity building assistance. (c) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the United States Trade Representative such amounts as may be necessary to sponsor bilateral and multilateral activities designed to build capacity in the identified priority areas described in the annual report required under subsection (b). 
(a) I NDOPACIFIC ENERGY STRATEGY .— (1) STRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for the following 5 years, the President shall establish a comprehensive, integrated, multiyear strategy to encourage the efforts of IndoPacific countries to implement national power strategies and cooperation with United States energy companies and the Department of Energy national laboratories to develop an appropriate mix of power solutions to provide access to sufficient, reliable, and affordable power in order to reduce poverty, drive economic growth and job creation, and to increase energy security in the IndoPacific region. (2) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated $1,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023 to carry out paragraph (1). (b) RELIABLE ENERGY PARTNERSHIPS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should explore opportunities to partner with the private sector and multilateral institutions, such as the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank, to promote universal access to reliable electricity in the IndoPacific region, including Myanmar (historically known as ‘‘Burma’’). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in cooperation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, should increase regional engagement in the areas of environment, health, education, and infrastructure development with the Lower Mekong countries, including— (1) assisting in the development of programs that focus on forecasting environmental challenges and resilience; (2) assisting with transnational cooperation on sustainable uses of forest and water resources with the goal of preserving the biodiversity of the Mekong Basin and access to safe drinking water; (3) assisting with education enrollment and broadband internet connectivity, particularly English training and connectivity in rural communities; and (4) improving global health in the Lower Mekong countries, including— (A) reducing the HIV/AIDS infection rate; and (B) helping regional partners to track and treat malaria and tuberculosis. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2023, the Secretary of State, in cooperation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall submit a report to Congress that includes— (1) a list and evaluation of Lower Mekong Initiative activities since its inception in 2009; (2) a strategy for any increased regional engagement and measures of success for the activities described in paragraph (1); and (3) an accounting of funds used to execute Lower Mekong Initiative activities. 
SEC. 308. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ECONOMIC GROWTH AND NATURAL RESOURCE CONSERVATION. 
It is the sense of Congress that the President should encourage the governments of countries in the IndoPacific region and United States private sector interests with operations and investments in the region to deploy agriculture practices that— (1) conserve natural resources; and (2) preserve culturally and ecological valuable lands and water bodies. 
SEC. 309. SENSE OF CONGRESS IN SUPPORT OF WOMEN’S ECONOMIC RIGHTS. 
It is the sense of the Congress that the United States should— (1) support activities that secure private property rights and land tenure for women in developing countries in Asia, including— (A) establishing legal frameworks to give women equal rights to own, register, use, profit from, and inherit land and property; (B) improving legal literacy to enable women to exercise the rights described in subparagraph (A); and (C) increasing the capacity of law enforcement and community leaders to enforce such rights; 
(2) work with Asian civil society, governments, and multilateral organizations to increase the capability of disadvantaged women and girls in Asia— (A) to realize their rights; (B) to determine their life outcomes; (C) to assume leadership roles; and (D) to influence decisionmaking in their households, communities, and societies; and (3) seek to expand access to appropriate financial products and services for women owned micro, small, and mediumsized enterprises in Asia. TITLE IV—PROMOTING UNITED STATES VALUES IN THE INDOPACIFIC REGION 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) The promotion of human rights and respect for democratic values in the IndoPacific region is in the United States’ national security interest. (2) Continued support for human rights, democratic values, and good governance is critical to a successful United States diplomatic strategy in the IndoPacific. (3) Strong support for human rights and democracy in the IndoPacific region is critical to efforts to reduce poverty, build rule of law, combat corruption, reduce the allure of extremism, and promote economic growth. (4) There are serious concerns with the rule of law and civil liberties in Cambodia, China, North Korea, Laos, Thailand, and Vietnam, which have all been identified by Freedom House as ‘‘Not Free’’. (5) There have been unacceptable human rights developments in— (A) Burma (Myanmar), which has been identified by Freedom House as ‘‘Partly Free’’, and the Department of State has declared that the violence against the Rohingya constitutes ethnic cleansing; (B) the Philippines, which has been identified by Freedom House as ‘‘Partly Free’’, and where there are continued disturbing reports of extrajudicial killings; and (C) China, where forced disappearances, extralegal detentions, invasive and omnipresent surveillance, and lack of due process in judicial proceedings remain troublesome. (6) according to the National Security Strategy, the United States— (A) will ‘‘support, with our words and actions, those who live under oppressive regimes and who seek freedom, individual dignity, and the rule of law’’; (B) ‘‘may use diplomacy, sanctions, and other tools to isolate states and leaders who threaten our interests and whose actions run contrary to our values’’; and (C) ‘‘will support efforts to advance women’s equality, protect the rights of women and girls, and promote women and youth empowerment programs’’. 
The President is encouraged to pursue additional efforts to combat trafficking in persons and human slavery in the IndoPacific region. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) United States Government officials should lead by example— (A) by continuing to advocate for freedom of the press in the IndoPacific region; and (B) by engaging with the press corps at every appropriate opportunity; and (2) the United States should advocate and support a Ministerial to Advance Press Freedom in the IndoPacific to convene government and civil society, including journalists, to discuss and address the challenges facing press freedom in the IndoPacific region. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) United States embassies and consulates in the IndoPacific region should have personnel, as appropriate, who are dedicated to reporting on and advancing United States democracy, human rights, labor, anticorruption, and good governance policy interests; and (2) appropriate resources should be made available to carry out such activities. SEC. 405. BILATERAL AND REGIONAL DIALOGUES; PEOPLETOPEOPLE ENGAGEMENT. 
The Secretary of State should, as appropriate— (1) establish highlevel bilateral and regional dialogues with nations in the IndoPacific region regarding human rights and religious freedom violations; (2) establish or support robust, peopleto people exchange programs in the IndoPacific region, particularly programs engaging young leaders; and (3) establish educational exchanges and capacitybuilding programs emphasizing civil society development. 
SEC. 406. ASSOCIATION OF SOUTHEAST ASIAN NATIONS HUMAN RIGHTS STRATEGY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should continue to work with ASEAN to improve the capacity of ASEAN to address human rights, democracy, and good governance issues in Southeast Asia. (b) STRATEGY .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, after consultation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall submit a strategy to the appropriate congressional committees to increase cooperation with ASEAN to promote human rights, democracy, and good governance in Southeast Asia. (c) CONTENTS .—The strategy submitted under subsection (b) should include— (1) an assessment of the types of United States Government resources available to support increased cooperation; and (2) an assessment to identify entities within ASEAN that the United States could potentially support or partner with to promote human rights, democracy, and good governance in Southeast Asia. 
The President is encouraged to continue efforts to enhance freedom of information access with regard to North Korea. 
SEC. 408. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS AND SUSPENSION OF UNITED STATES ASSISTANCE. 
(a) S ANCTIONS .—It is the sense of Congress that the President should impose targeted financial penalties and visa ban sanctions, in accordance with applicable law and other relevant authorities, on any individual or entity that— (1) violates human rights or religious freedoms; or (2) engages in censorship activities. (b) SUSPENSION OF FOREIGN ASSISTANCE .—It is the sense of Congress that the President should, in accordance with applicable law, terminate, suspend, or otherwise alter United States economic assistance to any country that has engaged in serious violations of human rights or religious freedoms. 
(a) P ROMOTION OF DEMOCRACY IN THE INDO PACIFIC REGION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated $210,000,000, for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to promote democracy, strengthen civil society, human rights, rule of law, transparency, and accountability in the IndoPacific region, including for universities, civil society, and multilateral institutions that are focusing on education awareness, training, and capacity building. (2) DEMOCRACY IN CHINA .—Amounts appropriated pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be made available for United States Government efforts, led by the Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, to promote democracy, the rule of law, and human rights in the People’s Republic of China. (3) TIBET.—Amounts appropriated pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be made available for nongovernmental organizations to support activities preserving cultural traditions and promoting sustainable development, education, and environmental conservation in Tibetan communities in the Tibet Autonomous Region and in other Tibetan communities in China, India, and Nepal. 
(a) D EFINED TERM.—In this section, the term ‘‘human rights defenders’’ means individuals, working alone or in groups, who nonviolently advocate for the promotion and protection of universally recognized human rights and fundamental freedoms if the advocacy of such issues may result in the risk of safety or life. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that human rights defenders in the IndoPacific region have been facing increased difficulties with the rise of unprecedented crackdowns and conflicts. (c) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated $1,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023 to provide critical assistance to human rights defenders through the Department of State’s Human Rights Defenders Fund. (d) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2023, the Secretary of State, in cooperation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall submit a report to Congress that includes— (1) a list and evaluation of the Human Rights Defenders Fund activities since its inception; (2) a strategy for any increased regional engagement and measures of success for the activities described in paragraph (1); and (3) an accounting of funds used to execute the Human Rights Defender Fund activities. 
There are authorized to be appropriated $25,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023 to support IndoPacific young leaders initiatives, including the Young Southeast Asian Leaders Initiative, the ASEAN Youth Volunteers Program, and other peopletopeople exchange programs that focus on building the capacity of democracy, human rights, and good governance activists in the IndoPacific region. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed as authorizing the use of military force. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida. 
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? There was no objection. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the IndoPacific region is of critical importance to the United States. It is home to some of our most urgent security challenges, our closest peopletopeople links, and our strongest commercial and economic ties. The administration has recognized this priority in both the National Security Strategy document and the subsequent free and open IndoPacific strategy. The United States must adapt to new and emerging geostrategic realities and recognize the competitive nature of our relationship with China. The Asia Reassurance Initiative Act of 2018, or ARIA, is a key component of this effort. It provides the administration with the direction and resources it needs for meaningful implementation of this free and open IndoPacificAsia strategy. ARIA cements U.S. leadership in the IndoPacific region by reassuring our allies and deterring our adversaries. It strengthens our security commitments with our allies and builds the capacity of our many partners in the region to combat terrorism and to stop aggressive actors. The bill reaffirms longstanding treaty alliances in Asia with Australia, South Korea, and Japan, and it calls for building new regional security partnerships. It also expresses unequivocal support for Taiwan by authorizing new arms sales; supporting enhanced, high level contacts with Taipei; and countering any efforts to forcibly change the status quo in the Taiwan Strait. On security, ARIA commits the U.S. Government to the full implementation of sanctions on North Korea and its enablers. It enshrines a policy of regularly enforcing U.S. freedom of navigation and overflight rights in the East and South China Seas, where we are seeing increasingly aggressive activities by Chinese ships and aircraft. b1430 Mr. Speaker, this bill also supports robust U.S. commercial presence in the region. It promotes U.S. exports and trade facilitation efforts, while also authorizing penalties against those who steal United States’ intellectual property. This is essential for the growth of the U.S. economy and the success of American businesses operating in the region. Unfortunately, there are also many challenges to human rights, nonproliferation, and democratic values in the IndoPacific. For that reason, this bill bolsters the critical work of the State Department and USAID to promote democracy, strong civil society, and the rule of law. Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased that we are taking up this bill, which earned unanimous bipartisan support in the Senate. The Asia Reassurance Initiative Act demonstrates the strong, continuing commitment of the United States to Asia. It reaffirms American values, strengthens American commitments to our many partners and allies in the region, and makes clear our enduring pursuit of peace and mutual prosperity. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. The Asia Reassurance Initiative is an extremely important and timely piece of legislation. I am glad that we will be able to bring it forward today in a bipartisan manner. And that is no small feat. This legislation is so comprehensive and far reaching, it was referred to six different committees. I cannot overstate the strategic importance of this bill before us today. In Washington, we all too often focus on immediate crises and fail to focus on the broader but slower moving challenges of our time. This legislation focuses on that bigger strategic picture. Over the next 100 years, the most significant issue facing American foreign policy will be the rise of the IndoPacific. The region will be the most significant driver of economic and demographic growth. Its environmental policies will have immense impact on global health and climate change, and China’s rise will have extraordinary geopolitical implications for the future of American leadership in the world. The Asia Reassurance Initiative Act is an important piece of legislation in directing Congress’ attention to its vital foreign policy. The bill states that the United States will develop and commit to a longterm, comprehensive strategic policy for the IndoPacific region that secures our and our allies’ interests; advances American influence, including through the promotion of human rights; and supports the rule of law and international norms. This bill also authorizes $1.5 billion in funds to State and USAID, so we can start to put our money where our mouth is on this IndoPacific policy. Passing this legislation is critical, especially at this time, as China’s assertive behavior in the Asia region threatens the regional balance of power—as this administration takes unorthodox positions and chooses to carry them out in ways that are of concern—and as much of the world sees the United States in retreat from the international stage, this bill sends a clear and resounding message to the region: American commitment remains steadfast. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this measure and urge all Members to do the same, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D OGGETT ), a member of the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Trade. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, as we approve this Asia Reassurance Initiative Act, it is also very important that we provide reassurance to Americans that our values are not being abandoned. With one deranged tweet after another, many people, both here and in Asia, view the United States as having lost its way. As approved by the Senate, this particular resolution responds very appropriately to the vacillation and confusion of the Trump administration’s foreign policy, including its trade agenda. In today’s important House amendment to section 302 of the bill, we commit not only to support continued engagement and friendship in the Asia Pacific region, but to advance, through our trade negotiations, the values for which America has long been recognized as a beacon of hope to the world. That is a beacon that should leave no corner of this globe, including Asia, in the dark, and it must include human rights as a universal concept for all the people of the world. Our economic relations must be rooted in our shared values, our respect for human rights, and our adherence to the rule of law. It takes more than simply an opportunity to have more exports to justify a new agreement with a trading partner. A previous administration looked the other way on Malaysian human trafficking in pursuit of more commerce, and it found itself in this House short of votes. We must not make that mistake again. With this new, improved section 302, Congress rejects support for just any trade agreement and indicates its support for those agreements with partners that actually respect, promote, and adhere to the rule of law. By its very terms, when section 302, as amended, is tied with title IV as it came over from the Senate, we would not, for example, be justified in new trade agreements with Myanmar, formerly Burma, after its murderous ethnic cleansing of its Rohingya population. Nor does it offer any support to the Trump administration’s July 26 declaration of intent to reward the tyrant of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte. Every Democratic member of the House Ways and Means Trade Subcommittee, on which I serve, has advised this administration that ‘‘we strongly oppose President Duterte’s Philippines as a trade agreement partner.’’ All of us noted that ‘‘Duterte’s fiery rhetoric has been linked to a surge of extrajudicial killings of citizens by police and gunmen.’’ Duterte’s shocking human rights abuses is not all. Child labor is persistent and serious. Safety is not prioritized, as indicated by the 72 workers who were killed in a garment factory fire. These antiworker policies mean that the Philippines is a lowwage country 
that markets itself to American companies looking to further outsource American jobs. Yet Duterte’s rule has been marked by abusive, arbitrary actions against international investors who have turned to the Philippines. We all said on the Trade Subcommittee that ‘‘we strongly oppose Duterte as a trade partner,’’ and I hope the Administration is listening. Though Trump’s hugathug approach around the world has repeatedly preferred foreign tyrants over dependable, longterm American allies, I believe that human rights is not a luxury. It is central to American values. It is central to the security of every American family. Amending this bill today helps us to achieve that objective and to send a strong message to the administration about the trade policies that we will consider in the coming year. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time, and I will close because there are no other speakers. Mr. Speaker, I want to again express my same strong support for the bill before us today. The Asia Reassurance Initiative Act is an important piece of legislation. It articulates a bipartisan policy towards the IndoPacific, authorizes funding to support American engagement in the region, highlights the importance of coordinating our development, diplomacy, and security interests to create effective foreign policy, and it sends a message to Asia and the world that the United States is investing in our allies and our strategic priorities. I hope all Members will join me in supporting this bill. Before I yield the balance of my time, I know I said this the other day, but it looks like it is really coming true now: This may be the last time those of us in the Foreign Affairs Committee get to speak on the House floor for this Congress, and since my good friend and partner, ILEANA ROS LEHTINEN , the gentlewoman from Florida, is here, I want to just say, for everyone to know, what a pleasure it has been to be by her side for all these years and work closely with her on so many important pieces of legislation that I lost count years ago. But one of the things with ILEANA  ROSLEHTINEN , you can always count on her to work hard, to do the right thing, to be on the right side. It is really just a pleasure to be her colleague and an even bigger pleasure to be her friend. So I hope she will come back and visit us. If not, I am going to Florida to visit her. And I will always cherish the gentlewoman’s wonderful tenure in the House of Representatives and particularly on the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. Speaker, the Foreign Affairs Committee, under the leadership of Chairman ROYCE , who also has been as bipartisan as you can get, has done a lot of work this year, this Congress. I am really proud of the work that we have done in this Congress, and I look forward to doing even more work in the next Congress. So I thank Chairman ROYCE and Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the United States must continue to reassure the nations of the AsiaPacific region of the enduring commitment of the United States to being a peaceful presence in the region, dedicated to universal values and mutual prosperity. Senate bill 2736 provides the United States with a longterm and wholeof government strategy for the IndoPacific region that advances American national security interests, prosperity, and promotes the values of freedom and human rights. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this measure. I thank the distinguished gentleman from New York, the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, soon to be the chairman of our committee, for his friendship and for his kind words. I look forward to treating him to a nice cafe con leche in Miami. So come on down—the weather is fine—rather than me going to New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2736, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CONDEMNING IRAN’S STATESPONSORED PERSECUTION OF ITS BAHA’I MINORITY Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign Affairs be discharged from further consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 274) condemning the Government of Iran’s statesponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
H. R ES. 274 Whereas in 1982, 1984, 1988, 1990, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1996, 2000, 2004, 2006, 2008, 2009, 2012, 2013, 2015, and 2016, Congress declared that it deplored the religious persecution by the Government of Iran of the Baha’i community and would hold the Government of Iran responsible for upholding the rights of all Iranian nationals, including members of the Baha’i Faith; Whereas the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom 2016 Annual Report states— (1) ‘‘The Baha’i community, the largest nonMuslim religious minority in Iran, long has been subject to particularly severe religious freedom violations. The government views Baha’is, who number at least 300,000, as ‘heretics’ and consequently they face repression on the grounds of apostasy.’’; (2) ‘‘Since 1979, authorities have killed or executed more than 200 Baha’i leaders, and more than 10,000 have been dismissed from government and university jobs.’’; and (3) ‘‘Over the past 10 years, approximately 850 Baha’is have been arbitrarily arrested.’’; Whereas the Department of State 2015 International Religious Freedom Report states— (1) religious minorities in Iran ‘‘continued to face societal discrimination, especially the Bahai community, which reported continuing problems at different levels of society, including personal harassment.’’; (2) the Government of Iran ‘‘continued to prohibit Bahais from officially assembling or maintaining administrative institutions, actively closed such institutions, harassed Bahais, and disregarded their property rights.’’; (3) in Iran, ‘‘Bahai blood may be spilled with impunity, and Bahai families are not entitled to restitution’’ and ‘‘Bahais cannot receive compensation for injury or crimes committed against them and cannot inherit property.’’; (4) the Government of Iran ‘‘requires universities to exclude Bahais from access to higher education or expel them if their religious affiliation becomes known.’’; and (5) in Iran, ‘‘Bahais are banned from government employment’’ and ‘‘[t]here were reports of nonBahais being pressured to refuse employment to Bahais or dismissing Bahais from their private sector jobs.’’; Whereas, on June 8, 2016, the United Nations Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Islamic Republic of Iran and the United Nations Special Rapporteur on freedom of religion or belief issued a joint statement condemning the ‘‘wave of incitement of hatred of the Baha’i community reflected in speeches made by religious, judiciary and political officials in the Islamic Republic of Iran’’; Whereas, on September 6, 2016, the United Nations SecretaryGeneral issued a report on the situation of human rights in the Islamic Republic of Iran (A/71/374), which stated that ‘‘human rights violations have continued at an alarming rate’’; Whereas, on December 17, 2016, the United Nations General Assembly adopted a resolution (A/RES/70/179), which ‘‘[e]xpresse[d] serious concern about ongoing severe limitations and restrictions on the right to freedom of thought, conscience, religion or belief and restrictions on the establishment of places of worship, as well as attacks against places of worship and burial, as well as other human rights violations, including but not limited to harassment, persecution and incitement to hatred that lead to violence against persons belonging to recognized and unrecognized religious minorities, including Christians, Jews, Sufi Muslims, Sunni Muslims, Zoroastrians and members of the Baha’i Faith and their defenders’’; Whereas since May 2008, the Government of Iran has imprisoned the 7 members of the former ad hoc leadership group of the Baha’i community in Iran, known as the Yarani 
Iran, or ‘‘friends of Iran’’—Mrs. Fariba Kamalabadi, Mr. Jamaloddin Khanjani, Mr. Afif Naeimi, Mr. Saeid Rezaie, Mr. Behrouz Tavakkoli, Mrs. Mahvash Sabet, and Mr. Vahid Tizfahm—and these individuals were convicted of charges including ‘‘spying for Israel, insulting religious sanctities, propaganda against the regime and spreading corruption on earth’’ and sentenced to 20year prison terms, the longest sentences given to any prisoner of conscience in Iran at that time, now reportedly reduced to 10 years; Whereas beginning in May 2011, officials of the Government of Iran in 4 cities conducted sweeping raids on the homes of dozens of individuals associated with the Baha’i Institute for Higher Education (referred to in this Resolution as ‘‘BIHE’’) and arrested and detained several educators associated with BIHE, with 16 BIHE educators ultimately sentenced to 4 or 5year prison terms, 7 of whom remain in prison; Whereas scores of Baha’i cemeteries have been attacked, and in 2014, Revolutionary Guards began excavating a Baha’i cemetery in Shiraz, which is the site of 950 graves, and built a cultural and sport center on the cemetery site; Whereas the Baha’i International Community reported that there has been a recent surge in antiBaha’i hate propaganda in Iranian statesponsored media outlets, noting that— (1) in 2010 and 2011, approximately 22 anti Baha’i articles were appearing every month; (2) in 2014, the number of antiBaha’i articles rose to approximately 400 per month; and (3) by 2016, the number of antiBaha’i articles rose to approximately 1,500 per month; Whereas there are currently 90 Baha’is in prison in Iran; Whereas the Government of Iran is party to the International Covenants on Human Rights and is in violation of its obligations under such Covenants; Whereas section 105 of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8514) authorizes the President to impose sanctions on individuals ‘‘responsible for or complicit in, or responsible for ordering, controlling, or otherwise directing, the commission of serious human rights abuses against citizens of Iran or their family members on or after June 12, 2009’’; and Whereas the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–158) amends and expands the authorities established under the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–195) to sanction Iranian human rights abusers: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representatives— (1) condemns the Government of Iran’s statesponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights; (2) calls on the Government of Iran to immediately release the 7 imprisoned Baha’i leaders, the 7 imprisoned Baha’i educators, and all other prisoners held solely on account of their religion; (3) calls on the President and the Secretary of State, in cooperation with responsible nations, to immediately condemn the Government of Iran’s continued violation of human rights and demand the immediate release of prisoners held solely on account of their religion; and (4) urges the President and the Secretary of State to utilize available authorities to impose sanctions on officials of the Government of Iran and other individuals directly responsible for serious human rights abuses, including abuses against the Baha’i community of Iran. 
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment to the text at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike all after the resolving clause and insert the following: That the House of Representatives— (1) condemns the Government of Iran’s statesponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights; (2) calls on the Government of Iran to immediately release the imprisoned Baha’i leader, the 4 imprisoned Baha’i educators, and all other prisoners held solely on account of their religion; (3) calls on the President and the Secretary of State, in cooperation with responsible nations, to immediately condemn the Government of Iran’s continued violation of human rights and demand the immediate release of prisoners held solely on account of their religion; and (4) urges the President and the Secretary of State to utilize available authorities to impose sanctions on officials of the Government of Iran and other individuals directly responsible for serious human rights abuses, including abuses against the Baha’i community of Iran. 
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The resolution, as amended, was agreed to. 
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment to the preamble at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike the preamble and insert the following: Whereas in 1982, 1984, 1988, 1990, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1996, 2000, 2004, 2006, 2008, 2009, 2012, 2013, 2015, and 2016, Congress declared that it deplored the religious persecution by the Government of Iran of the Baha’i community and would hold the Government of Iran responsible for upholding the rights of all Iranian nationals, including members of the Baha’i Faith; Whereas the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom 2016 Annual Report states— (1) ‘‘The Baha’i community, the largest nonMuslim religious minority in Iran, long has been subject to particularly severe religious freedom violations. The government views Baha’is, who number at least 300,000, as ‘heretics’ and consequently they face repression on the grounds of apostasy.’’; (2) ‘‘Since 1979, authorities have killed or executed more than 200 Baha’i leaders, and more than 10,000 have been dismissed from government and university jobs.’’; and (3) ‘‘Over the past 10 years, approximately 850 Baha’is have been arbitrarily arrested.’’; Whereas the Department of State 2015 International Religious Freedom Report states— (1) religious minorities in Iran ‘‘continued to face societal discrimination, especially the Bahai community, which reported continuing problems at different levels of society, including personal harassment.’’; (2) the Government of Iran ‘‘continued to prohibit Bahais from officially assembling or maintaining administrative institutions, actively closed such institutions, harassed Bahais, and disregarded their property rights.’’; (3) in Iran, ‘‘Bahai blood may be spilled with impunity, and Bahai families are not entitled to restitution’’ and ‘‘Bahais cannot receive compensation for injury or crimes committed against them and cannot inherit property.’’; (4) the Government of Iran ‘‘requires universities to exclude Bahais from access to higher education or expel them if their religious affiliation becomes known.’’; and (5) in Iran, ‘‘Bahais are banned from government employment’’ and ‘‘[t]here were reports of nonBahais being pressured to refuse employment to Bahais or dismissing Bahais from their private sector jobs.’’; Whereas, on June 8, 2016, the United Nations Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Islamic Republic of Iran and the United Nations Special Rapporteur on freedom of religion or belief issued a joint statement condemning the ‘‘wave of incitement of hatred of the Baha’i community reflected in speeches made by religious, judiciary and political officials in the Islamic Republic of Iran’’; Whereas, on September 6, 2016, the United Nations SecretaryGeneral issued a report on the situation of human rights in the Islamic Republic of Iran (A/71/374), which stated that ‘‘human rights violations have continued at an alarming rate’’; Whereas, on December 19, 2016, the United Nations General Assembly adopted a resolution (A/RES/71/204), which ‘‘[e]xpresse[d] serious concern about ongoing severe limitations and restrictions on the right to freedom of thought, conscience, religion or belief and restrictions on the establishment of places of worship, as well as attacks against places of worship and burial, as well as other human rights violations, including but not limited to harassment, persecution and incitement to hatred that lead to violence against persons belonging to recognized and unrecognized religious minorities, including Christians, Jews, Sufi Muslims, Sunni Muslims, Zoroastrians and members of the Baha’i Faith and their defenders’’; Whereas in May 2008, the Government of Iran imprisoned the 7 members of the former ad hoc leadership group of the Baha’i community in Iran, known as the YaraniIran, or ‘‘friends of Iran’’—Mrs. Fariba Kamalabadi, Mr. Jamaloddin Khanjani, Mr. Afif Naeimi, Mr. Saeid Rezaie, Mr. Behrouz Tavakkoli, Mrs. Mahvash Sabet, and Mr. Vahid Tizfahm—and these individuals were convicted of charges including ‘‘spying for Israel, insulting religious sanctities, propaganda against the regime and spreading corruption on earth’’ and sentenced to 20year prison terms, the longest sentences given to any prisoner of conscience in Iran at that time and one remains imprisoned; Whereas beginning in May 2011, officials of the Government of Iran in 4 cities conducted sweeping raids on the homes of dozens of individuals associated with the Baha’i Institute for Higher Education (referred to in this Resolution as ‘‘BIHE’’) and arrested and detained several educators associated with BIHE, with 16 BIHE educators ultimately sentenced to 4 or 5year prison terms, 4 of whom remain in prison; Whereas scores of Baha’i cemeteries have been attacked, and in 2014, Revolutionary Guards began excavating a Baha’i cemetery in Shiraz, which is the site of 950 graves, and 
built a cultural and sport center on the cemetery site; Whereas the Baha’i International Community reported that there has been a recent surge in antiBaha’i hate propaganda in Iranian statesponsored media outlets, noting that— (1) in 2010 and 2011, approximately 22 anti Baha’i articles were appearing every month; (2) in 2014, the number of antiBaha’i articles rose to approximately 400 per month; and (3) by 2016, the number of antiBaha’i articles rose to approximately 1,500 per month; Whereas there are currently 82 Baha’is in prison in Iran; Whereas the Government of Iran is party to the International Covenants on Human Rights and is in violation of its obligations under such Covenants; Whereas section 105 of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8514) authorizes the President to impose sanctions on individuals ‘‘responsible for or complicit in, or responsible for ordering, controlling, or otherwise directing, the commission of serious human rights abuses against citizens of Iran or their family members on or after June 12, 2009’’; and Whereas the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–158) amends and expands the authorities established under the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–195) to sanction Iranian human rights abusers: Now, therefore, be it 
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? There was no objection. The amendment to the preamble was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
GEORGIA SUPPORT ACT Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Ways and Means be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6219) to support the independence, sovereignty, and territorial integrity of Georgia, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6219 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Georgia Support Act’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title and table of contents. Sec. 2. United States policy. TITLE I—ASSISTANCE PROVISIONS Sec. 101. United StatesGeorgia security assistance. Sec. 102. United States cybersecurity cooperation with Georgia. Sec. 103. Enhanced assistance to combat Russian disinformation and propaganda. Sec. 104. Sense of Congress on free trade agreement with Georgia. TITLE II—SANCTIONS PROVISIONS Sec. 201. Imposition of sanctions on persons complicit in or responsible for serious human rights abuses, including right to life in Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia occupied by Russia. SEC. 2. UNITED STATES POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to— (1) support Georgia’s sovereignty, independence, and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders; (2) support the right of the people of Georgia to freely determine their future and make independent and sovereign choices on foreign and security policy, including regarding their country’s relationship with other nations and international organizations, without interference, intimidation, or coercion by other countries; (3) support Georgia’s EuroAtlantic and European integration; (4) not recognize territorial changes effected by force, including the illegal invasions and occupations of Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali Region/South Ossetia by the Russian Federation; (5) condemn ongoing detentions, kidnappings, and other human rights violations committed in the Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali Region/South Ossetia forcibly occupied by the Russian Federation, including the recent killings of Georgian citizens Archil Tatunashvili, Giga Otkhozoria, and Davit Basharuli; (6) support peaceful conflict resolution in Georgia, including by urging the Russian Federation to fully implement the European Unionmediated ceasefire agreement of August 12, 2008, and supporting the establishment of international security mechanisms in the Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia and the safe and dignified return of internally displaced persons (IDPs) and refugees, all of which are important for lasting peace and security on the ground; and (7) support continued development of democratic values in Georgia, including public sector transparency and accountability, as well as anticorruption efforts. TITLE I—ASSISTANCE PROVISIONS 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) In fiscal year 2018, the United States provided Georgia with $2,200,000 in assistance under chapter 5 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2347 et seq.; relating to international military education and training) and $35,000,000 in assistance under section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2763; relating to the Foreign Military Financing Program). (2) Georgia has been a longstanding NATO aspirant country. (3) Georgia has contributed substantially to the EuroAtlantic peace and security through participation in the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) and Resolute Support Missions in Afghanistan as one of the largest troop contributors. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that United States assistance to Georgia under chapter 5 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act should be increased. (c) STATEMENT OF POLICY .—It shall be the policy of the United States, in consultation with the Government of Georgia, to enhance Georgia’s deterrence, resilience, and selfdefense, including through appropriate assistance to improve the capabilities of Georgia’s armed forces. (d) REVIEW OF SECURITY ASSISTANCE TO  GEORGIA .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the heads of other appropriate United States departments and agencies, shall submit to Congress a report reviewing United States security assistance to the Government of Georgia. (2) COMPONENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A detailed review of all United States security assistance programs to the Government of Georgia from fiscal year 2008 to the present. (B) An assessment of threats to Georgian independence, sovereignty, and territorial integrity. (C) An assessment of Georgia’s capabilities to defend itself, including a fiveyear strategy to enhance the country’s deterrence, resilience, and selfdefense capabilities. (3) FORM.—The report required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of State should take the following actions, commensurate with United States interests, to assist Georgia to improve its cybersecurity: (1) Provide Georgia such support as may be necessary to secure government computer networks from malicious cyber intrusions, particularly such networks that defend the critical infrastructure of Georgia. (2) Provide Georgia support in reducing reliance on Russian information and communications technology. (3) Assist Georgia to build its capacity, expand cybersecurity information sharing, and cooperate on international cyberspace efforts. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on United States cybersecurity cooperation with Georgia. Such report shall also include information relating to the following: (1) United States efforts to strengthen Georgia’s ability to prevent, mitigate, and respond to cyber incidents, including through training, education, technical assistance, capacity building, and cybersecurity risk management strategies. (2) The potential for new areas of collaboration and mutual assistance between the United States and Georgia in addressing shared cyber challenges, including cybercrime, critical infrastructure protection, and resilience against automated, distributed threats. (3) NATO’s efforts to help Georgia develop technical capabilities to counter cyber threats. 
SEC. 103. ENHANCED ASSISTANCE TO COMBAT RUSSIAN DISINFORMATION AND PROPAGANDA. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It shall be the policy of the United States to enhance the capabilities of Georgia to combat Russian disinformation and propaganda campaigns intended to undermine the sovereignty and democratic institutions of the country, while promoting the freedom of the press. 
(b) R EQUIRED STRATEGY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the heads of other appropriate United States departments and agencies, shall submit to Congress a report outlining a strategy to implement the policy described in subsection (a). (2) COMPONENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A detailed assessment of Russian disinformation and propaganda efforts across all media platforms targeting Georgia. (B) An assessment of the Government of Georgia’s capabilities to deter and combat such Russian efforts and to support the freedom of the press. (C) A detailed strategy coordinated across all relevant United States departments and agencies to enhance the Government of Georgia’s capabilities to deter and combat such Russian efforts. (3) FORM.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. 
SEC. 104. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON FREE TRADE AGREEMENT WITH GEORGIA. 
It is the sense of Congress that the United States Trade Representative should make progress toward negotiations with the Government of Georgia to enter a bilateral free trade agreement with Georgia. TITLE II—SANCTIONS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 201. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS ON PERSONS COMPLICIT IN OR RESPONSIBLE FOR SERIOUS HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES, INCLUDING RIGHT TO LIFE IN GEORGIAN REGIONS OF ABKHAZIA AND TSKHINVALI REGION/SOUTH OSSETIA OCCUPIED BY RUSSIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall impose with respect to a foreign person the sanctions described in subsection (b) if the President determines, based on credible information, that such foreign person, on or after the date of enactment of this Act— (1) is responsible for, complicit in, or responsible for ordering, controlling, or otherwise directing the commission of serious human rights abuses in Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali Region/South Ossetia forcibly occupied by the Russian Federation; (2) is materially assisting, sponsoring, or providing significant financial, material, or technological support for, or goods or services to, a foreign person described in paragraph (1); or (3) is owned or controlled by a foreign person, or is acting on behalf of a foreign person described in paragraph (1). (b) SANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions described in this subsection are the following: (1) ASSET BLOCKING .—The exercise of all powers granted to the President by the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) to the extent necessary to block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of a person determined by the President to be a person described in subsection (a) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person, including by taking any of the actions described in paragraph (1) of section 203(a) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1702(a)) with respect to regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali Region/South Ossetia forcibly occupied by the Russian Federation. (2) EXCLUSION FROM THE UNITED STATES AND  
REVOCATION OF VISA OR OTHER DOCUMENTA TION.— (A) IN GENERAL .—In the case of an alien determined by the President to be a person described in subsection (a), denial of a visa to, and exclusion from the United States of, such alien, and revocation in accordance with section 221(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(i)), of any visa or other documentation of such alien. (B) EXCEPTION TO COMPLY WITH UNITED NA TIONS HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT AND LAW EN FORCEMENT OBJECTIVES .—Sanctions under subparagraph (A) shall not apply to an individual if admitting the individual into the United States would further important law enforcement objectives or is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, between the United Nations and the United States, or other applicable international obligations of the United States. (c) WAIVER .—The President may waive the application of sanctions under subsection (b) with respect to a person if the President determines that such a waiver is important to the national interests of the United States. (d) IMPLEMENTATION ; PENALTIES .— (1) IMPLEMENTATION .—The President may exercise all authorities provided to the President under sections 203 and 205 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) to carry out subsection (b)(1). (2) PENALTIES .—A person that violates, attempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of subsection (b)(1) or any regulation, license, or order issued to carry out such subsection shall be subject to the penalties specified in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same extent as a person that commits an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of such section. (e) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and at least once every 180 days thereafter for a period not to exceed two years, the President, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall transmit to Congress a detailed report with respect to persons that have been determined to have engaged in activities described in subsection (a). 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1445 PERMISSION TO INCLUDE EXCHANGE OF LETTERS ON H.R. 6219 Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may include in the RECORD an exchange of letters with the other committees of jurisdiction on H.R. 6219. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? There was no objection. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD an exchange of letters. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, December 12, 2018. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing with respect to H.R. 6219, a bill ‘‘To support the independence, sovereignty, and territorial integrity of Georgia, and for other purposes,’’ on which the Committee on Ways and Means was granted an additional referral. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 6219 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive formal consideration of this bill so that it may move expeditiously to the floor. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your support for such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 6219. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY . Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, December 12, 2018. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 6219, the Georgia Support Act, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this measure or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 6219 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, December 12, 2018. Hon. BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 6219, the Georgia Support Act, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this measure or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. 
I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 6219 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. f 
GENERAL LEAVE Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks on H.R. 6219. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? There was no objection. 
REAFFIRMING THE COMMITMENT OF THE UNITED STATES TO PROMOTE FREE, FAIR, TRANSPARENT AND CREDIBLE ELECTIONS IN BANGLADESH Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign Affairs be discharged from further consideration of H. Res. 1169, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
H. R ES. 1169 Whereas Bangladesh achieved independence in 1971 and established a secular democratic state, which is home to Muslims, Hindus, Buddhists, Christians, and atheists; Whereas Bangladesh is the eighth most populous country with nearly 160,000,000 people; Whereas according to the United States Agency for International Development maternal and child mortality rates in Bangladesh have declined by more than 60 percent, production of rice has tripled, and growth in gross domestic product has averaged more than 6 percent annually for over a decade; Whereas Bangladesh has fulfilled the criteria to initiate graduation from the United Nations ‘‘Least Developed Country’’ status and could become a middleincome country within the next 3 years; Whereas in 2017, the generous people of Bangladesh welcomed more than 700,000 Rohingya refugees following the Burmese military and security force’s crimes against humanity and genocide against the Rohingya in Northern Rakhine State; Whereas in recent years, Bangladesh’s democratic system has faced challenges, including political violence, environmental strain, Islamist militancy, a refugee crisis, and challenges to freedom of speech and press; Whereas free, fair, transparent, and credible elections are the cornerstone of every democracy; Whereas legitimate elections that respect fundamental freedoms are characterized by transparency, accountability, security, and accessibility for all voters; Whereas strong democracies worldwide make for better trading partners, provide new market opportunities, improve global health outcomes, and promote economic freedom and regional security; Whereas attacks on democracy and democratic institutions undermine the sacrifices of the Bangladeshi people and the country’s commitment to human rights and the rule of law; Whereas one of Bangladesh’s main political parties boycotted the 2014 general election due to concerns about the impartiality of the electoral process; Whereas Bangladesh is scheduled to hold general elections on December 30, 2018; Whereas democratic stability, regional security, and economic prosperity in Bangladesh and South Asia are vital to the national security interests of the United States; Whereas the United StatesBangladesh relationship is built on a foundation of shared values and cooperation on issues including economic growth and development, labor rights, peacekeeping, counterterrorism, and the environment and climate; Whereas the United States should more actively engage with the Government of Bangladesh with respect to their shared interests in safeguarding human rights, religious freedom, and secular democracy in Bangladesh, while preventing the growth of religious extremism and militancy; and Whereas repeated attacks on religious minorities, expanding religious intolerance, and growing destabilization caused by radical groups undermine United States economic and strategic interests in Bangladesh: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representatives— (1) reaffirms the commitment of the United States to promote free, fair, transparent and credible elections in Bangladesh; (2) calls on the Government of Bangladesh to respect the freedom of speech and of the press and to heed the Bangladesh Election Commission’s request to ensure security for minorities and maintain communal harmony for a peaceful election; (3) urges political leaders and judicial authorities in Bangladesh to respect the will of voters and ensure that all Bangladeshis will be able to participate freely in the upcoming elections, and that the elections will be impartial and inclusive; and (4) commends the government and people of Bangladesh for their generosity in hosting Rohingya refugees despite the hardships associated with responding to this manmade humanitarian disaster created by the Burmese military and security force’s crimes against humanity and genocide against the Rohingya in Northern Rakhine State. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 2, AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the conference report to accompany H.R. 2. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1176, I call up the conference report on the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purpose, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 1176, the conference report is considered read. (For conference report and statement, see proceedings of the House of December 10, 2018, Book II at page H9823.) The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PETERSON ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the conference report to H.R. 2, the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018. It is fitting that the House today consider that farm bill because, 28 years ago, another proud Texan, President George H.W. Bush, signed into law the 1990 farm bill. For the first time since 1990, Congress is poised to pass a new farm bill in the same year that the legislation was first introduced. In many ways, the 1990 farm bill laid the groundwork for today’s U.S. farm policy. The U.S. farm policy is no longer the old command and control policies of the New Deal, but, rather, a marketoriented, risk management approach that helps America’s farmers and ranchers survive natural disasters and the predatory trade practices of foreign countries like China. Our Nation’s farmers and ranchers are the very best in the world, but they cannot compete alone against a sea of high and rising foreign subsidies, tariffs, and nontariff trade barriers, nor can they survive alone in the face of record droughts, hurricanes, wildfires, and other natural disasters. That is why we have a farm bill. Mr. Speaker, not since the early 2000s has a farm bill been more desperately needed than it is today. Our farmers and ranchers are going through a very difficult recession right now. Net farm income is down 50 percent from where it stood just 5 years ago, the largest drop since the Great Depression. And farm bankruptcies are more up by more than 30 percent. We have all seen the devastation of recent wildfires and hurricanes. Less noticed, but no less destructive, is the severe drought that has gripped many parts of the country, perhaps none more so than the one I get to represent. Even less noticed is the rampant cheating going on in the global trade that hurts our farmers and ranchers every single day. China recently oversubsidized just three crops by more than $100 billion in a single year. 
Put in perspective, China spent more on excess illegal subsidies in a year than the entire U.S. safety net covering all commodities will cost in roughly two farm bills. That is why passage of this farm bill is so important. The farm bill is never easy to pass. The needs of our farmers and ranchers are greater than they have ever been in a long time, but we have operated under a flat budget. For my colleagues who are concerned about the deficit spending, please note that this farm bill is budget neutral. This follows on the heels of the 2014 farm bill that has come in significantly under budget also. Mr. Speaker, here are some specifics of the 2018 farm bill: First, the farm bill honors the request of nearly every farmer and rancher that we do no harm to Federal crop insurance. Second, we strengthen the farm bill safety net for all farmers and ranchers. Believe it or not, there was actually pressure from some in the other Chamber to cut the farm safety net at a time when the whole point of a farm bill is to help our farm and ranch families. Third, we strengthened key conservation initiatives, especially the Environmental Quality Incentives Program. These highly successful conservation initiatives serve as a prime example of how voluntary, incentivebased conservation beats burdensome, arbitrary, and costly Washington regulations every single time. Fourth, we honored the requests of farmers and ranchers to fully fund our trade promotion initiatives, which could not be more important than they are right now. This includes fully funding the Market Access Program and the Foreign Market Development Program. We also succeeded in maintaining the vital link between America’s farmers and ranchers and U.S. food aid by preserving the inkind food assistance to our neighbors in need from around the world. Fifth, we make some extremely important investments elsewhere in this farm bill: We increase individual Farm Service Agency loan limits, which have not been updated in 16 years; we increase agriculture research funding at a time when we are dangerously lagging behind China. We also provide Secretary Perdue with the tools he requested to effectively combat the opioid epidemic and also to expand highquality broadband service in all of rural America. We increase investment in new crop uses and in specialty crops, including fruits and vegetables, and we increase investments in the Nation’s livestock sector by strengthening our Nation’s animal disease prevention and management efforts, including the stockpiling of footandmouth disease vaccine. Finally, it is fair to say that there has been philosophical differences in this conference committee. Achieving commonsense SNAP reforms, preventing wildfires, and providing regulatory relief are just three of the examples. Despite this, we made commonsense reforms and improved the program integrity and work requirements under SNAP, including involving Governors in the work requirement waivers so that there is political accountability and by reducing State allowances for ablebodied adults without dependents. We required States to adopt case management practices to help move SNAP beneficiaries from welfare to work, and we eliminate $480 million in bonuses we pay to States for simply doing their jobs. These and other reforms will build on the success we have had in moving more than 9 million people off of SNAP rolls and into the workforce over the past 5 years. The farm bill will also reduce the forest fuel loads to reduce the incidence and intensity of wildfires. This is achieved by expanding the insect and disease categorical exclusion to remove hazardous fuel loads and empowering State, local, and Tribal authorities to remove timber. Nobody deserves more credit for working to improve our Nation’s forest management than my friend BRUCE  WESTERMAN from Arkansas, whom I am proud to have as a signatory on this conference report. These reforms are important, and they are only a start in what we need to be done. Ultimately, we had to make a decision between making as many inroads on reform in these areas as we could or allow farmers and ranchers to be held hostage. Faced with that choice, I chose the route of getting this farm bill done. We made important inroads wherever we could on these reforms. We worked to provide the strongest safety net possible for our Nation’s farmers and ranchers. In closing, I thank Ranking Member PETERSON and our counterparts in the other Chamber for bringing this conference report to final consideration. I extend my sincere gratitude to President Trump and Secretary Perdue for their unwavering support of our farmers and ranchers, and I greatly appreciate the support and hard work of House leadership and members of my Conference, especially my fellow conferees, for all they have done to stand by rural America and those families who feed and clothe us. For the sake of rural America and our struggling farmers and ranchers, I urge my colleagues to support this farm bill so the President can sign this measure into law. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the conference report on H.R. 2, the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018. The conference report we are considering today would reauthorize farm bill programs for 5 years. The 2014 farm bill expired on September 30, and while the road to get here has had a few bumps along the way, I am glad that we are finally able to reach an agreement, and now it is time to get this done. During a time when rural America is facing a downturn in the farm economy and a trade war that is taking a toll on crop, livestock, and dairy producers from coast to coast, this bill will provide needed certainty to farmers and ranchers. The bill continues a variety of commodity, conservation, trade, nutrition, credit, rural development, research, energy, and specialty crop programs. It also provides permanent mandatory funding for several of the programs that first got mandatory funding in the 2008 farm bill when I was last chairman. These include the Local Food and Farmers Market Promotion Program, the ValueAdded Producer Grant Program, the BFRDP, Organic Research, and the Section 2501 Outreach Program. One of the most important pieces in this bill, however, is the improvement that it makes for our dairy farmers. The economic downturn in farm country has hit the dairy industry probably the hardest of all, and in my home State of Minnesota and neighboring Wisconsin, an average of two dairies are going out of business every day. The provisions in this bill will provide expanded, affordable coverage options and more flexibility for dairy farmers, and I am proud to put my name on this program. We are also providing $300 million in mandatory funding for animal disease programs at a time when our U.S. livestock industry is facing a continued danger from unchecked threats from different areas. That money will go to increasing our ability to prevent and respond to animal pests and diseases that harm our animals and threaten the viability of our livestock operations. There are folks who would have liked to have seen different directions taken on several issues in this bill, but this is a conference report where the House and Senate figure out where the common ground is. I am very appreciative of the hard work of the majority and its staff, as well as my staff under the direction of Anne Simmons and Troy Phillips. My staff put their whole selves into this bill, and I want to thank and commend them: Lisa Shelton, Keith Jones, Prescott Martin, Katie Zenk, Patrick Delaney, and special thanks to my former staffers who worked on the bill, Mary Knigge, Liz Friedlander, and Evan Jurkovich, and to Clark Ogilvie, who missed the farm bill so much that he came to the committee to help us finish it. Thank you also to Patti Ross in the leader’s office and Tom Mahr in the whip’s office for their help, and all the folks at USDA and CBO for their hard work in getting us to this point; also, 
the House and Senate legislative counsels who helped us put this bill together. So I think we have a good bill, a good compromise. I would encourage my colleagues to support this effort, and I look forward to continuing the discussion on many of these issues into the next Congress. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. LUCAS ), the former chairman of the committee and current chairman of the Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I thank our ranking member and our chairman. When you consider what it takes to pass a farm bill, when you consider how difficult the challenges are, think of the last three in total, Chairman PETERSON had to overcome two Presidential vetoes to get the bill on the books, and I supported him. In the 2014 farm bill, it took my friends here and me 2
1⁄2years to get a farm bill on the books. And now, Chairman CONAWAY , he shouldn’t have had to go through some of the challenges that Collin and I went through, but he did it, and he did it for the best interests of America. But what is a farm bill all about? Set the nuances of various policies aside, it is to make sure that we have the safety net to enable us, in this country, to raise the food and fiber we need at an affordable, safe, and costeffective rate to meet our needs and the world’s needs. b1500 And what is the other part of the farm bill? It is making sure our fellow citizens who have difficulty in overcoming their challenges have access to enough of those calories. Plain and simple, that is what farm bills have been about since 1933, making sure we all eat cheap, well, and safe. But they have gotten harder and harder because the tendency of this body is for some folks on one side of the room to press for a particular perspective, and other folks on the other side of the room to press for the diametrically opposite perspective. But ultimately, on the Agriculture Committee, under the leadership of these fine gentlemen and their wonderful staffs and all of our colleagues on the committee, we still do the right thing. We do policy every 5 years that works. We do policy that meets the needs of our fellow citizens and, for that matter, helps make sure the world has enough to eat. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Mr. Ranking Member. Let’s pass this bill with the overwhelming intensity it deserves, because that is what our neighbors back home deserve. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. DAVID SCOTT), one of our subcommittee ranking members. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, this is a great farm bill. There is so much in it, so many great things. But in this farm bill is perhaps the absolute best example of bipartisanship at its best, to have Democrats and Republicans working together to give $80 million to African American, 1890s land grant colleges and universities. I just want to say a big thank you. I thank our Ranking Member PETERSON . And I thank Mike Conaway, who started with me on this journey. God bless you, Mike. Thank you so much for your help. I thank our friends over on the Senate side. I thank Senator DAVID PERDUE , who took the reins over there and helped put the money back in. I also thank Senator ROBERTS , the chairman of the Senate committee. I thank my staffer, Ashley Smith, my legislative director who worked night and day with me on this bill. And I thank God Almighty. Mr. Speaker, God had His hand in this, to pull Democrats and Republicans together, to give $80 million to badly needed African American land grant colleges and universities. Only God could pull this together, and we thank God for this blessing and for touching the hearts and the souls and the spirits of all of my colleagues who will vote for this historic bill. I thank, also, the staff of the Senate Agriculture Committee, as well as the House Agriculture Committee. Thank you all for the work that you all did in this bill. I thank you for all the people in America who are grateful for this, but especially the African American community thanks you for opening up these opportunities for their light to shine as well. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT). Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, first, I want to thank Chairman CONAWAY and Ranking Member PETERSON for their leadership during this process. I rise today to urge my colleagues to support the conference report to the 2018 farm bill to provide the first major reforms of our Nation’s agriculture policy in nearly 5 years. For the last several years, Members of both sides of the aisle have worked to make sure that our Nation’s primary agricultural policy works for American producers. This year, I was honored to, once again, be chosen to serve on the farm bill conference committee to fight for the good people of middle and south Georgia who dedicate their lives to agriculture. I am confident that this bill delivers the reforms that our farmers and industry stakeholders desperately need to keep our producers in rural communities growing and innovating for the 21st century. This bill strengthens the farm safety net and provides certainty and flexibility that our producers need. It also ensures that our farmers can provide the food, nutrition, and fiber, not only for America, but the rest of the world. In this legislation, we have laid the groundwork for expanding quality broadband access to rural America by giving the USDA the tools and resources to bridge the digital divide that is leaving millions of rural Americans behind and hindering our communities from thriving. I am very glad that two amendments that I offered were included in the final agreement, which will bring modernization and accountability to broadband services and spur broadband infrastructure investment in rural America. Bridging the digital divide is something I have been fighting for, for years now, and I look forward to seeing the growth in network service and infrastructure development through the provisions of this bill. In this conference report, we also found some common ground to make improvements to SNAP. I strongly urge my colleagues to support this conference report. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. FUDGE ), one of our subcommittee ranking members. Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, let me begin by thanking my good friend and the ranking member, COLLIN PETERSON , as well as my fellow conferees and the staff for their leadership in negotiating this conference report. The farm bill conference report is a good bill. It is not a perfect bill, but certainly worthy of our support. I am pleased Members on both sides of the aisle and across the Chamber were able to reach consensus on how to show the American people that Congress can work together. This agreement protects SNAP by rejecting proposals in the House farm bill that would have severely weakened the program and taken food assistance away from nearly 2 million people. This agreement increases access to healthy foods in underserved communities and takes steps to tackle food waste, which we know is a major problem. This agreement builds new opportunities to improve soil health and water quality in the Great Lakes. This agreement provides beginning and minority farmers and ranchers additional tools and resources needed to own and operate successful businesses. This agreement authorizes $350 million per year for rural broadband coverage. This agreement expands investment in lowincome, urban, and rural communities. Finally, this agreement provides certainty and sound agricultural policies for America’s producers and consumers. I encourage my colleagues to join me and vote ‘‘yes’’ on the final conference report. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. COMER ). 
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, it has been a long road of debate to reach an agreement on the 2018 farm bill. This bill benefits all of rural America, our farmers, producers, and consumers. The agreement we have reached on this year’s bill includes many important provisions that will help farm country during tough economic times, fully protecting crop insurance and providing certainty to farmers. I am particularly glad to see industrial hemp descheduled from the controlled substances list, a key provision I worked with Leader MCCONNELL on to ensure unnecessary government restrictions are lifted from this valuable agricultural commodity. I thank Leader MCCONNELL for his collaboration and attention to legalizing industrial hemp, and I appreciate all of my colleagues who supported this issue and helped bring it to the table. I was proud to represent the interests of Kentucky farmers during this process, and I look forward to a new year of growth and prosperity for farmers and producers across rural America. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ), another one of our subcommittee ranking members. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Mr. PETERSON , for yielding the time, and I thank him for his work, along with Chairman CONAWAY . And I thank the committee staffs on both sides who have worked so hard and diligently over the last year. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the farm conference committee, I am proud to support this bipartisan farm bill. As a third generation farmer, I have the honor and the privilege of representing one of the largest and most diverse agricultural regions in the country and in the world. California grows about half of our Nation’s fruits and vegetables, the largest ag State in the Nation. We are number one in dairy producing, number one in citrus production, grapes and wine products. We are also the largest producer of tree nuts in the world. With over 300 crops, the list goes on and on and on. We are truly blessed in California, so this agricultural legislation is so important. The dairy title, the changes made in it are very helpful. With increased research funding, risk management tools like crop insurance, and trade promotion programs, this bill is not only good for the San Joaquin Valley that I represent in California, but the entire Nation. So we must understand that the conservation programs are also an improvement to help with groundwater sustainability and air quality, which are critical in California. The forest management improvements will make a difference in Western States like California, where we have had horrific and devastating forest fires. The vital SNAP benefits are maintained, and voluntary employment and training programs that I fought for are strengthened. The 10 pilot projects in the 10 States, I find, will provide better ways for us to get people on their feet who are in need. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I support this farm bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. It is a good work product. It is good on behalf of American agriculture and all of the interests that put, every day, America’s food on America’s dinner table. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. SMITH), a former member of the Agriculture Committee. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong support for this farm bill conference report. Given the ongoing challenges in the agriculture economy, it is very important our producers have policy certainty as they make their spring planting decisions. I held a series of listening sessions around Nebraska’s Third District, our Nation’s number one producing district for agriculture, last year to hear producers’ thoughts about the farm bill. The number one item on producers’ minds was the continuation of strong crop insurance. This bill accomplishes this objective. The bill also recognizes the challenges and threats facing our livestock producers by creating a disease prevention program and vaccine bank to help contain the potential future outbreak of disease within the livestock industry across our country. This bill, and continued positive progress on trade, will go a long way toward increasing producers’ peace of mind. I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this important piece of legislation, and I appreciate the support of the administration in bringing this legislation to a successful conclusion. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy in permitting me to speak on the bill. I commend Mr. PETERSON , in particular, for guiding this important piece of legislation that actually includes many provisions that I have been working with for over 12 years. He has been successful in protecting key Democratic priorities, especially nutrition, and avoiding damaging, poisonpill provisions. Near and dear to my heart are the reforms for hemp. But, I am concerned that it does not adequately address the growing crisis in American agriculture. I spent 3 years going around Oregon talking to people, putting together our little ‘‘Fight for Food’’ booklet and legislation. We are not dealing with the chemical welfare inspired by Monsanto/Bayer. We have the Trump tariffs and climate devastation that is getting more serious by the month. We have a crop insurance program that is not just wasteful, but fails most farmers and ranchers that I represent and, indeed, in most States. While I appreciate the legislative accomplishment that are represented here, I look forward to starting the next Congress with thenChairman PETERSON to see if we can build on this foundation to narrow differences, broaden areas of agreement, do better for our farmers and ranchers, better for the environment, better for taxpayers and everyone who eats. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the conference report to H.R. 2, but also strong commendation toward our chairman, Mr. CONAWAY , for having the many, many hearings about all aspects of the farm bill and the condition of the ag economy in this country. b1515 This does represent a strong compromise response to the needs of rural America, where stability is needed; certainty to the farmers and ranchers weathering a 50 percent drop in farm income in recent years. A positive step for rural America and its ag economy where stability, again, is greatly needed. Much of these resources are to remote, rural towns to improve broadband connectivity, which is critical for telehealth and further rural development. It acknowledges the challenges faced by many California farmers, including prioritizing mechanization research to help address the continued ag labor shortage. It maintains an accessible food supply for families in need, especially in rural, poor districts like mine, while also bringing an increment of accountability to the food stamp SNAP program. It strengthens our rural development title to boost jobs in rural America, such as water conservation improvements and incentives as well. I wish we could have done more on forestry. The town of Paradise and the surrounding area that suffered so much is a prime example of why we need to have better forest management in that State, in this whole country, but I think that continuing to have these conversations is extremely important. So with the worst fires in State history, I am really, really hoping for that improvement. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BOST). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I commend Chairman CONAWAY for fighting for policies that support American agriculture. We are in tough times right now, with 5 years of lower incomes. And the consistency and stability that farmers 
need, all Americans need in the rural economy, this farm bill will make a significant impact in helping on that. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Minnesota has 19
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Delaware (Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER ), a member of the committee. Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, friend, and ranking member, COLLIN PETER SON, for his wisdom and steadfast leadership through the farm bill reauthorization process, Chairman CONAWAY , and to all of the staff, who worked tirelessly. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the 2018 farm bill and to commend my colleagues on the farm bill conference committee for a truly bipartisan and bicameral product. I stand confident that the bill will move Delaware and our Nation forward. It gives Delaware poultry growers the vital conservation resources they need when they need them. It shores up an already strong crop insurance program that protects our farmers against catastrophic loss. It provides additional sustainable resources for 1890 landgrant institutions, ensuring schools like Delaware State University continue their crucially important research while preparing the next generation in the ag economy. And it also ensures nutrition benefits are maintained and protected for our children, seniors, individuals with disabilities, and families who rely on the social safety net to navigate difficult times. All of these accomplishments were made possible by cooperation and compromise, which drew me to the Agriculture Committee in the first place. We came together, we got something done, and that is what the American people want to see. This is a farm bill we can all be proud of, and I ask my colleagues to support it. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the conference report to H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018. Facing a nearly 50 percent decline in net farm income over the past 5 years, our Nation’s farmers and ranchers have had their backs against the wall for far too long. Today, we have an opportunity to right that ship, to secure a brighter future for our producers, rural communities, and American consumers. As a member of the farm bill conference committee, I am confident that the agreement we have reached will strengthen the farm safety net and provide a sense of certainty and flexibility for those who feed and clothe our Nation. Mr. Speaker, we have been working on this legislation since I came to Congress, and I would like to thank Chairman CONAWAY and the entire House Agriculture Committee for their work. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2, to reinvigorate rural America. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. ADAMS ), a member of the committee. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Ranking Member PETERSON for yielding, also Chairman CONAWAY for all of his support. I am proud today to speak on behalf of the 2018 farm bill. This bill is a strong, bipartisan piece of legislation. It works for families, for farmers, and for all communities. The farm bill now avoids disastrous cuts to SNAP, a program which helps put food on the table for 44,000 people in Mecklenburg County alone, many of whom are children. Additionally, the bill now avoids the meanhearted, unreasonable work requirements that had been in the previous version of the House farm bill. As founder and cochair of the bipartisan HBCU Caucus, I am particularly proud to have helped secure key resources for 1890 landgrant universities in this bill. The farm bill authorizes $50 million to create three centers of excellence at 1890s and it ensures equity between land grants by removing provisions that strip away unspent extension funds for 1890 schools, and mandating a report that outlines research and extension funds for all landgrant institutions. This is a major legislative win for our landgrant HBCUs. These are the reasons why I founded the HBCU Caucus, to bring together a coalition of Republicans and Democrats to fight together for greater funding and equity for all of our schools. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank all of my colleagues on the conference committee, and I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill later today. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N). Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for allowing me, even when I am opposed to one of the provisions, to speak about it. As you may know, this bill has a lot of good things and good provisions for all the States and for the territories as well, but there is one provision that we are not allowed to even discuss in a public hearing, and that is the prohibition, or ban, to cockfights in the territories. The current farm bill allowed territories to have and regulate that industry. In the case of Puerto Rico, that represents more than $18 million in revenues and taxes. We are on the brink of a lot of financial situations, and now this regulation will put another burden on the people of the island. So I am against that prohibition, mostly because the people of Puerto Rico have regulated the industry of cockfighting since 1933. So this is something that is not only affecting Puerto Rico, but the rest of the territories, as we have been facing this kind of industry and sport. We don’t have the votes in the Senate. We can’t vote on the floor of the House. So our people are not fiscally represented, and as well Congress is taking an action that would put another burden on our economy. Mr. Speaker, I reiterate my opposition, and the people of Puerto Rico, against that provision, but in favor of the rest of the bill. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. PANETTA ), a member of the committee. Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman CONAWAY and Ranking Member PETERSON for their leadership during my time on the Agriculture Committee, during our time putting this farm bill together. As a proud member of the Agriculture Committee, as a proud member who represents the salad bowl of the world, I am very proud to support H.R. 2, this farm bill, in 2018. In my district on the central coast of California, this farm bill will benefit our specialty crop industry by investing in mechanization technology and expanding research opportunities. It will help our organics industry with the certification process and research by incorporating the OREI Act. This bill invests in our future farmers, our young ranchers, and veterans getting into agriculture. It doesn’t make any changes to SNAP without any evidence supporting such changes for the people who need food the most. Mr. Speaker, I am at the end of my first term in Congress, and I can tell you this is the best job I have ever had, mainly because of the Members of Congress I work with, mainly because of the Democrats and Republicans I have worked with on this Agriculture Committee, including its excellent staff. So despite the fact that there were differences over this farm bill at the beginning, and even though we are on the verge of a possible shutdown, what gives me confidence in this job, what gives me confidence in this body is this final version of this farm bill. This is a bill that, although it started as a partisan product, it ended as a bipartisan bill. It is a bill that is not based on ideology and emotion; it is based on evidence. This is a bill that is not based on party politics; it is based on people, not just people in agriculture, but all of the people of this Nation. That is why we all should be proud to support the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 and vote ‘‘yes’’ on the final conference report. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. FASO). 
Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership and I thank the ranking member for his leadership on this legislation. The conference report provides much needed resources that will help farmers cope with a 5year, 50 percent collapse in the farm economy, the largest such drop since the Great Depression. During this process, we have acted in a bipartisan fashion to fix broken government programs that have not worked as intended and left farmers with nowhere to turn. In upstate New York, perhaps none are hurting more than our local dairy farmers. New York is the third largest dairy State, and our farmers are hurting. The current dairy programs do not work, and improvements to the farm bill combined with those in the bipartisan Budget Act from earlier this year will help our farmers weather the storm. We have made the dairy safety net more flexible by increasing coverage options, more affordable by reducing premiums, and more enticing for participation by bringing more incentives for those farmers to participate. We have also worked to protect the SNAP program and laid the groundwork for future Congresses to make additional changes. By incentivizing work through better local workforce consultation and reducing the number of waivers that States can bring, we can bring more recipients into the workforce during a time of record low unemployment. Additionally, changes like the National Accuracy Clearing House and minimum standards for participant tracking will help enhance program integrity and ensure that benefits are available to those that need them most. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the farm bill. Upstate New York and our farmers have waited long enough. I am proud to support this legislation. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. EVANS ), a member of the committee. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank both chairmen for their leadership in this opportunity of bringing us all together. I chose to be a member of the Agriculture Committee because this committee has jurisdiction over some of the most critical issues facing our community, that is food and nutrition. Even back in Pennsylvania, one issue that has been central to my work is ensuring that people in every neighborhood in Philadelphia, between west Philadelphia and north Philadelphia, south Philadelphia, had access to safe, healthy, and reasonably priced food. In Philadelphia, 20 percent of our population is food insecure, meaning one in five Philadelphians don’t know where their next meal will come from. I am pleased to see that this bill maintains SNAP and does not weigh down poor and hungry Pennsylvanians with onerous work rules. But let’s be clear: this is just a beginning. No child should go to bed hungry. No parent should have to make the choice between putting food on the table or keeping the lights on. In times of peace and in times of war, our soldiers must always have a food source in order to provide the necessary safety and security our democracies depend on for survival. As a member of the Agriculture Committee, I had the opportunity to meet with members of the ag community at all levels, from farmers to consumers. I have come to better understand the needs of Pennsylvania’s hardworking farmers and others in the broad agriculture community through events such as the Pennsylvania Farm Show and the Ag Progress Days. And over time, through meetings with advocates, the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau, The Food Trust, the National Young Farmers Coalition, Philabundance, Central Pennsylvania Food Bank, and National Farmers Union, I am happy to say that this bill does a lot of work for them. In addition to SNAP, this bill addresses hunger by increasing funding for everyone. This bill also provides greater flexibility in coverage and tools for Pennsylvania dairy farmers, investing in rural infrastructure, supports research of 1890 landgrant universities, and maintains fundamental conservation programs. Food unites us. Food is medicine. Food is foreign policy. And I say this: this bill is a starting point. We have to work together, and I look forward to working on this bill to make it stronger. Mr. Speaker, I thank both chairmen and I thank the staff for all their collective work together. Yes, we should vote a resounding ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1530 Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, last year, in Hurricane Harvey, many in my community became food insecure. I cannot tell you how important maintaining the current SNAP benefits are. I thank the chairman from Texas and my good friend, tobe chairman from Minnesota, for their coming together. The importance of funding going to my land grant colleges is enormous in training new farmers. The work that is being added—as a member of the Homeland Security Committee—on adding broadband in the rural communities is something that is so dearly needed and has been promised for many, many years. The fact that we are expanding access to FSA farm loans for veterans, but, more importantly, for beginning farmers, creates a new pathway for those who are providing for us as the breadbasket of the world. And then, in the rural areas of my district, rural economic development is crucial, and the rural development funds are vital. So many things have been able to occur because of this funding. I ask my colleagues to support this bill because this is a perfect coming together. As former Congresswoman Shirley Chisolm said: A tree grows in Brooklyn. It is a good coming together of urban and rural supporting a dynamic bill and providing so that Americans are not food insecure and our children have the nutrition that they need. Let us vote for this bill. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time is left on both sides. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 131⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Minnesota has 11 minutes remaining. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO), a member of the committee. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, it has been a long road, but it looks like we are bringing it in for a landing, and America is thankful for a farm bill that we can all be proud of. That includes central Florida. We saw huge issues included to help out our orange growers in central Florida facing citrus greening, which is really hurting our local growers and hurting that iconic orange juice coming from Florida. We saw the inclusion of the National Animal Health Vaccine Bank, which helps out ranchers both in central Florida and throughout the United States. We saw a SNAP program that will continue to help out needy families. We saw prioritizing conservation, which is a win for both farmers and conservationists alike in an ever more crowded Florida. We also saw four bills that we crafted and put forward included, and I thank the gentleman from Texas and the gentleman from Minnesota for their help with that. The veterans with disabilities language that provides technical training, that was something that I got an idea of when I was out in Midland speaking to one of the gentleman from Texas’ constituents. The bill that allowed for authorization of agricultural research between the United States and Israel is a program that needed a long time to be authorized, and we are excited to have it. Algaebased research to look at biofuels is helpful. And just to conclude, we are also developing hightech sensors in central Florida for agriculture. I thank all of the people on the committee for their good work. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I am now pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. LAWSON ), a member of the committee. Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, for the past 2 years, serving on the Agriculture Committee, we worked on the farm bill. But also, in my district, which is so important and critical, we have had two hurricanes. The resources that we have had from previous farm bills were very significant. We just got over Hurricane Michael, which has caused a lot of damage throughout my district. But the most important issue, even the other things that we are doing for farmers in this, is about food insecurity. When I talk about food insecurity, I talk about going into my area where 100 percent of students are on free and reduced lunch, and the farm bill takes care of that. I congratulate my leader and my chairman over here for their work and the hard work they put in to make this a reality. Also in this farm bill is money for HBCUs, historically African American universities, to do more research and to get more involved so that we can feed America. I am so proud and ask all of my colleagues to vote positively for this farm bill, because one great President said: ‘‘The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here.’’ I can tell you that when we vote for this bill, people in need—farmers, all those people in this bill, the Forest Service and everything—will never forget what we did here, and I encourage you. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I thank everybody who was involved in this, the committee members and their staff. It was a bumpy road, but we figured out how to get through it and came to a bipartisan conclusion. That is the important thing. This is a good bill for my district. I think it is a good bill for agriculture, in general, around the country, and it is a good bill for America. Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my colleagues to support H.R. 2, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, before I finish, I would like to also add my thanks to the majority staff and the minority staff in the House, as well as the minority and the majority staff in the Senate. Untold hours were spent getting us to this place by these hardworking men and women who labor in relative anonymity. COLLIN and I get all the gratitude, pats on the back, hugs, and smooches, and they do all of the hard work. I would like to recognize Matt Schertz, my staff director; Bart Fischer, deputy staff director and chief economist; Patricia Straughn; Nicole Scott; Rachel Millard; Josh Maxwell; Jennifer Tiller; Paul Balzano; Trevor White; Callie McAdams; Caleb Crosswhite; Carly Reedholm; Mollie Wilken; Mindi Brookhart; John Weber; Jeremy Witte; Ashton Johnston; Yasmin Rey; Darryl Blakey; Abigail Camp; Ricki Schroeder; Margaret Wetherald; John Konya; Maggie Mullins; Faisal Siddiqui; Brian MartinHaynes; Kevin Norton; Brandon Reeves; and Nicole Bayne for all of their hard work and all of the time spent away from their families over the last yearplus getting to this point. Mr. Speaker, in a few minutes, there are going to be red and green lights go up behind your head. Pressure that is facing America’s farmers and ranchers and their families is just unimaginable to those of us who aren’t directly in the business: pressures of 5 years of reduced income; 5 years of burning through savings and capital; 5 years of really difficult circumstances; commodity prices low with no real relief on the horizon; trade turmoil across the world; lots of things going bad; as I mentioned earlier in my conversation, a 30 percent increase in bankruptcies. But, Mr. Speaker, the one thought that troubles me the most is the increase in suicides. The pressures of losing a multigenerational farm and ranch operation must be incredible to cause men and women to decide to make an awful decision as a result of those pressures. This bill will help alleviate that. This bill takes a look at those pressures, takes a look at the stresses and strains across all of rural America—economic development issues, the issues within just the practice of farming and ranching—and says here are Federal resources that we want to put against those problems, against the issues of farmers going out of business, and continuing to provide to the American consumer the most abundant, safest, and affordable food supply of any developed nation in the world. Across these last 2 years, with President Trump in office, you have seen an awful lot of comments about ‘‘buy America’’ and ‘‘let’s produce things in America.’’ There is nothing more American than food produced in our Nation, and this bill will keep us in that vein. It will keep those farmers and ranchers taking those risks, risks that none of us could imagine, year in and year out: worrying about Mother Nature, too much rain, too little rain, rain at the wrong time, too hot, not hot enough, all of those things that they have no control over. They will fight that fight day in and day out, and they are the best in the world at doing it. What they can’t do, though, is fight against the cheating in the trade world that is out there, fight against commodity prices that they can’t control. They can’t control their input costs. They are takers of those costs, and they are takers of prices. They are at the mercy of an awful lot of pressures and stresses and strains that this bill tends to address. So, Mr. Speaker, the green lights, in my view, when they start lighting up, will be the Members who have taken a look at all these things, all these issues that are facing rural America and our farmers and ranchers, and will say, yes, this bill does, in fact, address those; it does get at those issues; it does offer 5 years of stability for these folks, 5 years of lenders being able to know what the safety net will look like and being able to lend against next year’s crop, 5 years of certainty. We all work better under certainty, and knowing what this farm bill looks like, wrong or different, is far better than the option of us rolling this over to next year and starting this process over. Those green lights will be Members who have looked at all of that and said, yes, this bill is worthy of my support, worthy of my vote. Mr. Speaker, the red lights will say something entirely different. It will say that we looked at those exact same issues, we looked at these solutions, these Federal resources, and said either they are too much, not enough, they want it to go somewhere else, or, Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, there will be some who will say, well, there just weren’t things in there that we would like to have happen. Mr. Speaker, the House version that we passed back in June took some mighty bold steps toward reforming SNAP and moving in a direction that most of us believe was supported by the American people. Asking SNAP recipients to work 20 hours a week in order to maintain that public benefit, that public effort, we believe was the right way to go. That was not supported broadly by the body across the building, and we made the compromises necessary to get us to this place. In spite of that, though, Mr. Speaker, we made good reforms toward the SNAP process, toward program integrity, and making the program work better for folks who need these programs. The House version never intended to touch, nor did it touch, the folks we will always take care of: the elderly, the mentally and physically disabled, those who are temporarily out of whack. It never touched that. What it did, Mr. Speaker, was go after those folks who are ablebodied, should be working and should be in the workforce. We have 7 million unfilled jobs today, and there is work ahead of us to make this happen. Mr. Speaker, as I mentioned, I thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. I thank COLLIN PETERSON for his hard work on the conference committee. I thank our Senate colleagues who took a different view, but we are here today. Mr. Speaker, I pray that when the lights go up behind your head that there are more green lights than red lights, we can get this to the President’s desk, and get that certainty for rural America that is necessary. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, the conference report for the 2018 Farm Bill continues our safety net for farmers and maintains a safety net for struggling Americans. I would like to share with my colleagues a little bit more about how the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, also known as the 2018 Farm Bill, makes key improvements to protect the integrity of Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program or SNAP, while still preserving critical food access for millions of families. The bill does not accomplish everything on this front that I and many of my democratic colleagues might have wanted. Many of us would have been looking for ways to make needed investments in this vital food benefit for tens of millions of Americans. But, the provisions related to SNAP, the nation’s most effective nutrition program, make modest and useful improvements in this essential weapon in the fight against hunger in our nation. Just as important, the bill protects SNAP by rejecting proposals in the House Farm Bill that would have severely weakened the program and taken food assistance away from nearly 2 million people. First, I would like to talk about the SNAP improvements in the bill, one of which will help people who are experiencing homelessness to get better food assistance. SNAP’s benefit formula assumes that families will spend 30 percent of their net income for food. In determining their net income, households can deduct certain expenses that limit the funds they have available to pay for food, including housing. Like other individuals and families, those who are homeless often face housing costs, like paying for a motel room or reimbursing friends or family for a temporary home. Congress created the homeless shelter deduction to give them access to additional SNAP benefits by allowing them to deduct their shelter costs. The 2002 Farm Bill improved the deduction by allowing states to set it at a flat $143 rather than requiring them to collect and submit the paperwork needed to verify their shelter costs. My own state of Ohio adopted this option years ago. I cannot understand why all states haven’t taken this easy step to assist homeless households obtain food assistance that reflects their actual out of pocket costs. I am pleased the conference report requires all states to adopt the deduction and raise the $143 figure each year to reflect inflation, so the deduction keeps its value over time. In setting the homeless shelter deduction as a standard part of the program, the Farm Bill also maintains its key features. States will have flexibility to decide what kinds of documentation they will accept from clients claiming shelter costs, including the client’s statement of what they have been spending. And, states must continue to help homeless households claim the regular shelter deduction rather than the homeless deduction if that would get them more SNAP benefits. Another SNAP improvement in the conference report will set the stage for future, muchneeded improvements in the basic SNAP benefit. The bill includes a House Farm Bill provision requiring USDA to revise its Thrifty Food Plan—which reflects the cost of a basic, nutritionally adequate diet—on a regular basis to reflect the latest information on food costs, actual consumption, and dietary guidelines. This is an important step because SNAP benefit amounts are based on the Thrifty Food Plan. When USDA updates the Thrifty Food Plan to reflect current consumer choices and newer healthy food guidelines, the Administration has always required that USDA’s new Thrifty Food Plan food basket cost the same as the old basket. That means that USDA has had to make unrealistic assumptions about what a typical household can actually do to buy and prepare food. Academics, including the National Academy of Sciences, have noted how distorted the current package is relative to what is realistic about what households typically buy, how much time it takes them and how much food that meets the dietary guidelines actually costs—even when it is a very bare bones diet. I want to make clear that our provision does not have that cost limitation and we fully expect the Administration to report out to us what the cost of a modern Thrifty Food Plan would costs. I expect that means that the cost will increase and as a result that SNAP’ s maximum allotment will also increase, an adjustment that is long overdue. The conference report also has provisions to help more food retailers support SNAP. Nearly 9,700 Ohio food stores participate in SNAP. In my own district, the 11th District, it is just over 800 stores, ranging from large superstores to local farmers’ markets. The new bill will enable retailers to offer incentives for SNAP participants. Stores will still have to treat SNAP participants like other customers, but with one exception. Stores will now have the option of offering them modest incentives, such as targeted coupons. As I mentioned earlier, the conference report is as important for what it does not do regarding SNAP as for what it does do. The Conference Committee rejected all the harsh benefit and eligibility changes in the House bill, which means SNAP will still be available to the tens of millions of Americans who use it to help them afford a decent diet. Most notably, the conference report rejects the House approach of taking away SNAP benefits from those who struggle to work. Instead, it seeks to improve clients’ job outcomes by focusing on job training. It encourages states to work more directly with local employers, expands the options that states have over the types of programs they can offer through their SNAP employment and training programs, and reallocates funds to states with existing pilot programs and states with programs that target specific populations with barriers to work, such as the formerly incarcerated. While job search will no longer be allowed as an allowable standalone activity, states will be able to continue supervised job search programs as they see fit, including online job search that meets state supervision requirements and definitions. The Conference Committee also rejected House provisions that would shorten SNAP’s threemonth time limit to one month and expand the population subject to the rule to a broader group of recipients. We also rejected the House’s proposal to limit states’ flexibility to waive highunemployment areas from the threemonth limit. Contrary to statements by some House members, governors are aware of the waivers their state SNAP agencies seek, but the conference report clarifies current practice by stating that states seek should waivers with the authority provided to them by their chief executive. We specifically directed USDA that this clarification should have no impact on the current waiver process and that the agency may not add additional steps or clearances to the application process. We also rejected the House’s proposal to undo a longstanding state option called categorical eligibility. Under this option, states can import the gross income or asset tests from a TANFfunded program into SNAP. States can simplify and streamline SNAP eligibility and enrollment processes but easing these rules and they can expand who is eligible for the program including more working poor, recently unemployed with modest savings and more senior households with savings above the federal limits. This House proposal would have eliminated benefits for some 2 million people in nearly 1 million households. I appreciate Senator Stabenow’s leadership in fighting back against this proposal. Another House proposal the conference report wisely rejected would force all states to require SNAP participants to cooperate with child support enforcement—something that’s now a state option as a condition of SNAP eligibility. Given the deep concerns about the current option we heard from community groups representing grandparents and victims of domestic violence in states that have adopted it, we could not mandate the option. In fact, we included a study on this option to better understand its impact. USDA can help us gather more information about the damage this option is causing particularly by gathering the perspective of those individuals who avoid SNAP out of fear of having to cooperate with child support enforcement. In contrast to the issues I have discussed above, strengthening SNAP’s payment accuracy and reducing fraud is not a partisan question, and the conference report reflects that fact. For example, it requires all states to implement a pilot program called the National Accuracy Clearinghouse, which uses data matching to ensure an individual or household doesn’t receive SNAP from two different states simultaneously. This is relatively rare and can occur due to state error or deliberate fraud. It usually is not due to fraud—instead, it generally happens when SNAP participants move to a new state and apply for benefits there, after notifying their former state that they were leaving, but the former state does not expeditiously take them off the program. Nevertheless, it is a problem that needs addressing, and this new interstate data matching will help states do that by making their processes for disenrolling families more efficient and accurate. This will only be an improvement to the program if USDA ensures that this process happens seamlessly for applicants, including resolving any issues with a state that shows the clients remain enrolled. SNAP participants are by their very nature struggling to afford food and life’s necessities. They cannot afford time of work, long distance phone calls or attorneys to settle bureaucratic nuances. The sensible approach would be simply to disenroll the client from the state claiming dual enrollment and let it end there. Without evidence the client was trying to commit a crime by enrolling twice, USDA and states should assume innocent error and leave it at that. One change that might surprise my colleagues is that we discovered that by dropping a Senate pilot program on income verification 
we might actually advance state efforts to streamline verification. The Senate bill included a provision to test using third party data sources, mostly run by private companies to verify income. Large employers like big box stores or fast food chains employ many workers who are also eligible for benefits. They often use a thirdparty vendor to verify income for programs like SNAP and Medicaid. You would think we would have been anxious to sort how best to move forward with helping states to use this type of verification. The Conference Committee came to understand that many states are already using these private vendors to verify income. As it happens, states are paying for these services for SNAP with a federal match, and the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) is also paying the same vendor for the same data to assist states with verifying income for health benefit determinations. States have access to the HHS data for Medicaid but cannot use it for SNAP under the limits of the contract. Fortunately, HHS can elect an option under the contract to share the same income verification data they provide to Medicaid with SNAP. This would be an extraordinary advancement in simplification and accuracy and it ought to provide the federal government monetary savings. This type of economy of scale in procurement would be a real windfall in contract payment and improve benefit accuracy. Also, to explore new ways SNAP can help lowincome populations, the conference report authorizes USDA to work with states to set up longitudinal data sets using SNAP administrative data and other sources that would allow states, USDA, and researchers to study caseload dynamics and other issues over time. While our preference would be to capture states’ entire caseload for the dataset, perfection should not be the enemy of the good. The goal is to pursue research, not to build a perfect dataset. States can decide what will work best for them with respect to how to construct the dataset—whether they want to use a sample of their caseload or some other approach. By contrast, there must be consistent federal rules ensuring the highest degree of data privacy and security for clients. This data is meant to be available to researchers and the public to use, so all personal identifying information must be removed from the records. That brings me to the issue of quality control. The conference report includes several changes designed to create more consistency among states in how they measure payment accuracy. In the past, FNS has not evenly applied the rules in this area across states; the conference report changes largely codify steps USDA is taking to help address this problem. Going forward, FNS and the states must work together to improve consistency in measuring payment accuracy. For its part, FNS must strengthen federal review of state quality control procedures. On a related issue, the final conference report eliminates bonuses to states for high and improved performance in key aspects of program operations. States are always expected to deliver high quality services through SNAP to participants. This is required by law and is expected by Congress and taxpayers. Quality, timely and accurate delivery of benefits to eligible households is the basic standard. Eliminating bonuses does not change that. Nor should it change USDA’s scrutiny of state performance on these fronts. Payment accuracy, including improper denials, program access and timeliness are all standards against which states must be measured, and when states to not perform to expected standards, USDA must and will continue to take corrective actions. In sum, while this legislation is necessarily a compromise, overall it will make SNAP stronger and better able to help millions of Americans put food on the table—including families with children, persons with disabilities, and seniors. SNAP is more important to our nation’s seniors than many realize. The typical SNAP household with an elderly member includes a single elderly person with income of about $11,000 a year, or a little below the poverty line. In fact, nearly 3 in 4 SNAP households with an elderly member live in poverty. SNAP households with an elderly member receive an average of about $1,500 a year in benefits. The House Farm Bill would have cut SNAP eligibility for seniors, made it harder for grandparents informally caring for their grandchildren to participate in SNAP, and subjected older workers to work requirements despite the difficulty they face in the labor market. One of the main strengths of the conference report is that it does not include these and other negative House proposals. That rejection, along with the conference report’s modest positive changes, will help SNAP continue to fulfill its role of supporting needy families in our nation. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the efforts of my colleagues on the Agriculture Committee, which have resulted in this bipartisan bill. I am particularly pleased that the conference report rejects controversial provisions from the House bill, which would have increased hunger and hardship for millions of Americans, who are struggling to work. The Housepassed cuts would have harmed many children, seniors, and working parents in my home state of Massachusetts, where about one in nine residents currently relies on the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance program (SNAP) to put food on the table. I would like to comment in more detail about one specific cut that the Conference Committee rejected. It was titled ‘‘Update to Categorical Eligibility’’, but the proposal was largely a repeal of a decadesold state option in SNAP that allows states to liberalize the SNAP gross income and asset test by providing them or providing access to a TANF funded benefit. Repealing this option would have terminated food assistance to close to 2 million lowincome people across the country, including families in Massachusetts. The Conference Committee was wise to reject the cut. As a member of the Ways and Means Committee since 1993 and as a member who was actively engaged in our debates and supported final passage of the 1996 law, I’d like to remind my colleagues of this option in SNAP to use TANF income and asset tests to simplify administration and access to benefits families need. Under categorical eligibility, states can raise SNAP income eligibility cutoffs and asset limits and align SNAP’s rules with those that states set for benefits funded through TANF. With this option, 32 states have lifted SNAP’s income limits, extending the program to more working families. Over 40 states have used the option to adopt less restrictive asset tests, that is, the amount of financial assets, such as in a savings account, that a household may own and remain eligible for SNAP. Making the safety net more flexible and allowing states to be more responsive to the needs of working families was a key design feature of the welfare law. This option to expand what was then called food stamps and the option to expand Medicaid were key elements of that purpose. President Clinton set up the guidelines that govern the option which are very much in keeping with how TANF benefits work. Unfortunately, it would appear that the Trump Administration may attempt to make the policy change Congress specifically rejected, without our authorization. The Administration has signaled that it plans to reregulate the rules governing categorical eligibility. Let me be clear, the Administration has no authority to roll back or curb the option. The law is straightforward. Households that receive a TANFfunded benefit are categorically eligible for SNAP. And, TANF law is clear that funds under the block grant can go for purposes and populations that cover all SNAP eligible households. This decadesold policy option is not up for debate or reinterpretation. In converting the Aid for Dependent Families entitlement program into a block grant, Congress understood the tremendous flexibility it was giving states to use funds for a wide range of purposes, including both assistance and benefit programs. How states use the funds can be inspirational or frustrating. Many of us wish they would focus more on serving poor children. Nevertheless, the legal flexibility conferred to states under the TANF block grant funding stream to create benefit programs and services with many different purposes and with less restrictive eligibility rules than SNAP also means that states can use these programs to confer categorical eligibility, and provide SNAP for all those determined eligible for such programs. This includes programs and services created solely to leverage this option. The Trump Administration would be wise not to attempt an unlawful rollback of this option. It would run counter to the law and harm families in need. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, American agriculture is a dynamic part of our national economy and a significant part of our local communities. Agriculture impacts the life of every American, and it is important that this industry can continue to meet the needs of our nation. This Farm Bill Conference Report strikes a strong balance of reforms while providing the stability that our nation’s farmers and rural communities need. Over the past five years rural America has endured some of the toughest economic times seen in generations. These hardworking men and women get up every day to put food not only on their table, but yours and mine as well. This Farm Bill provides the stability they need to run a successful business and take care of their families. It strengthens rural development initiatives and makes significant investments in rural broadband. Additionally, while promoting sound agriculture policy this legislation legalizes the production of hemp as an agricultural commodity and removes it from the list of controlled substances. In 2017, the sale of hemp products totaled an estimated 800 million dollars in the United States, however the majority of those products were imported from China and Canada. American farmers will now be able to 
take advantage of this untapped market and begin growing hemp to capitalize on its many commercial uses. In closing, I would like to commend Chairman Conaway and his staff for their unrelenting work on this Farm Bill. It has been a privilege to fight alongside you on the House Agriculture Committee to ensure prosperity for rural America. I am proud to support this important legislation and it has been a true privilege to represent the interests of farmers from Virginia’s Sixth District. I urge a yes vote. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his tremendous leadership on this bill and so many other issues. It is because of democratic leadership that this bill rejected all of the harmful changes to nutrition, so I thank him for that. I rise today in support of the Farm Bill conference report (H.R. 2). This bill reauthorizes SNAP—our nation’s first line of defense against hunger. This bill also rejects the dangerous and immoral work requirements, which would have pushed 2 million people further into hunger and poverty. Mr. Speaker, nutrition assistance helps 40 million people put food on the table. And the vast majority of families who receive food stamps are working. In fact, more than 80 percent of SNAP households work the year before or after receiving aid. This program helps the working poor, children, the disabled and seniors. It’s a necessary lifeline to our fellow Americans who otherwise would go hungry. And I know how important this program is, Mr. Speaker, when I was a young, single mom raising two little boys, I relied on food stamps to help my family during a very difficult time in my life. It was a bridge over troubled waters. And quite frankly I would not be where I am today without that assistance. All families should have this bridge over troubled waters when they need it. And Mr. Speaker, while this bill is a step in the right direction for our antipoverty work, we must do more to ensure that all families have nutritious and regular meals every day. No one in the richest nation on earth should go hungry but unfortunately 40 million do. 40 million. So, I urge my colleagues support this bill and to redouble our efforts to end poverty and hunger in our nation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 1176, the previous question is ordered on the conference report. The question is on the conference report. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
b1545 ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 434. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, I was in Senate Chamber trying to prevent a hold on H.R. 7217. I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 434. 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY DATA FRAMEWORK ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WEBER of Texas). The unfinished business is the question on suspending the rules and concurring in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2454) to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a data framework to provide access for appropriate personnel to law enforcement and other information of the Department, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EXPRESSING SENSE OF THE HOUSE RELATING TO AUTOMATED EXTERNAL DEFIBRILLATOR TRAINING Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Education and the Workforce and the Committee on Energy and Commerce be discharged from further consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 35) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives relating to automated external defibrillator (AED) training in the Nation’s schools, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Minnesota? There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
H. R ES. 35 Whereas the American Red Cross advocates that improved training and access to automated external defibrillators (AEDs) could save 50,000 lives each year; Whereas the average response time to a 911 call is 8 to 12 minutes; Whereas the likelihood of survival is reduced approximately 10 percent for each minute defibrillation is delayed; and Whereas sudden cardiac arrest is most effectively treated by combining CPR and defibrillation: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the House of Representatives that— (1) public schools in possession of one or more AEDs should schedule annual AED training for all school personnel, for which staff meetings or inservice days allocated under State law for training programs in emergency first aid and cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) may be used; (2) such public schools should consider including in such annual AED training instruction on the use of AEDs and information for school personnel relating to the locations of AEDs, the school’s response plan, and the members of the school response team; (3) each public school in possession of one or more AEDs should conduct an annual CPR and AED drill for school personnel to practice the use of these lifesaving measures and to evaluate the school’s preparedness in the event of a sudden cardiac arrest; and (4) when planning the training and drills, local educational agencies (LEAs) and schools should coordinate with other schools operating training programs, any State issued recommendations as to the development or usage of appropriate programs, and the American Heart Association Guidelines for Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation and Emergency Cardiovascular Care. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LEWIS OF  
Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. I have an amendment to the text at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 2, line 4, strike ‘‘training’’ and insert ‘‘education’’. Page 2, line 6, strike ‘‘training’’ and insert ‘‘professional development’’. Page 2, line 10, strike ‘‘training’’ and insert ‘‘education’’. Page 2, line 21, strike ‘‘training’’ and insert ‘‘education’’. Page 2, line 23, strike ‘‘training’’ and insert ‘‘education’’. 
Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Minnesota? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The resolution, as amended, was agreed to. 
Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment to the preamble at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
In the first whereas clause of the preamble, strike ‘‘training’’ and insert ‘‘education’’. 
The amendment to the preamble was agreed to. The title of the resolution was amended so as to read: ‘‘Resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives relating to automated external defibrillator (AED) education in the Nation’s schools.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
GRANTING OF POSTHUMOUS CITIZENSHIP TO OTHERWISE QUALIFIED NONCITIZENS WHO ENLISTED IN THE PHILIPPINES Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 887) to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to extend honorary citizenship to otherwise qualified noncitizens who enlisted in the Philippines and died while serving on active duty with the United States Armed Forces during certain periods of hostilities, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 887 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. GRANTING OF POSTHUMOUS CITIZENSHIP TO OTHERWISE QUALIFIED NONCITIZENS WHO ENLISTED IN THE PHILIPPINES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 329A(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1440– 1(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) NONCITIZENS ELIGIBLE FOR POSTHUMOUS CITIZENSHIP .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—A person referred to in subsection (a) is a person who, while an alien or a noncitizen national of the United States— ‘‘(A) served honorably in an activeduty status in the military, air, or naval forces of the United States during any period described in the first sentence of section 329(a); ‘‘(B) died as a result of injury or disease incurred in or aggravated by that service; and ‘‘(C) either— ‘‘(i) satisfied the requirements of clause (1) or (2) of the first sentence of section 329(a); or ‘‘(ii) enlisted, reenlisted, extended enlistment, or was inducted in the Philippines and died during the period beginning September 1, 1939, and ending December 31, 1946. ‘‘(2) DETERMINATION OF SATISFACTION OF RE QUIREMENTS .—The executive department under which a person described in paragraph (1) served shall determine whether the person satisfied the requirements of subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C)(ii) of paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) POSTHUMOUS BENEFITS .—In the case of a person to which paragraph (1)(C)(ii) applies— ‘‘(A) section 319(d) shall not apply; and ‘‘(B) section 1703 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 117 Stat. 1693; 8 U.S.C. 1151 note) shall not apply.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 329A(c)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1440–1(c)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(i), by inserting ‘‘(or, in the case of an individual to which clause (ii) of subsection (b)(1)(C) applies, the date of the enactment of such clause (ii))’’ 
after ‘‘the date of enactment of this section’’; (2) by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) the request is accompanied by a duly authenticated certificate from the executive department under which the person served which states that the person satisfied the requirements of— ‘‘(i) subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (b)(1); and ‘‘(ii) if applicable, subparagraph (C)(ii) of subsection (b)(1); and’’; and (3) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘of subsection (b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘of subsection (b)(1)(C)(i)’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CYBERTIPLINE MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of the bill (S. 3170) to amend title 18, United States Code, to make certain changes to the reporting requirement of certain service providers regarding child sexual exploitation visual depictions, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3170 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘CyberTipline Modernization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ALTERATIONS TO REPORTING REQUIREMENTS FOR ELECTRONIC SERVICE PROVIDERS AND REMOTE COMPUTING SERVICE PROVIDERS. 
Section 2258A of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ electronic communication service providers and remote computing service providers’’ and inserting ‘‘providers’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) DUTY.—In order to reduce the proliferation of online child sexual exploitation and to prevent the online sexual exploitation of children, a provider— ‘‘(i) shall, as soon as reasonably possible after obtaining actual knowledge of any facts or circumstances described in paragraph (2)(A), take the actions described in subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(ii) may, after obtaining actual knowledge of any facts or circumstances described in paragraph (2)(B), take the actions described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) ACTIONS DESCRIBED .—The actions described in this subparagraph are— ‘‘(i) providing to the CyberTipline of NCMEC, or any successor to the CyberTipline operated by NCMEC, the mailing address, telephone number, facsimile number, electronic mailing address of, and individual point of contact for, such provider; and ‘‘(ii) making a report of such facts or circumstances to the CyberTipline, or any successor to the CyberTipline operated by NCMEC.’’; and (B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) FACTS OR CIRCUMSTANCES .— ‘‘(A) APPARENT VIOLATIONS .—The facts or circumstances described in this subparagraph are any facts or circumstances from which there is an apparent violation of section 2251, 2251A, 2252, 2252A, 2252B, or 2260 that involves child pornography. ‘‘(B) IMMINENT VIOLATIONS .—The facts or circumstances described in this subparagraph are any facts or circumstances which indicate a violation of any of the sections described in subparagraph (A) involving child pornography may be planned or imminent.’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘To the extent’’ and inserting ‘‘In an effort to prevent the future sexual victimization of children, and to the extent’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘an electronic communication service provider or a remote computing service provider’’ and inserting ‘‘a provider’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘may include’’ and inserting ‘‘may, at the sole discretion of the provider, include’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or plans to violate’’ after ‘‘who appears to have violated’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘payment information (excluding personally identifiable information),’’ after ‘‘uniform resource locator,’’; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘an electronic communication service or a remote computing service’’ and inserting ‘‘a provider’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘apparent child pornography’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘content relating to the report’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘the electronic communication service provider or remote computing service provider’’ and inserting ‘‘the provider’’; (D) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) GEOGRAPHIC LOCATION INFORMATION .— Information relating to the geographic location of the involved individual or website, which may include the Internet Protocol address or verified address, or, if not reasonably available, at least one form of geographic identifying information, including area code or zip code, provided by the customer or subscriber, or stored or obtained by the provider.’’; (E) in paragraph (4)— (i) in the heading by striking ‘‘IMAGES ’’ and inserting ‘‘VISUAL DEPICTIONS ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘image’’ and inserting ‘‘visual depiction’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘or other content’’ after ‘‘apparent child pornography’’; and (F) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘image’’ and inserting ‘‘visual depiction’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘or other content’’ after ‘‘apparent child pornography’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘images’’ and inserting ‘‘visual depictions’’; (4) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c) FORWARDING OF REPORT TO LAWENFORCEMENT .—Pursuant to its clearinghouse role as a private, nonprofit organization, and at the conclusion of its review in furtherance of its nonprofit mission, NCMEC shall make available each report made under subsection (a)(1) to one or more of the following law enforcement agencies: ‘‘(1) Any Federal law enforcement agency that is involved in the investigation of child sexual exploitation, kidnapping, or enticement crimes. ‘‘(2) Any State or local law enforcement agency that is involved in the investigation of child sexual exploitation. ‘‘(3) A foreign law enforcement agency designated by the Attorney General under subsection (d)(3) or a foreign law enforcement agency that has an established relationship with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, or INTERPOL, and is involved in the investigation of child sexual exploitation, kidnapping, or enticement crimes.’’; (5) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘shall designate promptly the’’ and inserting ‘‘may designate a’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘shall promptly’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘designate the’’ and inserting ‘‘designate’’; (C) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and inserting ‘‘NCMEC’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘electronic communication service providers, remote computing service providers’’ and inserting ‘‘providers’’; (D) by striking paragraph (5); (E) by redesignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (5); and (F) by amending paragraph (5), as so redesignated, to read as follows: ‘‘(5) NOTIFICATION TO PROVIDERS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—NCMEC may notify a provider of the information described in subparagraph (B), if— ‘‘(i) a provider notifies NCMEC that the provider is making a report under this section as the result of a request by a foreign law enforcement agency; and ‘‘(ii) NCMEC forwards the report described in clause (i) to— ‘‘(I) the requesting foreign law enforcement agency; or ‘‘(II) another agency in the same country designated by the Attorney General under paragraph (3) or that has an established relationship with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, or INTERPOL and is involved in the investigation of child sexual exploitation, kidnapping, or enticement crimes. ‘‘(B) INFORMATION DESCRIBED .—The information described in this subparagraph is— ‘‘(i) the identity of the foreign law enforcement agency to which the report was forwarded; and ‘‘(ii) the date on which the report was forwarded. ‘‘(C) NOTIFICATION OF INABILITY TO FORWARD  
REPORT .—If a provider notifies NCMEC that the provider is making a report under this section as the result of a request by a foreign law enforcement agency and NCMEC is unable to forward the report as described in subparagraph (A)(ii), NCMEC shall notify the provider that NCMEC was unable to forward the report.’’; (6) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘An electronic communication service provider or remote computing service provider’’ and inserting ‘‘A provider’’; (7) in subsection (f)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘an electronic communication service provider or a remote computing service provider’’ and inserting ‘‘a provider’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘seek’’ and inserting ‘‘search, screen, or scan for’’; (8) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(vi), by striking ‘‘an electronic communication service provider 
or remote computing service provider’’ and inserting ‘‘a provider’’; and (ii) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) LIMITATION .—Nothing in subparagraph (A)(vi) authorizes a law enforcement agency to provide visual depictions of apparent child pornography to a provider.’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
THE NATIONAL CENTER FOR MISSING AND EX PLOITED CHILDREN ’’ and inserting ‘‘NCMEC’’; (ii) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and inserting ‘‘NCMEC’’; (II) by inserting after ‘‘may disclose’’ the following: ‘‘by mail, electronic transmission, or other reasonable means,’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘only’’ and inserting ‘‘only to’’; (iii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘ to any Federal law enforcement agency’’ and inserting ‘‘any Federal law enforcement agency’’; and (II) by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘or that is involved in the investigation of child sexual exploitation, kidnapping, or enticement crimes’’; (iv) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘to any State’’ and inserting ‘‘any State’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘child pornography, child exploitation’’ and inserting ‘‘child sexual exploitation’’; (v) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by striking ‘‘to any foreign law enforcement agency’’ and inserting ‘‘any foreign law enforcement agency’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘or that has an established relationship with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, or INTERPOL, and is involved in the investigation of child sexual exploitation, kidnapping, or enticement crimes;’’; (vi) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by striking ‘‘to an electronic communication service provider or remote computing service provider’’ and inserting ‘‘a provider’’; and (II) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (vii) by adding after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) respond to legal process, as necessary.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) PERMITTED DISCLOSURE BY A PRO VIDER .—A provider that submits a report under subsection (a)(1) may disclose by mail, electronic transmission, or other reasonable means, information, including visual depictions contained in the report, in a manner consistent with permitted disclosures under paragraphs (3) through (8) of section 2702(b) only to a law enforcement agency described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (3), to NCMEC, or as necessary to respond to legal process.’’; and (9) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘the notification to an electronic communication service provider or a remote computing service provider by the CyberTipline of receipt of a report’’ and inserting ‘‘a completed submission by a provider of a report to the CyberTipline’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, as if such request was made pursuant to section 2703(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘the contents provided in the report for 90 days after the submission to the CyberTipline’’; (B) by striking paragraph (2); (C) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (5) as paragraphs (2) through (4), respectively; (D) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘IMAGES ’’ and inserting ‘‘
CONTENT ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘an electronic communication service provider or a remote computing service’’ and inserting ‘‘a provider’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘images’’ and inserting ‘‘visual depictions’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘commingled or interspersed among the images of apparent child pornography within a particular communication or user created folder or directory’’ and inserting ‘‘reasonably accessible and may provide context or additional information about the reported material or person’’; and (E) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘An electronic communication service or remote computing service’’ and inserting ‘‘A provider’’. 
SEC. 3. LIMITED LIABILITY FOR PROVIDERS OR DOMAIN NAME REGISTRARS. 
Section 2258B of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading— (A) by striking ‘‘electronic communication service providers, remote computing service providers,’’ and inserting ‘‘providers’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘registrar’’ and inserting ‘‘registrars’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘an electronic communication service provider, a remote computing service provider,’’ and inserting ‘‘a provider’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘such electronic communication service provider, remote computing service provider,’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘such provider’’; (3) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘electronic communication service provider, remote computing service provider,’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘provider’’; and (4) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘image’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘visual depiction’’; and (B) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘An electronic communication service provider, a remote computing service provider,’’ and inserting ‘‘A provider’’. 
SEC. 4. USE TO COMBAT CHILD PORNOGRAPHY OF TECHNICAL ELEMENTS RELATING TO REPORTS MADE TO CYBERTIPLINE. 
Section 2258C of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ to images reported to’’ and inserting ‘‘to reports made to’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and inserting ‘‘NCMEC’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘apparent child pornography image of an identified child’’ and inserting ‘‘CyberTipline report’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘an electronic communication service provider or a remote computing service provider’’ and inserting ‘‘a provider’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘that electronic communication service provider or remote computing service provider’’ and inserting ‘‘that provider’’; and (v) by striking ‘‘further transmission of images’’ and inserting ‘‘online sexual exploitation of children’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘specific image, Internet location of images, and other technological elements that can be used to identify and stop the transmission of child pornography’’ and inserting ‘‘specific visual depiction, including an Internet location and any other elements provided in a CyberTipline report that can be used to identify, prevent, curtail, or stop the transmission of child pornography and prevent the online sexual exploitation of children’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘actual images’’ and inserting ‘‘actual visual depictions of apparent child pornography’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION SERVICE PROVIDERS  
ANDREMOTE COMPUTING SERVICE PROVIDERS ’’ and inserting ‘‘PROVIDERS ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘electronic communication service provider or remote computing service provider’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘provider’’; (C) by striking ‘‘apparent child pornography image of an identified child from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and inserting ‘‘CyberTipline report from NCMEC’’; (D) by striking ‘‘shall not relieve that’’ and inserting ‘‘shall not relieve the’’; and (E) by striking ‘‘its reporting obligations’’ and inserting ‘‘reporting’’; (4) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘electronic communication service providers or remote computing service providers’’ and inserting ‘‘providers’’; (B) by striking ‘‘apparent child pornography image of an identified child from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and inserting ‘‘CyberTipline report from NCMEC’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘further transmission of the images’’ and inserting ‘‘online sexual exploitation of children’’; (5) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children shall’’ and inserting ‘‘NCMEC may’’; (B) by inserting after ‘‘local law enforcement’’ the following: ‘‘, and to foreign law enforcement agencies described in section 2258A(c)(3),’’; (C) by striking ‘‘investigation of child pornography’’ and inserting ‘‘investigation of child sexual exploitation’’; (D) by striking ‘‘image of an identified child’’ and inserting ‘‘visual depiction’’; and (E) by striking ‘‘reported to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and inserting ‘‘reported to the CyberTipline’’; and (6) in subsection (e)— (A) by inserting before ‘‘Federal’’ the following: ‘‘foreign,’’; (B) by striking ‘‘image of an identified child from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children under section (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘visual depiction from NCMEC under subsection (d)’’; (C) by striking ‘‘child pornography crimes’’ and inserting ‘‘child sexual exploitation crimes,’’; and (D) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘and prevent future sexual victimization of children’’. 
Section 2258D of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ the Na tional Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and inserting ‘‘NCMEC’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Except as provided’’ and inserting ‘‘Pursuant to its clearinghouse role as a private, nonprofit organization and its mission to help find missing children, reduce online sexual exploitation of children and prevent future victimization, and except as provided’’; (B) by striking ‘‘the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and inserting ‘‘NCMEC’’; (C) by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 5773)’’ and inserting ‘‘(34 U.S.C. 11293)’’; (D) by striking ‘‘such center’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘NCMEC’’; and 
(E) by striking ‘‘from the effort’’ and inserting ‘‘from the efforts’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and inserting ‘‘NCMEC’’; (B) by striking ‘‘such center’’ and inserting ‘‘NCMEC’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 5773)’’ and inserting ‘‘(34 U.S.C. 11293)’’; and (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’’ and inserting ‘‘NCMEC’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘image’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘visual depiction’’. 
Section 2258E of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2258D’’ and inserting ‘‘2258E’’; (2) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) by redesignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (8); and (4) by inserting after paragraph (5) the following: ‘‘(6) the term ‘provider’ means an electronic communication service provider or remote computing service; ‘‘(7) the term ‘NCMEC’ means the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children; and’’. 
The table of sections for chapter 110 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relating to sections 2258A, 2258B, 2258C, and 2258D and inserting the following: ‘‘2258A. Reporting requirements of providers. ‘‘2258B. Limited liability for providers or domain name registrars. ‘‘2258C. Use to combat child pornography of technical elements relating to reports made to the CyberTipline. ‘‘2258D. Limited liability for NCMEC.’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
POSTHUMOUSLY AWARDING CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO GLEN DOHERTY, TYRONE WOODS, J. CHRISTOPHER STEVENS, AND SEAN SMITH Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Financial Services be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2315) to posthumously award the Congressional Gold Medal to each of Glen Doherty, Tyrone Woods, J. Christopher Stevens, and Sean Smith in recognition of their contributions to the Nation, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2315 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) On September 11, 2012, the United States consulate, and its personnel in Benghazi, Libya, were attacked by militants. (2) Four Americans were killed in the attack, including Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens, Sean Smith, Glen Doherty, and Tyrone Woods. (3) Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods were former Navy SEALs who served as security personnel in Libya. As the attack unfolded, they bravely attempted to defend American property and protect United States diplomatic personnel. In so doing, they selflessly sacrificed their own lives. (4) Glen Doherty was a Navy SEAL for 12 years and served in Iraq and Afghanistan. He attained the rank of Petty Officer First Class and earned the Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal. After leaving the Navy, Glen Doherty worked with the Department of State to protect American diplomats. (5) Tyrone Woods served for 20 years as a Navy SEAL including tours in Iraq and Afghanistan. In Iraq he led multiple raids and reconnaissance missions and earned the Bronze Star. After retiring from the Navy as a Senior Chief Petty Officer, Tyrone Woods worked with the Department of State to protect American diplomats. (6) J. Christopher Stevens served for 21 years in the U.S. Foreign Service. He was serving as U.S. Ambassador to Libya and previously served twice in the country, as both Special Representative to the Libyan Transitional National Council and as the Deputy Chief of Mission. Earlier in his life, he also served as a Peace Corps volunteer teaching English in Morocco. (7) Sean Smith served for 6 years in the U.S. Air Force. He attained the rank of Staff Sergeant and was awarded the Air Force Commendation Medal. After leaving the Air Force, Sean Smith served for 10 years in the State Department on various assignments, which took him to places such as Baghdad, Brussels, Pretoria, and The Hague. (8) As their careers attest, all four men served their country honorably. SEC. 2. CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL. 
(a) A WARD AUTHORIZED .—The Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate shall make appropriate arrangements for the posthumous award, on behalf of the Congress, of a gold medal of appropriate design in commemoration of Glen Doherty, Tyrone Woods, J. Christopher Stevens, and Sean Smith in recognition of their contributions to the Nation. (b) DESIGN AND STRIKING .—For the purposes of the awards referred to in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury (hereafter in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall strike the gold medals with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions, to be determined by the Secretary. 
Under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe, the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medals struck under section 2, at a price sufficient to cover the costs of the medals, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and overhead expenses, and the cost of the gold medals. 
Medals struck pursuant to this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be charged against the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund, such amounts as may be necessary to pay for the cost of the medals struck pursuant to this Act. (b) PROCEEDS OF SALE.—Amounts received from the sale of duplicate bronze medals under section 3 shall be deposited in the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund. 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) On September 11, 2012, the United States consulate, and its personnel in Benghazi, Libya, were attacked by militants. (2) Four Americans were killed in the attack, including Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens, Sean Smith, Glen Doherty, and Tyrone Woods. (3) Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods were former Navy SEALs who served as security personnel in Libya. As the attack unfolded, they bravely attempted to defend American property and protect United States diplomatic personnel. In so doing, they selflessly sacrificed their own lives. (4) Glen Doherty was a Navy SEAL for 12 years and served in Iraq and Afghanistan. He attained the rank of Petty Officer First Class and earned the Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal. After leaving the Navy, Glen Doherty worked with the Department of State to protect American diplomats. (5) Tyrone Woods served for 20 years as a Navy SEAL including tours in Iraq and Afghanistan. In Iraq he led multiple raids and reconnaissance missions and earned the Bronze Star. After retiring from the Navy as a Senior Chief Petty Officer, Tyrone Woods worked with the Department of State to protect American diplomats. (6) J. Christopher Stevens served for 21 years in the U.S. Foreign Service. He was serving as U.S. Ambassador to Libya and previously served twice in the country, as both Special Representative to the Libyan Transitional National Council and as the Deputy Chief of Mission. Earlier in his life, he also served as a Peace Corps volunteer teaching English in Morocco. (7) Sean Smith served for 6 years in the U.S. Air Force. He attained the rank of Staff Sergeant and was awarded the Air Force Commendation Medal. After leaving the Air Force, Sean Smith served for 10 years in the State Department on various assignments, which took him to places such as Baghdad, Brussels, Pretoria, and The Hague. (8) As their careers attest, all four men served their country honorably. 
(a) A WARD AUTHORIZED .—The Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate shall make appropriate arrangements for the posthumous award, on behalf of the Congress, of a single gold medal of appropriate design collectively in commemoration of Glen Doherty, Tyrone Woods, J. Christopher Stevens, and Sean Smith, in recognition of their contributions to the Nation. (b) DESIGN AND STRIKING .—For the purposes of the award referred to in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury (hereafter in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall strike the gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions, to be determined by the Secretary. (c) CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY MUSEUM .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Following the award of the gold medal under subsection (a), the gold 
medal shall be given to the Central Intelligence Agency Museum, where it will be displayed as appropriate and made for research. (2) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Central Intelligence Agency Museum should make the gold medal received under paragraph (1) available for display elsewhere, particularly at other appropriate locations associated with Glen Doherty, Tyrone Woods, J. Christopher Stevens, and Sean Smith. 
Under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe, the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck under section 2, at a price sufficient to cover the costs of the medals, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and overhead expenses, and the cost of the gold medal. 
Medals struck pursuant to this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. 
Mr. BARR (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to posthumously award the Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to Glen Doherty, Tyrone Woods, J. Christopher Stevens, and Sean Smith, in recognition of their contributions to the Nation.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CHINESEAMERICAN WORLD WAR II VETERAN CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL ACT Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on House Administration be discharged from further consideration of the bill (S. 1050) to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chinese American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1050 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Chinese American World War II Veteran Congressional Gold Medal Act’’. 
Congress finds that— (1) Chinese Americans served the United States in every conflict since the Civil War, and distinguished themselves in World War II, serving in every theater of war and every branch of service, earning citations for their heroism and honorable service, including the Medal of Honor; (2) Chinese nationals and Chinese Americans faced institutional discrimination in the United States since before World War II, limiting the size of their population and their ability to build thriving communities in the United States; (3) the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to execute certain treaty stipulations relating to Chinese’’, approved May 6, 1882 (commonly known as the ‘‘Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882’’) (22 Stat. 58, chapter 126), was the first Federal law that broadly restricted immigration and a specific nationality, making it illegal for Chinese laborers to immigrate to the United States and limiting the Chinese population in the United States for over 60 years; (4) major court decisions such as the decisions in Lum v. Rice, 275 U.S. 78 (1927), and People v. Hall, 4 Cal. 399 (1854), found ‘‘yellow’’ races to be equal to African Americans with regard to ‘‘separate but equal’’ school facilities, and prohibited Chinese Americans, along with ‘‘Black, mulatto, or Indian’’ persons, from testifying against White men; (5) Chinese Americans were harassed, beaten, and murdered because of their ethnicity, including the Chinese Massacre of 1871, where 17 Chinese immigrants in Los Angeles, California, were tortured and murdered, the Rock Springs Massacre of 1885 where White rioters killed 28 Chinese miners and burned 75 of their homes in Rock Springs, Wyoming, and the Hells Canyon Massacre of 1887 where 34 Chinese gold miners were ambushed and murdered in Hells Canyon, Oregon; (6) there were only 78,000 Chinese Americans living on the United States mainland, with 29,000 living in Hawaii, at the start of World War II as result of Federal and State legislation and judicial decisions; (7) despite the antiChinese discrimination at the time, as many as 20,000 Chinese Americans served in the Armed Forces during World War II, of whom, approximately 40 percent were not United States citizens due to the laws that denied citizenship to persons of Chinese descent; (8) Chinese Americans, although small in numbers, made important contributions to the World War II effort; (9) of the total Chinese Americans serving, approximately 25 percent served in the United States Army Air Force, with some sent to the ChinaBurmaIndia Theater with the 14th Air Service Group; (10) the remainder of Chinese Americans who served in World War II served in all branches of the Armed Forces in all 4 theaters of war; (11) the first all ChineseAmerican group was the 14th Air Service Group in the China BurmaIndia Theater which enabled extensive and effective operations against the Japanese military in China; (12) Chinese Americans are widely acknowledged for their role in the 14th Air Force, widely known as the Flying Tigers; (13) Chinese Americans assigned to the ChinaBurmaIndia Theater made transoceanic journeys through hostile territories and were subject to enemy attack while at sea and in the air; (14) in the Pacific Theater, Chinese Americans were in ground, air, and ocean combat and support roles throughout the Pacific including New Guinea, Guadalcanal, Solomon Islands, Iwo Jima, Okinawa, Philippines, Mariana Islands, and Aleutian Islands; (15) throughout the Pacific and China BurmaIndia theaters, Chinese Americans performed vital functions in translating, coordinating Nationalist Chinese and United States combat operations, servicing and repairing aircraft and armaments, training Nationalist Chinese troops and sailors, delivering medical care, providing signal and communication support, gathering and analyzing intelligence, participating in ground and air combat, and securing and delivering supplies; (16) Chinese Americans also served in combat and support roles in the European and African theaters, serving in North Africa, Sicily, Italy, the Normandy D–Day invasion, which liberated Western Europe, and the Battle of the Bulge, occupying Western Germany while helping to liberate Central Europe; (17) Chinese Americans flew bomber missions, served in infantry units and combat ships in the Battle of the Atlantic, including aboard Merchant Marines convoys vulnerable to submarine and air attacks; (18) many ChineseAmerican women served in the Women’s Army Corps, the Army Air Forces, and the United States Naval Reserve Women’s Reserve, and some became pilots, air traffic controllers, flight trainers, weather forecasters, occupational therapists, and nurses; (19) Captain Francis B. Wai is the only Chinese American who served in World War II to have been awarded the Medal of Honor, the highest military award given by the United States (20) Chinese Americans also earned Combat Infantry Badges, Purple Hearts, Bronze Stars, Silver Stars, Distinguished Service Cross, and Distinguished Flying Cross; (21) units of the Armed Forces with Chinese Americans were also awarded unit citations for valor and bravery; (22) the United States remains forever indebted to the bravery, valor, and dedication that the ChineseAmerican Veterans of World War II displayed; and (23) the commitment and sacrifice of Chinese Americans demonstrates a highly uncommon and commendable sense of patriotism and honor in the face of discrimination. SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— (1) the term ‘‘ChineseAmerican Veterans of World II’’ includes individuals of Chinese ancestry who served— (A) honorably at any time during the period December 7, 1941, and ending December 31, 1946; and (B) in an active duty status under the command of the Armed Forces; and (2) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Treasury. 
(a) A WARD AUTHORIZED .—The President Pro Tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives shall make appropriate arrangements for the award, on behalf of Congress, of a single gold medal of appropriate design to the ChineseAmerican Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II. (b) DESIGN AND STRIKING .—For the purposes of the award referred to in subsection (a), the Secretary shall strike the gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions to be determined by the Secretary. (c) SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Following the award of the gold medal in honor of the Chinese American Veterans of World War II, the gold medal shall be given to the Smithsonian Institution, where it shall be available for display as appropriate and made available for research. (2) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Smithsonian Institution should make the gold medal received under paragraph (1) available for display elsewhere, particularly at other locations associated with the ChineseAmerican Veterans of World II or with World War II. 
(d) D UPLICATE MEDALS .—Under regulations that the Secretary may promulgate, the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck under this Act, at a price sufficient to cover the cost of the medals, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and overhead expenses. 
(a) N ATIONAL MEDAL .—The gold medal struck under this Act shall be a national medal for the purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, Unites States Code. (b) NUMISMATIC ITEMS .—For purpose of section 5134 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
USS INDIANAPOLIS CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL ACT Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Financial Services be discharged from further consideration of the bill (S. 2101) to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the crew of the USS Indianapolis, in recognition of their perseverance, bravery, and service to the United States, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2101 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘USS Indianapolis Congressional Gold Medal Act’’. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The Portlandclass heavy cruiser USS Indianapolis received 10 battle stars between February 1942 and April 1945 while participating in major battles of World War II from the Aleutian Islands to Okinawa. (2) The USS Indianapolis, commanded by Captain Charles Butler McVay III, carried 1,195 personnel when it set sail for the island of Tinian on July 16, 1945, to deliver components of the atomic bomb ‘‘Little Boy’’. The USS Indianapolis set a speed record during the portion of the trip from California to Pearl Harbor and successfully delivered the cargo on July 26, 1945. The USS Indianapolis then traveled to Guam and received further orders to join Task Group 95.7 in the Leyte Gulf in the Philippines for training. During the length of the trip, the USS Indianapolis went unescorted. (3) On July 30, 1945, minutes after midnight, the USS Indianapolis was hit by 2 torpedoes fired by the I–58, a Japanese submarine. The resulting explosions severed the bow of the ship, sinking the ship in about 12 minutes. Of 1,195 personnel, about 900 made it into the water. While a few life rafts were deployed, most men were stranded in the water with only a kapok life jacket. (4) At 10:25 a.m. on August 2, 1945, 4 days after the sinking of the USS Indianapolis, Lieutenant Wilbur Gwinn was piloting a PV– 1 Ventura bomber and accidentally noticed men in the water who were later determined to be survivors of the sinking of the USS Indianapolis. Lieutenant Gwinn alerted a PBY aircraft, under the command of Lieutenant Adrian Marks, about the disaster. Lieutenant Marks made a dangerous opensea landing to begin rescuing the men before any surface vessels arrived. The USS Cecil J. Doyle was the first surface ship to arrive on the scene and took considerable risk in using a searchlight as a beacon, which gave hope to survivors in the water and encouraged them to make it through another night. The rescue mission continued well into August 3, 1945, and was wellcoordinated and responsive once launched. The individuals who participated in the rescue mission conducted a thorough search, saved lives, and undertook the difficult job of identifying the remains of, and providing a proper burial for, those individuals who had died. (5) Only 316 men survived the ordeal and the survivors had to deal with severe burns, exposure to the elements, extreme dehydration, and shark attacks. (6) During World War II, the USS Indianapolis frequently served as the flagship for the commander of the Fifth Fleet, Admiral Raymond Spruance, survived a bomb released during a kamikaze attack (which badly damaged the ship and killed 9 members of the crew), earned a total of 10 battle stars, and accomplished a top secret mission that was critical to ending the war. The sacrifice, perseverance, and bravery of the crew of the USS Indianapolis should never be forgotten. SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL. 
(a) A WARD AUTHORIZED .—The Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate shall make appropriate arrangements for the award, on behalf of Congress, of a single gold medal of appropriate design to the crew of the USS Indianapolis, in recognition of their perseverance, bravery, and service to the United States. (b) DESIGN AND STRIKING .—For the purposes of the award referred to in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall strike the gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions, to be determined by the Secretary. (c) INDIANA WARMEMORIAL MUSEUM .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Following the award of the gold medal referred to in subsection (a), the gold medal shall be given to the Indiana War Memorial Museum in Indianapolis, Indiana, where it will be displayed as appropriate and made available for research. (2) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Indiana War Memorial Museum should make the gold medal received under this Act available for display elsewhere, particularly at other locations and events associated with the USS Indianapolis. 
Under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe, the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck under section 3, at a price sufficient to cover the costs of the medals, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and overhead expenses. 
(a) N ATIONAL MEDALS .—Medals struck under this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. (b) NUMISMATIC ITEMS .—For purposes of sections 5134 and 5136 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10:30 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. f 
HONORING CONGRESSWOMAN ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN (Mr. DIAZBALART asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DIAZBALART. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mention a few words in honor of my dear friend and colleague ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN , the first Hispanic woman elected to the Florida House in 1982, the Florida Senate in 1986, and to this body in 1989. It has been a privilege working with her on issues that are important to our south Florida community and to our country, as well as on foreign policy issues, Mr. Speaker, where she fought on behalf of those struggling for democracy around the planet in places such as Communist China, North Korea, Iran, Venezuela, Nicaragua, and Cuba. She worked to combat antiSemitism and protect the rights of Holocaust victims, while ensuring that those complicit were held accountable. I will miss her exuberant presence in this Chamber. There will never be another Member to serve with her joyful dedication, wit, and contagious enthusiasm. Chairwoman Emeritus ILEANA ROS LEHTINEN and her husband, Dexter, have served our community and our country with honor and distinction. While we will miss her here in Congress, I am blessed to know that I will still always be able to rely on her counsel, her support, her love, and her friendship. (English translation of the statement made in Spanish is as follows:) 
My legislative sister, lleana RosLehtinen, thank you for everything that you have done for our community, for our country, and for our cause, lleana, we love you. Mi hermana legislativa, lleana Ros Lehtinen, gracias por todo que has hecho por nuestra comunidad, por nuestro pais, y por nuestra causa. lleana, te queremos. f 
HONORING RUDY D’AMICO AND CABVI (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my longtime dear friend Rudy D’Amico, who will be retiring next year as the president and CEO of the Central Association for the Blind and Visually Impaired, also known as CABVI. Rudy and his team at CABVI have touched the lives of so many. Their resources and services have improved the 
quality of life for so many in our region, including my father, who spent the last 7 years of his life legally blind and confined to a wheelchair. CABVI and their compassionate staff enabled him to continue to serve as a fulltime member of the New York State Supreme Court, despite his disabilities. Rudy, a veteran of the New York Army National Guard, began his tenure with CABVI in 2003 as vice president of operations before moving up to president and CEO in May of 2008. He has overseen significant expansion and growth at CABVI, including expanding employment services into Onondaga County, the addition of more than 100 employees, and opening four base supply centers in Northeastern States. Along with this work at CABVI, Rudy has also remained deeply involved in our community. He has served on the board of directors for the National Association for the Employment of People Who Are Blind, the New York Vision Rehabilitation Association, and the Community Foundation of and Oneida Counties. To my dear friend Rudy D’Amico, thank you for your many years of service. From a grateful community, we wish you the best of luck in your retirement. Please sharpen up your golf game. 
b1630 HONORING THE CALIFORNIA DELEGATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MCHENRY ). 
Mr. M CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding. Mr. Speaker, this is the first time, as a Member, I have given a speech like this. I have to say, in this body, Members understand that an essential ingredient for a successful Member of Congress and for this institution to function is our staff. With good, talented staff, Members can be successful, the legislative process can work, and we can serve our country. We have many faithful public servants here in the House of Representatives, and I rise today to recognize one of them. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize my chief of staff of 12 years, Parker Hamilton Poling. She has served this House of Representatives in many different capacities, but for the last 12 years, she has been my personal office chief and my leadership office chief. She sits behind me today, and she is easily embarrassed. But if she looks at the gallery, her husband, Todd, and her two beautiful daughters, Barrett and Eliza, are here to recognize her service and the hard work she has put in for this country. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because my chief of staff, Parker, has been an essential ingredient to my success as a Member of Congress, to serving the people of North Carolina’s 10th District as a Member of Congress, to being a successful member of the House Financial Services Committee. She has been an essential ingredient for House Republicans on getting the key votes over the last 41⁄2years for our agenda. She has worked tirelessly to count the votes on the House floor to get our agenda passed. She has worked tirelessly to build relationships with other chiefs of staff and Members, as well as other staff, to further this operation in the House of Representatives. Eight years ago, Parker got a group of female chiefs of staff, Republican chiefs of staff, who were mothers together and said: We need to actually have an organization so we help each other and coach each other along the way through mentoring. She has developed that into a very solid group that exchanges information and helps each other. What I want to say here on the House floor and publicly is that my success in the last 12 years is as a direct result of Parker’s work. I met her 22 years ago through an organization called College Republicans. We both cut our teeth in the rough and tumble of that political operation. I was a student at NC State, and she was a student at Brown University. She grew up in upstate New York and took this sort of different background and perspective, and I realized her ingenuity, her creativity, her strength, and her passion for the cause. And I learned so much from her. Then, 10 years after that, as a Member of Congress, I invited her in, between her law school classes. She thought I was trying to ask for free legal advice. She had, with coaching from her husband, a really set answer on how she could not, because she had not passed the bar yet, give me legal advice, much less free legal advice. She came in, sat down. She put her book bag down, wearing a pair of jeans. I said: Well, I would like to hire you as my chief of staff. And she says: I didn’t interview for it, and I am not sure I want it. After she had a conversation with her husband, and some, you know, negotiation, she became my chief of staff, and my world as a Member of Congress changed much for the better. But I am not the only one that Parker has had an impact on as a Member of Congress. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California, KEVIN MCCARTHY , our Republican leader, our majority leader. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I want to agree with my friend that all the success that he has is because of Parker. I say that kind of jokingly but seriously as well. I am pleased to be here to take a moment to recognize Parker Poling, the chief of staff to my dear friend PATRICK  MCHENRY . PATRICK is the deputy whip. Many of you know, being a part of Congress, you have to make tough decisions; you have to get the votes to pass any bills; and you have to make things happen. Really, the staff that is around you says a lot about you. I could think of no finer staff member in all this service than Parker. What I admire most about Parker: There were times when PATRICK and STEVE and I would be together, and we would come up with a really good idea. We thought it was brilliant. We would go back to our offices, and soon I would get a text or a call from PATRICK , who would say: That is a dumb idea. I would say: Why do you think it is a dumb idea? Because Parker told me so. But that was what Parker would do. She understood the Members. She understood the policy. But she understood, really, what we had to have happen. History is going to be very kind to this Congress, what we have been able to achieve: the lowest unemployment in more than 50 years; being able to pass the tax bill when people on the other side, even though they had come to us personally and said they wanted to vote for it, but the leadership would not let them, so that meant it was resting on one side. The person who put the work together, the majority of that, was Parker. Yes, she would explain the bill, but she was tough at the same time. There were many times she told me no, and I understood why. But there is more to Parker than just all that knowledge in legal. One of the reasons why I am not sad is because she is not going far. She has a new job, and I want her to be as successful in the new job as she was in this job. But Parker is more than just a great mind. She is also a wife to Todd and a mother to Barrett and Eliza. I think they are with us today, are they not? We thank them for sharing their wife and mother with us. It has meant a great deal. From a very grateful Nation, we want to say thank you. To Parker, we want to wish her well in her new work. We want her to be successful, because her success means our success. If I go on her past behavior, I am looking forward to a very bright future. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the leader. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HUDSON ). Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to be recognized and to be here today to honor my dear friend, Parker Poling, as she leaves Congressman PATRICK MCHENRY ’s leadership office to take over as executive director 
of the National Republican Congressional Committee. Parker has been a friend, a mentor, and a counselor to me and countless others over the years, none more significantly than PATRICK MCHENRY . It has been a real pleasure to watch him evolve and develop as a legislator under her very good tutelage. We met when we were both chiefs of staff, me coming to Washington out of North Carolina, and Parker starting out as chief of staff for one of my best friends, PATRICK MCHENRY . Parker is intelligent; she is poised; she is wise beyond her years; and she is a heck of a great person. She is just a pleasure to spend time with. She has helped me more times than I can count over the years, including when I decided to run for Congress myself. She is as well respected as anyone on Capitol Hill, and I couldn’t be more proud of her as she moves on to her new role. I do feel badly for my friends across the aisle, though, because Parker will now be steering the ship for House Republicans for the next 2 years, so you had better look out. Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking Parker Poling for her years of service to the House of Representatives and the people of this country, and in wishing her, Todd, Barrett, and Eliza well in their future endeavors. Thank you, and God bless you. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MCHENRY ). Mr. MCHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, and I thank KEVIN and R ICHARDfor their kind comments regarding the counsel they have received from Parker and the relationship they have with her. Now, Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Parker’s favorite Member of Congress, notwithstanding that that includes the majority leader and my friend, Mr. HUDSON , and I on that list. We may be friends with Parker, and she may like and respect us, but her favorite Member of Congress is BRUCE  POLIQUIN from Maine. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ). Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I must tell everybody who is listening today that there is a reason that I am Parker’s favorite Member of Congress: Because I have earned that respect and that right. With that said, I am delighted to speak up about Parker Poling. I notice that her two wonderful daughters, Eliza and Barrett, are up here in the gallery, along with her handsome husband, Todd. This is a very special day for Parker, her family, and for this Chamber. There were and are a number of us, Mr. Speaker, who come to the House from different backgrounds. We come here to do what is right and to help our country and, in my case, to help my great State of Maine and my constituents. This is a big place. Washington is a confusing place. Many people call Washington a mess. At times, I would agree with that. Most of the time, I would agree with that. But when you have an opportunity to find someone who is smart, tough, fair, gracious, patient, and listens to new Members, you gravitate toward that person. That is Parker Poling. I met Parker, actually, before I was elected to Congress in 2014 and immediately took to her, like so many folks have before. Over the years, when there were tough decisions to be made in the parliamentary process here, which is very foreign to businesspeople like myself, there is only one person I would go to. And God bless Mr. MCHENRY , but it was not him; it was Parker. Parker is the person I always call. And I will continue to call her as time goes forward because I know I will get very sound advice from someone who is incredibly knowledgeable and incredibly passionate. Parker Poling is a strong American woman. I am sure she is a tremendous role model, not only to her two wonderful young ladies, young children, young girls, but also to countless other American women across this land. We have more freedom in this country; we have more opportunities; we have a stronger economy; we have a better education system that is closer to home because of the good counsel that Parker Poling has given to many of us. We are blessed to have Parker with us. I am blessed to have known Parker and will continue to enjoy the time that we spend together on behalf of the American people. Mr. Speaker, I could talk about Parker Poling all evening. God bless. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MCHENRY ). Mr. MCHENRY. Mr. Speaker, if I may close. I want to thank Congressmen POLIQUIN and H UDSON , and the majority leader, Mr. MCCARTHY , for their kind comments. I just want to close with that. Parker grew up in upstate New York but has done a fantastic job for the last 12 years working for the people of North Carolina’s 10th District. She is a New Yorker but gets the South. She is a Republican who has friends across the aisle. She is a Republican through and through and committed to our party, our ideology, and the work that we are trying to achieve. While she could be a partisan in her role here counting votes for Republicans, she never lost sight of those relationships across the aisle that could make this place work. While I will miss her counsel on a daily basis, while I will miss her words of encouragement and also the tough words when you need them, when Members need them—and I have certainly needed them over the last decade—I am grateful for her service. I am grateful for what she has done for this institution, for me, and for the countless staff that she has mentored along the way. I wish her well. I say to her two daughters watching that they have a fantastic example in their mother. While she may be tough with us at work, I know she cares about them and loves them dearly. The life that Parker and Todd have built together is a great example of a loving family, while also both being professionals who have quite challenging careers. Mr. Speaker, I thank the indulgence of my colleagues and the kind comments for Parker, and I encourage folks to wish her well in her new endeavors. b1645 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will suspend. Members are reminded not to recognize people in the gallery unless they are family and friends of very capable staff on a day like today. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ) to continue. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight, along with my California delegation colleagues, to express our thanks and appreciation for those Members who are departing the House at the end of the session. Collectively, these Californians have served for decades here in the House of Representatives. During that time, they have made many contributions that have benefitted their districts, our State, and certainly this country. I am proud to join them on the House floor this evening and pay tribute to their dedication to this institution. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the majority leader. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be here tonight with my colleagues from California and recognize our friends who this Congress for some may be their last, others may be coming back. I recognize Congressman JEFF DENHAM , Congressman D ARRELL ISSA, Congressman STEVE KNIGHT , Congressman DANAROHRABACHER , Congressman ED ROYCE , Congressman D AVID VALADAO , and Congresswoman M IMI WALTERS . What makes this delegation unique is our bond with each other. In a State with 53 members, a class of 14 gets pretty tight pretty quick. But it isn’t simply a matter of proximity that strengthens our ties. You see, it is our bond and belief in our Nation to be a more perfect union, to strive to continue to improve. Being from California does not mean it is easy to get to Washington. But I will tell you every single week I would see the same faces getting on that plane going home because they understood who they represented. They understood who they had to listen to. 
They also understood who they fought for. But they would get on that plane again and fly back the 8 or 9 hours to be the voice of those that they listen to. It is amazing—the accomplishments. You know, for people who walk around this building, at times they will see these paintings of members of the past, and, I will admit, portraits last a long time, but a legacy of change lasts much longer. It is like compound interest or a snowball rolling down a hill. When I think about the legacy of change of my colleagues, it is tremendous. When I think about from Transportation and Infrastructure to Veterans’ Affairs, what a better way of life they have today because JEFF DENHAM  served in this body. I think of Oversight and Government Reform, the battles and the fearlessness of DARRELL ISSA. When I think of the new programs for veterans getting service after hours, it wasn’t because a bill passed. It was because a man fought, STEVE KNIGHT , because he was a veteran and the work that he has done that will continue to live. Or the decades that DANAhas served, from every aspect in Science, Space, and Technology to beyond, that his voice transferred and made a difference. EDROYCE , when it comes to foreign policy and what has been accomplished in this Congress, his name was on the title of many of those bills, even when he allowed someone else to run it. And when I look to California, and the statement out there is: ‘‘Whiskey’s for drinking. Water’s for fightin’’, it is one of the most difficult issues. This entire body got together strong to make a difference that hadn’t been done in a quarter century. And the person really behind it was DAVID VALADAO . He is kind of that quiet leader that made a major difference, that he would continue to make things happen. And it is a unique—but everybody serves a little different. My friend, JEFFDENHAM , has a voice as strong as his passion, that he can be heard without a mic because of what he wanted to fight for. But when I look to someone who I consider like my sister, MIMIWALTERS , she was the one female in our group, but I think we would all admit, she was tougher than any one of us. To serve on Energy and Commerce, when you think of California, and the forefront of the world of the technology of what we have in our State, it continues to lead because of MIMI’s voice. But they all had something very unique, and we have been friends for a long time. They put this country first, and they were willing to sacrifice. Some of us know more of the sacrifice they made than others. But I want to say: Thank you. I want to say: Thank you for your service. But I also want to say: Thank you for the fight. You were willing to go beyond. Yes, your family missed you some days, but you were doing it for a bigger cause. You were putting people before yourself. I know history is going be kind. But history is going to be kind because the Nation is better off that you were willing to take that risk. And I want to thank you for your friendship. One thing about family, you might not be here every day, but we will always be together and friends. From a very sincere heart, thank you. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ), the Dean of the California delegation. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues in singing the praise of our staff. But let me just note—and, of course, I have had great staff as well, Rick Dykema and Kathleen Staunton, who have been with me the entire 30 years that I have been a Member of this body. But staff, as well as the Members, we quite often take for granted what does really enable us to conduct ourselves in this way. It is very easy to overlook. The American people overlook it. We all overlook this. And, that is, we take for granted the safety and security that we operate in. No matter how good our staff is, no matter how great we are, if we were not safe, we could not be conducting this business of our democratic country. Let us note that Officers Jacob Chestnut and Detective John Gibson were two law enforcement officers who gave their lives while I have been here in order to secure the safety we need to do the public business. So as I leave this body, I would like to make sure they know—I am sure they are listening from above and maybe their families will hear—that there are Members who are grateful to the sacrifice that they made. They gave their lives to keep a terrorist out of this building that would have done damage or murdered Members. So with that said, I have been here 30 years. I am overwhelmed with gratitude toward the voters who sent me here and to God that gave me the opportunity to live life that permitted the voters to elect me as their representative in Washington. I spent 7
1⁄2years in the Reagan White House with President Reagan, and after that, from 1981 to 1988, I came directly into combat—political combat of running for the House and was elected in 1988, and I have served here since 1989. It has been one of the most wonderful, glorious times. It is the best life I could ever, ever have imagined. And I know a lot of people, they gripe about the hours and sometimes some of the friction that happens among debates over important issues, but I am so grateful to have this chance. And, again, there are so many people who are serving their country who are not anywhere nearer to having the wondrous life that we have. My father was a lieutenant colonel in the Marine Corps. He joined up after Pearl Harbor to protect our country. Again, a lot of people, when they see this happening, they don’t quite understand. This is what was given to us. There is sacrifice behind us. There is sacrifice in the air of all these people who sacrificed over our country’s history, and especially my father’s generation, the great generation that gave us this freedom that is all around us that you can feel it. Thank God that I had a personal chance to participate in this wondrous, wondrous gift that, yes, God, our Founding Fathers, and, yes, our parents, in the greatest generation, gave us, and the other people who now are overseas to this very day defending our right to conduct ourselves this way. So what a wonderful life I have had in these 30 years. I have had a chance to participate and help shape America’s space program, and I have helped bring in commercial space so that we have private investment to keep our space program operating at the high levels it should be, actually leading mankind into space. I was able to also work with the Democrats—and don’t let people think that there isn’t cooperation here, because there is. Working on the space program I worked with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. And on the issue of cannabis, which I consider to be an important issue today, because people are finally beginning to realize that the idea of expending enormous resources and our time with our jails and our own security in terms of police, locally and nationally and at the State level, what a waste of those resources aimed at trying to prevent an adult from consuming a weed. And at least I have been able to work then—and also we now find that there are medical reasons that cannabis should be legal. And I have worked with Members on the other side of aisle to achieve a certain degree of progress in that area. So with that said, let me just note that as people talk about the lack of civility that we have now, there has always been fighting in a free society. People have different ideas, and they are struggling, but whenever we get tough in this body, whenever things would get tense and people would be fighting on an issue and coming to grips with these differences that free people can have, I would always look up. I always say: ‘‘The answer is looking up.’’ And if you look up in this wonderful room that we do our business in here, what do you see? You see an American Eagle and you see the slogan of our country, ‘‘e pluribus unum,’’ which means all of us—we may be different, we may have different ideas, different races, different religions, different backgrounds, but we are one people and that freedom of the one people comes together here on this floor, and I have 
been so proud to be a part of that great debate to direct the future of this country. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ). Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for scheduling this time for all of us to address each other, as well as address our country. I rise to express my gratitude to the men and women of California’s 10th Congressional District for allowing me the honor of serving them and representing them here in our Nation’s Capitol for the last 8 years. Together, we were able to accomplish incredible things for the Central Valley. The recent passage of the farm bill ensures greater prioritization of the Central Valley and will help our farmers, our farmland to keep the valley productive for future generations. The bill includes my VET–2–FARMS Act; crop insurance, dairy, and specialty crop protections; and several key animal welfare provisions. We also advanced the debate on immigration reform. I am proud to have stood with my friend, PETEAGUILAR , as we fought to protect our Nation’s Dreamers and secure our borders in a bipartisan manner. My Veteran Skills to Jobs Act, which passed in 2012, has helped many veterans find employment using the skills that they learned while serving their country. There is no greater way to show respect to our men and women in uniform than allowing them to use the credentials and the service and the expertise that they had on Active Duty to gain gainful employment once they depart service. We passed the Civilian Property Realignment Act, which allows us to sell off the properties we don’t need so we can reduce our debt, including the first property, which was the Trump hotel, the old post office. The Passenger Railway Authorization bill, which forced Amtrak to run more like a business, actually having pets on trains for the first time, which allows them to create a new profit center. The Sandy Recovery Act, which allowed us to not only serve in FEMA reform, but actually allowed us to build smart policies across the entire country so that we are building stronger communities resistant to some of these natural disasters. b1700 Additionally, in our own area, I am proud to have secured the funding and authorization for the French Camp veterans healthcare facility, which will start construction early next year. We made real progress on the issue of human trafficking as well. In our community, we have fought to make sure that we were working with all levels of law enforcement, utilizing the best techniques to stop the human trafficking, which has much larger impacts even in California. But to have Uber as a partner, now for the first time, the 10th Congressional District has the technology available to align our law enforcement with the victims that could be stuck in harm’s way in an Uber or some other type of transportation. Through my work on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, we secured big wins for the 10th District: two different highways, $29 million in TIGER grants and BUILD grants for local roadways to improve safety and ease congestion. Last but certainly not least, for years now, for decades, we have talked about water. It is the lifeblood of the Central Valley. If you shut off our water, you shut off our farms, you shut off our economy. We made big strides, securing funding, making sure that, with the WIIN Act, we also passed the New WATER Act, allowing for the first time to have an infrastructure bank so we can borrow money with a guaranteed payback to build new water storage and new reservoirs. You want green energy? Hydro is the greenest, most renewable energy that we have. This is our opportunity to build Shasta with the $20 million upfront, and the new grant for $450 million for Sites Reservoir. We need four to five million new acre feet of water. We have the ability now to move that forward. So some great progress as we move forward on Los Vaqueros, Shasta Dam, Temperance Flat, and many of our irrigation districts that are looking to expand, create green hydro energy, new recreation, new water, and the future of the valley as well. It has been my greatest honor to bring these achievements home for the valley. Thank you, again, to my constituents and to all of my colleagues, especially in the California delegation. We have come together on many different issues to fight for our State. It has been a big honor. Let me end with saying this: I started my public service career wearing the cloth of this great Nation, and I have been blessed, once again, to serve this country in a new capacity. There is no greater honor than being able to serve this body and fight for and represent the American Dream that we have in our communities, and it is with great respect and honor that I move into the next chapter of my life. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. VALADAO ). Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, my friend from California, for the opportunity to have this time. Representing the Central Valley in Congress has been an honor of a lifetime. There are truly no words to express how grateful I am to my supporters, neighbors, and all those who make the Central Valley such an amazing place. If you would have told me or my parents 10 years ago that I would be here standing on the House floor, none of us would have believed you. I have so many people to thank. First off, most importantly, my wife, Terra, she has been an amazing supporter and, from the day I met her, she has always just found ways to make my life better and make me a better person. My children—Conner, who is 16; Madeline, who is 12; and Lucas, who is 8— have weathered the storm and been a part of this life for the last 8 years, 2 years in the State Legislature and 6 years here, traveling back and forth, many times away from home, not able to attend soccer games. So it has been tough on them, and I think they are looking forward to things being a little bit better with me having the opportunity to be there for them more than I have had the opportunity in the past. I am grateful for that. I am also grateful for my team, the staff in my office, back home in Hanford and Bakersfield, and especially here in Washington, D.C. I have had an amazing team around me that has helped me be successful here in Washington and at home, and I am very proud to have had them as part of my team. Interns throughout the years, that is something that a lot of folks don’t pay attention to, but those are all people who, even today, I still see them walking around the halls of Congress and sometimes around the valley, working in different industries and taking their careers to new levels and new heights. To know that I played a small role in their lives is something that I take a lot of pride in. My fellow Members, the California delegation, others outside of the delegation, I have made a lot of friends here, people that I didn’t know before, I had only seen on TV in the past and have now become good friends, trusted, good friends, and people that I trust with so much of my life today. I am so proud to have had that opportunity. While I am sad to be leaving, we can take pride in knowing that we brought about real, tangible change. We have reduced taxes for the middle class, made huge strides in our battle for water, reformed the dairy industry for thousands of California farmers, improved access for healthcare to families throughout the valley, and given our troops the support they deserve. I am proud of all the work that we have done. I wouldn’t change a second of it. I just had a great opportunity. So the Central Valley has always been and will always be my home, and I am beyond grateful for the opportunity to have served in this place, representing them. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ). Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight for the final time as a Member of Congress to say thank yous. Thank you to California’s 45th Congressional District for the faith and 
trust you have placed in me to represent you and your families in the people’s House. I first entered this Chamber three decades ago as a young intern for Representative Bill Thomas. I remember well the sense of wonder I felt and the goose bumps on my arm. You would think that those youthful emotions would fade once I became a Member myself, but they did not. When I exit for the final time, I will still be in awe of the wonders of those hallowed halls, and I will still have goose bumps. It has been the honor of a lifetime to represent my home of Orange County and the communities of Tustin, North Tustin, Orange, Irvine, Mission Viejo, Laguna Woods, Laguna Hills, Rancho Santa Margarita, Lake Forest, Anaheim Hills, Villa Park, and Coto de Caza. Every step of the way during this journey of service, I have been flanked by my husband, David, and my four children: Kate, Caroline, DJ, and Tristan. They have been my rock, my reality check, my most clever social media commenters, and the loves of my life. I thank God each and every day that He has blessed me with them. To my staff, both in Washington and Orange County, thank you for making me and every Member of Congress better at our jobs. You are the unsung heroes of government. Together, we have accomplished a lot: the historic Sexual Assault Survivors’ Bill of Rights, major tax and regulatory reform, and landmark opioid legislation. And we helped advance the conversation on paid family leave. My staff helped me stay true to the promises I made to my constituents, and I can’t thank them enough for that. I am blessed to have grown up and live in Orange County, and those of us privileged to serve our community in Congress can only hope to have left it in better shape than we have found it. One small bit of advice I will impart to all those who succeed me in this office, and that is: Bring your brain to Washington, but leave your heart in Orange County. The people of the 45th District will teach you a lot, and I am wiser from their tutelage. The House of Representatives can be a loud and hectic place sometimes, but that is why we love it. Keep your eye on the ball and remain faithful to the institution. As thenCongressman Abraham Lincoln of Illinois told this very House when it was facing turbulent times: ‘‘Determine that the thing can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way.’’ My home State of California and our Nation are fortunate to have such a dedicated group of citizen legislators working to make both a better place. I thank them for their guidance and their support over the years. While we didn’t always agree, I seldom have come across a colleague who I didn’t think had his or her constituents’ best interests at heart or cared deeply about our country. Now, as I close this chapter of my life and leave the people’s House for the final time, I remain as confident as ever in the future of the House and the Union. I remain forever in debt to the people of Orange County and the 45th District for bestowing upon me the honor to serve. May God bless America and the Golden State of California. I will see y’all back home soon. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, for those of us who have had the honor and privilege of working with our departing colleagues in the California Republican Congressional delegation, this is a very sad day. For us, yes, we are losing friends and colleagues whose good judgment we have often relied upon and whose friendship we will always treasure. But far more importantly, it is a sad day for our State and our Nation, for they are losing the service of experienced leaders dedicated to restoring freedom as the cornerstone of our public policy. DAVID VALADAO and J EFF DENHAM  ably represented communities in the Central Valley of California, in highly competitive districts where Republican voters have always been a distinct minority. And yet, their sincere engagement with their constituencies and their pragmatic approach to their local challenges and problems saw them elected and reelected in the House. When we served together in the State Senate, JEFFDENHAM refused to vote for an irresponsible State budget. Public employee unions tried to recall him for it, but the voters stood by him. No one doubts that, but for the hyperpartisan tone of these unique times, they would have both been handily reelected. I first met EDROYCE 37 years ago when we served together in the California Legislature. When he was already a recognized leader in the State Senate, one Saturday afternoon, I found him, to my stunned surprise, wearing an apron and working behind the counter at a coffeehouse he had just acquired. That work ethic, combined with his quiet and unassuming nature and keen ability to cut through rhetoric to reach bedrock reality, has made him one of the most effective Members of the House and someone I greatly admire. I met DANAROHRABACHER a few years later when he first ran for Congress in 1988. It has been said that if you look up Orange County in the dictionary, you will find his picture. For three decades, he has been an icon in Southern California, representing the conservative ideals, the libertarian leanings, and the casual lifestyle that define the big OC of that era, an era that now closes with his departure from Congress. In 1993, I met DARRELL ISSAwhen he became a driving force on the board of directors at the Claremont Institute, a think tank devoted to putting American founding principles back into the public policy debate. That same driving belief in freedom and free markets had already made him a titan of industry and would soon make him an effective and tireless advocate for these principles in Congress. More recently, I have had the honor to serve with MIMIWALTERS and S TEVE  KNIGHT . I can tell you that when MIMIsets her mind on something, she is terrifying. She pursues her objectives with all of the subtlety and nuance of a heatseeking missile. Her constituents had an advocate who pulled out all the stops on their behalf, something I think they will come to appreciate in retrospect. I served with STEVE KNIGHT ’s dad in the State Senate and, at that time, represented the adjoining district. I have sat with STEVE every day on this floor during votes, and I can say with some authority that he is the full measure of his father and then some. Never have I known a colleague to agonize more in order to weigh his votes for the betterment of his community and his country. He is a man of quiet and firm principle, a voice that I predict his constituents will also come to sorely miss. You know, Churchill once observed that politics are just as interesting as war, and much more exciting, for in war, you can be shot dead only once, but in politics, many times. I have found that to be true over my political career, and it is from that fact that springs my hope that we will see all these heroes back in new and more influential roles in the years ahead. b1715 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for those remarks. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. CALVERT , for organizing this tonight. Indeed, it isn’t pleasant, because we are losing some great colleagues here. The people have spoken, it is their will in the election, and we all know that this is a fleeting time and opportunity to be here. It just really is a reality check when you have plans and you are going along, and an election happens, and all of a sudden those plans change for some of your colleagues or even yourself. Who knows? But indeed, it has been a great pleasure for me to serve several of my years here overlapping with DAVID VALADAO , EDROYCE , DANA ROHRABACHER , DARRELL ISSA, S TEVE KNIGHT , J EFF DENHAM , and M IMIWALTERS . It is a fleeting moment, but also one you will always remember. The friendships are the most important things. I am not going to list bills we have passed or this or that, because indeed what I take away are the friendships. Having come up in the legislature with MIMI, JEFF, STEVE , and D AVID, we 
came in together, we formed our early competitive political lives together in that crucible in Sacramento. I think when I think back on this, I am not going to remember a lot about the bills or a lot about that, and I don’t think any of us really will so much. It is the friendships. It is the relationships. And I count MIMI, JEFF, and D AVID as my closest friends in this place. So when you go around the hallways here and you see that the bronze plaques have been ripped off the offices there, indeed it is like having a part of it ripped off your heart, you know? But we soldier on, because the people have spoken. It is the will of the voters. I know I have been proud to always stand with them. Whether fighting for water, for agriculture, for fiscal responsibility, for the right direction for our Nation, I have always counted on these friends to help keep all of us moving on the right track, thinking about the right things. So indeed in these relationships, the fun that comes along with it, like with my friend ‘‘Cowadao.’’ And JEFFREY , who we always refer to each other as our full formal first names. And MIM I. We have had a lot of fun in this. And I think we have all fought hard in the trenches to advance not only our State at that level, but our country as well. We are all better off for it. I am better off for having known them. And it is not going to be as fun, it is not going to be as fulfilling to be around here without friends like that, but, again, it is the will of the voters. It is how things go. We will see each other in many other capacities as we move through this life together. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the invaluable contributions made by my California Republican delegation colleagues who are departing at the conclusion of this term. I consider these individuals more than colleagues. I consider them my friends, and I am deeply disappointed they will not be joining us in the next session of Congress. Every one of them has served in the House with distinction, making this institution better for having them a part of it. They have represented their constituents and our State well by understanding the unique challenges they faced and effectively fighting for solutions. The booming voice from JEFF DENHAM is as unmistakable as it is effective advocating for California’s Central Valley. He knows it is pretty difficult to farm without a reliable water supply, so he helped lead the charge for many sensible water policies that help our Nation’s fruit and vegetable farmers keep Americangrown produce on the dining room tables around the country. DARRELL ISSAmade a name for himself in the car alarm industry before he came to Congress, where he sounded the alarm on the executive branch misconduct. As a leader on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, DARRELL held our fellow agencies to account for their actions and was a staunch defender of American taxpayers. STEVE KNIGHT comes from a family well known for public service. STEVE  proudly carried on that tradition by serving in the Army for 8 years, then the Los Angeles Police Department for 18 years. STEVE then came to Congress, bringing his tremendous experience to the House Armed Services Committee, where he has made a big impact. The dean of the California Republican delegation, DANA ROHRABACHER , always brings a unique perspective to any conversation. Since his days in the Reagan White House, DANAhas been a constant voice for the defense of liberty and freedom. He has also been a gnarly champion for California’s legendary surfing community. EDROYCE and I were both members of the incoming freshman class of 1993. As a longtime member and now chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, EDhas served as an effective advocate for American interests and allies around the globe. I have seen firsthand how especially tireless he is in being a voice for the safety and liberty of people so desperate for someone to come to their aid. And to cap it off, ED’s tribute video featured Bono singing his praises. DAVID VALADAO is a Member of the House who truly understands what it means to be a champion for his district. DAVID has never been interested in partisan politics. He just wants to deliver results for the Central Valley of California. Working with DAVID to solve California’s water challenges and serving with him on the Appropriations Committee has been an absolute pleasure and honor. Anyone who spends any time with MIMIWALTERS knows that she is the toughest member of the California Republican delegation. I think you have heard that a number of times. When our delegation needs to get something done, you can always count on MIMIto be front and center in the fight. Her tenacity in advancing worthwhile policies will be sorely missed by our delegation, our conference, and the House. Time and time again, our California Republican delegation has come together to respond to the needs of our State, whether it was a serious drought, a disease threatening to wipe out our citrus farmers, horrific wildfires and the flooding and mudslides that follow them, there is no group of representatives I would rather lock arms with to fight for those solutions that our constituents need. Mr. Speaker, Teddy Roosevelt so brilliantly said, ‘‘It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena.’’ The departing members of the California delegation all leave with pride of knowing they served in the arena and spent themselves in a worthy cause. Again, I am grateful for their service and especially for their friendship. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Byrd, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment bills of the House of the following titles: 
H.R. 1872. An act to promote access for United States diplomats and other officials, journalists, and other citizens to Tibetan areas of the People’s Republic of China, and for other purposes. H.R. 3996. An act to amend title 28, United States Code, to permit other courts to transfer certain cases to United States Tax Court. H.R. 5759. An act to improve executive agency digital services, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 6964. An act to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed bills and a joint resolution of the following titles in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 1092. An act to protect the right of law abiding citizens to transport knives interstate, notwithstanding a patchwork of local and State prohibitions. S. 2961. An act to reauthorize subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990. S.J. Res. 64. Joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of the Treasury relating to ‘‘Returns by Exempt Organizations and Returns by Certain NonExempt Organizations’’. f 
AMERICAN JEWISH COMMITTEE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BUDD). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 30 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the leadership on both sides of the aisle for according us this time. It is an honor to have the privilege of standing here in the House of Representatives to present a resolution tonight, and I am grateful that the time has been allowed. Mr. Speaker, I am honored tonight to present this resolution, H. Res. 1166, honoring and praising the American Jewish Committee, known as AJC, on the occasion of its 112th anniversary. I am honored to say that this resolution has other persons who are sponsors: Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. M ENG, Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. MOORE , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. ROTHFUS . I am honored that 
these Members have cosigned, if you will, in that they are cosponsors of this resolution. I am honored to say to you, Mr. Speaker, that this organization, the American Jewish Committee, has been around now for 112 years in the business of protecting Jews and other minorities from antiSemitism, racism, bigotry, hatred, and human rights violations. When these things occur, you can count on the American Jewish Committee standing up, speaking out, and making their position known. The American Jewish Committee is currently fighting against the rising tide of hate and bigotry. And there is empirical, as well as anecdotal, evidence to support the fact that there is a rising tide. Per the FBI, there were 6,121 hate crimes in 2016; in 2017, 7,125 hate crimes. A rising tide. Three of five hate crimes target ethnicity or race; one of five will target religion. Hate crimes in this country are being addressed by the American Jewish Committee. 2,013 hate crimes against African Americans in 2017, 938 hate crimes against Jewish Americans. The American Jewish Committee is confronting hate and making a difference in the lives of people. This organization was founded November 11, 1906, in New York City by a group of Jews who wanted to raise awareness about the persecution and targeting of Jews in Russia. I might also add that this was around the time that the NAACP was founded. It was founded just some years later in 1909. And a good many members of the founding persons associated with the NAACP were Jewish people. The NAACP and the AJC have had a partnership, a friendship, a relationship for many, many years in this battle against hate and bigotry. The AJC supported the Civil Rights Act of 1964, supported the Voting Rights Act of 1965, supported the historic decision in the Supreme Court case of Brown versus Board of Education of Topeka. And I would add, not only did the AJC support it by filing various briefs and doing research, but also with money. Members supported this lawsuit with money. Thurgood Marshall was the lead counsel for the NAACP in Brown v. Board of Education, but there were other persons who were not of African ancestry associated with this litigation who helped to fund it. It was a costly piece of litigation, and I am proud to say that AJC was supportive of the NAACP in Brown versus Board of Education of Topeka. The AJC has been at the forefront of strengthening ties between Jews and Latinos. The AJC concerns itself with the human rights and human dignity of all people regardless of ethnicity. The AJC’s MuslimJewish Advisory Council is a group of some 50 persons, Muslims and Jews, who have as their aim protecting and expanding the rights of religious minorities in the United States of America. Those who will divide us along religious lines are confronted by the AJC, the American Jewish Committee. b1730 It has launched a global campaign encouraging people of conscience around the world to attend Jewish services, and especially this was made known after the attack at the Tree of Life congregation in Pittsburgh, where 11 worshippers were killed. I was fortunate enough to attend a Shabbat service in Houston, Texas, where our mayor, the Honorable Sylvester Turner, spoke and where we, persons of goodwill, had the opportunity to express our desire and our belief that we should combine our efforts to make sure that we developed a symbiotic relationship as we moved forward with this global campaign to encourage people of conscience to get to know persons of different religions so that we could have together what we could never accomplish apart. The AJC, in 2015, launched what is known as the Mayors United Against AntiSemitism campaign to build a nationwide coalition of elected officials committed to fighting antiSemitism, a nationwide coalition. I am proud to say that that continues to this day and that elected officials are responding to the clarion call to unite against bigotry, hatred, antiSemitism, homophobia, xenophobia, Islamophobia, sexism, and nativism. The AJC is there to fight for the rights of people to live in dignity with peace and harmony. The AJC is international in scope. It has 11 international offices, 22 in the United States, and 36 international Jewish community partnerships. In truth, it is international in scope. It is also an organization that has been there for the State of Israel. It is a steadfast supporter of Israel, becoming the first American Jewish organization to open an office in Israel, and an effective advocate for Israel’s security. The AJC has been and continues to be a strong partner for the State of Israel. I am proud to tell you that I have a friend, who at one time was the head of AJC. At the time, I was the head of the NAACP. I share this brief vignette because I think it is important to explain how things can really work and how people can work together. My friend, David Mincberg, as I indicated, was the head of AJC, and I had the good fortune to be a leader of the NAACP in Houston, Texas. We had a city council person, whose name I need not mention, who made a racial slur, said a very ugly thing, and David and I had the opportunity to bring our organizations together. Upon doing so, we concluded that we should talk to other persons of goodwill in the city so as to build a coalition to confront the council person who made the racial slur. With a strong coalition, the NAACP and the AJC were able to call for the resignation of this council person. These two organizations, taking the lead, were able to do something that, in my opinion, could not have been done but for the unity exhibited, and the coalition that was constructed could not have done it, and that was to have this city council person leave city council. This is the kind of strength that the AJC brings to issues associated with hate and bigotry. The AJC does not tolerate hatred and bigotry. Much of what I express with reference to hatred and bigotry I acquired from associating with persons who are part of the AJC. I have understood, as a result of working with my friends at the AJC, that we can never, ever tolerate hatred and bigotry, regardless of where it comes from, regardless as to what the source is. We have got to be bold. We have to show courage. We have to stand up together against hatred and bigotry. These are some of the things that the AJC has exhibited over the years in my presence. And I said my friends at AJC. I call people friends who are persons that I do more than have dinner with, persons whom I do more than associate with, persons whom I have more than a relationship with. I call friends persons whom I can disagree with and still maintain a relationship with them. Over the years, these friends and I have stood together, and we continue to stand together. So, tonight, Mr. Speaker, I call to the attention of this august body H. Res. 1166, and I call to the attention of those who are within the sound of my voice, those who may be viewing at home, I call to their attention H. Res. 1166, a resolution that honors and praises the American Jewish Committee on the occasion of its 112th anniversary. I suggest that it be resolved by the House of Representatives that the House of Representatives, itself, recognize the 112th anniversary of the historic founding of the American Jewish Committee, and that the House of Representatives should honor and praise the American Jewish Committee on the occasion of this anniversary for its efforts regarding human rights worldwide, for its interfaith dialogue, and for the promotion of Israel’s security and its place in the world. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to have presented this resolution, and I would have the world know, and all of my friends know, that I look forward to returning to Houston, Texas, and meeting with my friends who are associated with the AJC, the American Jewish Committee, as we continue our struggle to end hatred and bigotry—not to manage it, not to make it less tolerable, but to eliminate it in its entirety wherever it exists. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
THE CHRIST OF CHRISTMAS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL) for 30 minutes. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, we are told it is the most wonderful time of the year: Christmas. As a Nation, we have celebrated it with family, with breaks from work, and with a bit of pomp in our Nation’s Capital. But why? It has not always been the case. When Americans began to settle in the Colonies, they came with varied religious backgrounds. To the Pilgrims and Puritans, the idea of celebrating a holy day associated with the churches that had persecuted them in Europe was repulsive. But to those high churches long established—such as Anglican, Episcopal, and Catholic— Christmas was observed widespread. In the fabric of our Nation, the low church settlers dwelt more in New England, where Christmas was not observed, and the high church settlers were more in the South, where it was. Still, it was not until 1837, when Louisiana made Christmas a State holiday, that Christmas was officially recognized. In time, more States began official recognition. In 1870, Christmas became a national holiday. Its lack of recognition was not for a lack of understanding for the importance of the birth of Christ. Rather, it was out of respect to the various Christian beliefs making up our national fabric. It was not until 1889 that a Christmas tree adorned the White House, and the first official Christmas tree lighting ceremony did not occur until 1923, under President Calvin Coolidge. The first White House Christmas card did not appear until 1953, under President Dwight Eisenhower. Still, our Nation and our leaders have always made great effort to express the importance of the birth of Christ. Here is what a few of nearly all of our Presidents have said about the birth of Christ: Calvin Coolidge: ‘‘For many generations, Christmas has been joyously observed . . . because on that day was born one who grew to be the only perfect man and became the Savior of the world. No other influence in human experience has compared with the birth and life of Christ.’’ Franklin Roosevelt: ‘‘Here, at home, we will celebrate this Christmas Day in our traditional American way—because of its deep spiritual meaning to us; because the teachings of Christ are fundamental in our lives; and because we want our youngest generation to grow up knowing the significance of this tradition and the story of the coming of the immortal Prince of Peace and Good Will. But, in perhaps every home in the United States, sad and anxious thoughts will be continually with the millions of our loved ones who are suffering hardships and misery, and who are risking their very lives to preserve for us and for all mankind the fruits of His teachings and the foundations of civilization itself.’’ Harry Truman: ‘‘In love, which is the very essence of the message of the Prince of Peace, the world would find a solution for all its ills. I do not believe there is one problem in this country or in the world today which could not be settled if approached through the teaching of the Sermon on the Mount. ...  ‘‘In the stillness of the eve of the Nativity when the hopes and mankind hang on the peace that was offered to the world 19 centuries ago, it is but natural, while we survey our destiny, that we give thought also to our past to some of the things which have gone into the making of our Nation. . . . ‘‘In this day, whether it be far or near, the kingdoms of this world shall become, indeed, the kingdom of God, and He will reign forever and ever, Lord of Lords and King of Kings . . . ‘‘Since returning home, I have been reading again in our family Bible some of the passages which foretold this night. . . . We miss the spirit of Christmas if we consider the incarnation as an indistinct and doubtful, faroff event unrelated to our present problems. We miss the purport of Christ’s birth if we do not accept it as a living link which joins us together in the spirit as children of the everliving and true God. In love alone—the love of God and the love of man—will be found the solution of all the ills which afflict the world today.’’ Lyndon Johnson: ‘‘We were taught by Him whose birth we commemorate that after death, there is life. . . . In these last 200 years, we have guided the building of our Nation and our society by those principles and precepts brought to Earth nearly 2,000 years ago on that first Christmas. ‘‘In a few days, we shall all celebrate the birth of His Holiness on Earth. . . . We shall acknowledge the kingdom of a child in a world of men. That child, we should remember, grew into manhood Himself, preached and moved men in many walks of life, and died in agony. But His death, so the Christian faith tells us, was not the end. For Him, and for millions of men and women ever since, it marked a time of triumph, when the spirit of life triumphed over death.’’ b1745 Gerald Ford: ‘‘In our 200 years, we Americans have always honored the spiritual testament of 2,000 years ago. We embrace the spirit of the Prince of Peace so that we might find peace in our own hearts and in our own land, and hopefully in the world as well.’’ Ronald Reagan: ‘‘The Nativity story of nearly 20 centuries ago is known by all faiths as a hymn to the brotherhood of man. For Christians, it is the fulfillment of ageold prophecies and the reaffirmation of God’s great love for all of us. Through a generous Heavenly Father’s gift of His Son, hope and compassion entered a world weary with fear and despair and changed it for all time.’’ Reagan continues. ‘‘ . . . I have always believed that the message of Jesus is one of hope and joy. I know that there are those who recognize Christmas Day as the birthday of a great and good man, a wise teacher who gave us principles to live by. And then there are others of us who believe that He was the Son of God, that He was Divine. If we live our lives for truth, for love, and for God, we need never be afraid.’’ George H.W. Bush put it this way: ‘‘At Christmas, we, too, rejoice in the mystery of God’s love for us—love revealed through the gift of Christ’s birth. Born into a family of a young carpenter and his wife, in a stable shared by beasts of the field, our Savior came to live among ordinary men. Yet, in time, the miraculous nature of this simple event became clear. Christ’s birth changed the course of history, bringing the light of hope to a world dwelling in the darkness of sin and death. Today, nearly 2,000 years later, the shining promise of that first Christmas continues to give our lives a sense of peace and purpose. Our words and deeds, when guided by the example of Christ’s life, can help others share in the joy of man’s Redemption.’’ Bill Clinton: ‘‘The Christmas story is dear and familiar to us all—shepherds and angels, Wise Men and King Herod, Mary and Joseph, and, at the heart of it all, a Child. This Child was born into poverty in a city too crowded to offer Him shelter. He was sent to a region whose people had endured suffering, tyranny, and exile. And yet, this Child brought with Him riches so great that they continue to sustain the human spirit 2,000 years later: the assurance of God’s love and presence in our lives and the promise of salvation.’’ Barack Obama: ‘‘More than 2,000 years ago, a child was born to two faithful travelers who could find rest only in a stable, among the cattle and the sheep. But this was not just any child. Christ’s birth made the angels rejoice and attracted shepherds and kings from afar. He was a manifestation of God’s love for us.’’ Even with all of their flaws, the political and party tensions, the times of national prosperity and crisis, our Presidents have been consistent in expressing publicly their belief on why Christ’s birth matters. Bold Presidential statements: the only perfect man, Savior of the world, immortal Prince of Peace, Lord of Lords who will reign forever, His Holiness, Son of God, the light of Hope, God’s love and presence in our lives, a manifestation of God’s love for us. No other human being has ever been accorded such accolade by our Presidents. Indeed, even in our national Congress, well over 90 percent of elected officials associate themselves with the 
Christian faith, and give similar words as to why Christ is important. But even all the words of Presidents and national leaders are not as important as the words of the man himself, whose birth created all the fuss. What did Christ claim about himself? We have bold statements by Jesus. Here are some pretty astounding ones: John 6:35: 
I am the bread of life. He who comes to Me shall never hunger. 
I am the light of the world. He who follows Me shall not walk in darkness, but have the light of life. 
I am the door. If anyone enters by Me, he will be saved, and he will go in and out and find pasture. The thief does not come except to steal, and to kill, and to destroy. I have come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly. I am the good shepherd. The good shepherd gives His life for the sheep. 
I am the good shepherd; and I know My sheep, and am known by My own. As the Father knows Me, even so I know the Father; and I lay down My life for the sheep. And other sheep I have which are not of this fold; them also I must bring, and they will hear My voice and there will be one flock, and one shepherd. Therefore, My Father loves Me because I lay down My life that I may take it again. 
I am the resurrection and the life. He who believes in Me, though he may die, he shall live. 
I am the way, the truth and the life. No man comes to the Father except by Me. 
I am the vine, you are the branches. He who abides in Me, and I in him, bears much fruit; for without Me you can do nothing. If anyone does not abide in Me, he is cast out as a branch and is withered; and they gather them and throw them into the fire, and they are burned. If you abide in Me, and My words abide in you, you will ask what you desire, and it shall be done for you. By this My Father is glorified, that you bear much fruit; so you will be My disciples. As the Father loved Me, I also have loved you; abide in My love. If you keep My commandments, you will abide in My love, just as I have kept My Father’s commandments and abide in His love. These things I have spoken to you, that My joy may remain in you, and that your joy may be full. This is My commandment, that you love one another as I have loved you. Greater love has no one than this, than to lay down one’s life for his friends. 
Ponder this. These are bold claims. The bread of life, the light of the world, the door, the good shepherd, the resurrection, the way, the truth, the life, the vine. Only God could make such claims. John 3:16 explains it this way: 
For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believes in Him shall not perish, but have everlasting life. 
As human beings, we understand life because it is real to us. We live. We also understand complexity and order. We arrange our days, our clothes, our homes, our diet. God has created us with a sense of order. Created. One only has to look at the complexity of the human eye to see a design. One cannot fathom the circulatory system, and organs, and all the things that make up life and not see the hand of a master designer. One cannot look at the miracle of birth and not see a clear designed creation. A junkyard full of car parts does not selfproduce a new car in any amount of time any more than a jumble of proteins make life by accident. We have been fearfully and wonderfully made. When one considers all of the world, how it works together, how it is perfectly placed in our solar system, we can see God’s hand. With slight deviation of the Earth’s axis, we would be dead. With just a few more miles closer proximity to the Sun, we would be burned to death. With just a few more miles away from the Sun, we would freeze to death. We are not some accident, some purposeless blob of proteins that has no meaning. Nature speaks to God’s hand. We see the grandeur of a designer all around us. The giver of life, God himself. But what of His Son, Jesus Christ? The Gospel of John explains: In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. He was in the beginning with God. All things were made through Him, and without Him nothing was made that was made. In Him was life, and the life was the light of men. And the light shines in the darkness, and the darkness did not comprehend it . . . That was the true Light which gives light to every man coming into the world. He was in the world, and the world was made through Him, and the world did not know Him. He came to His own, and His own did not receive Him. But as many as received Him, to them He gave the right to become children of God, to those who believe in His name: who were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God. And the Word became flesh and dwelt among us, and we beheld His glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father, full of grace and truth. 
But why? Why did God’s Son have to come into the world? When God created man and woman, He created us with choices. He gave simple instruction, but the choice was still Adam’s to make. God did not create a robot. He created a human soul. Adam, the first man, chose to disobey God in that simple but uneasy choice. That choice gave us sin, the knowledge of good and evil. Paul tells us in Romans 5:12 that because of this choice: 
Through one man sin entered the world, and death through sin, and thus death spread to all men, because all sinned. 
Sin perpetuated from that moment into all mankind. We see it ourselves if we take the time to consider it. We do not have to teach a child how to do wrong. It comes naturally, with the arching of the back, and the shouting of the word ‘‘no’’ as one of those first uttered. As they mature, we labor to teach them to do what is right, guided by the conscience that God has placed into us. Why do we feel guilty when we do things wrong? Romans tells us that God wrote that moral law into our hearts, a conscience. We were created with it. We are unique among living creatures in this way. We have a soul. We get a basic sense of God’s moral right and wrong, yet, we fail that standard because of our sinful nature. We fall short. We don’t want to, but we do. We want to do what is right, but often, we make a different choice because of our sinful nature. Because of this failing to meet God’s standard as He created us, we are unable, by ourselves, to fix it. b1800 For a time, God communicated through His word and His prophets the need to make an atonement for our shortcomings, to cleanse our sins by sacrifices. Christ came to be the final and total sacrifice, erasing the sin in our lives, if we would receive it. Christ’s birth was the fix. But how? God, as the master programmer, if you think in modern vernacular, made us perfect. But we became corrupted with a sin virus that we voluntarily put in, ignoring the warnings. Once a perfect operating system, now we were destined to crash and eventually destroy ourselves. Jesus would become the fix, the patch, the update, to take away the sin virus and to make us whole again before God. But the fix would not be automatic. It has to be installed voluntarily in our hearts. When Christ came into the world, He did not come by Adam’s seed. Christ could not become the fix patched to a sinful, viruscorrupted operating system. Instead, God sent His Son to be born of a virgin—Mary—bypassing Adam’s seed and the sinful nature that would come with it. Christ became flesh and dwelt among us. Fully God, yet becoming flesh, acquainted with all our frailties, but not corrupted through Adam’s seed. If He could be obedient even unto death, ultimately embodied in a death on the cross, then His sacrifice would be available to all who would receive it as a new operating system for life. Paul tells us in Romans 5:8 that God demonstrates His own love toward us in that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. Romans 5.18 says: Therefore, as through one man’s offense judgment came to all men, resulting in condemnation, even so through one Man’s righteous act, the free gift came to all men, resulting in justification of life. 
For unto us a Child is born, Unto us a Son is given; And the government will be upon His shoulder, And His name will be called Wonderful, Counselor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace. Of the increase of His government and peace there will be no end. 
For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life. For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world through Him might be saved. He who believes in Him is not condemned; but he who does not believe is condemned already, because he has not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God. And this is the condemnation, that the light has come into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light, because their deeds were evil. For everyone practicing evil hates the light and does not come to the light, lest his deeds shall be exposed. But he who does the truth comes to the light, that his deeds may be clearly seen, that they have been done in God. 
Christ makes a direct appeal to us when He says: ‘‘Come to Me, all you who labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.’’ We come by making a simple, voluntary confession. Paul tells us in Romans 10:9: 
If you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your heart that God has raised Him from the dead, you will be saved. 
Harry Truman was correct when he said that in the love of God and the love of man will be found the solution to all the ills that afflict the world today. As much as we may wish to make our Nation strong, it will never happen without observing the truth in Proverbs 14:36: 
Righteousness exalts a nation, but sin is a reproach to any people. 
In a world of strife, we could use some peace and encouragement. Christ said: 
These things have I spoken to you, that in Me you may have peace. In the world you will have tribulation; but be of good cheer, I have overcome the world. 
In a world of hatred and suffering, we could use some love. Jesus said: ‘‘This is My commandment, that you love one another as I have loved you.’’ In a world that tells us there is no hope, we can find it in Christ’s commitment to us. Romans 5:3 through 6: 
Tribulation produces perseverance; and perseverance, character; and character, hope. Now hope does not disappoint us, because the love of God has been poured out in our hearts by the Holy Spirit who was given to us. For when we were still without strength, in due time, Christ died for the ungodly. 
It started 2,000 years ago in Bethlehem. Luke 2:11: ‘‘For there is born to you this day in the city of David a Saviour, who is Christ the Lord.’’ As I close my service in Congress in what may perhaps be the last time I am privileged to speak in this august Chamber, I am grateful for the privilege to have done so and to the Oklahomans who made that possible. As I bring to a close more than threeand onehalf decades of military and public service to our Nation, I do it with a simple prayer that you may find the true meaning of Christmas: of hope, of salvation, and of celebration. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. IN HONOR OF DR. JAMES BILLINGTON, LIBRARIAN OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. FORTEN BERRY ) for 30 minutes. Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, when I learned of the death of my very close friend, Dr. James Billington, the 13th Librarian of Congress, it hit me pretty hard. That was about 3 weeks ago. Dr. Billington’s passion for the institution that he led for 28 years, his scholarly nature, and his gentlemanly demeanor were a tremendous inspiration to me and to so many Members of this body. I so admired him. First, I want to extend my heartfelt condolences to Marjorie and the entire family. May God grant him peace. During his 28 years at the Library of Congress, from 1987 to 2015, Dr. James Billington led the institution in a remarkable period of accomplishment. He once referred to the Library of Congress—I like to call it America’s Library—as the largest, most wideranging collection of worldrecorded knowledge ever assembled on our planet. He strove mightily to preserve the Nation’s cultural patrimony and open the Library’s collections to the American people and to people around the world. Dr. Billington doubled the size of the Library’s holdings to more than 160 million items, including books, manuscripts, newspapers, maps, music and film recordings, and prints and photographs. Simultaneously, he also created a massive online library, digitizing materials so that the historic and cultural resources of the Library—being historic and cultural resources of the world, I might add—which were once only available to persons visiting the Library now would be instantaneously accessible to anyone anywhere in the world. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Billington also looked to the future, but he never lost sight of our connectedness and the treasures of the past. During his tenure, he acquired the only copy of the 1507 Waldseemuller world map, which is known as America’s birth certificate. He reconstructed Thomas Jefferson’s original library for permanent display, and he obtained the papers of hundreds of great Americans ranging from jurist Thurgood Marshall to the songwriter Irving Berlin. Mr. Speaker, I can’t emphasize enough that he was a remarkable man—a Russian scholar with a brilliant mind. He accompanied 10 congressional delegations to Russia and the former Soviet Union. In 1988, he was invited to join President Reagan in traveling to the Soviet Summit in Moscow. Mr. Speaker, I am a member of the House Appropriations Committee’s Legislative Branch Subcommittee, and now I am its chairman. I got to know Dr. Billington from his regular appearances before the Appropriations Committee to talk about the budget. I often enjoyed the many events he held at the Library, the dialogues, the displays, and the exhibits he organized to engage Members of Congress in their Library. Dr. Billington went out of his way to accommodate our needs. He once graciously hosted a small British delegation on my behalf that included a member of the royal family and a member of the House of Lords, both with an interest in Charles Carroll, one of the original signers of the Declaration of Independence. Despite the government shutdown at that moment a little while back, which forced us to move the forum into this building, the Capitol, Dr. Billington ensured that the Library’s prized displays were in place and were on time, and that he was present to deliver welcoming remarks. With his retirement, leaving the great institution he served faithfully for nearly three decades, Dr. Billington left an indelible imprint, having created programs and services that continue to benefit Congress and the American public. In fact, Mr. Speaker, before he retired, in a conversation with his wife, Marjorie—and I knew his retirement was imminent—I told him: Dr. Billington, now it is time to write two books, the book that you want to write that is in your mind, and the book for the rest of us to read to make accessible your life story and your brilliant insights. Long live his memory. Again, Mr. Speaker, let me say, may God comfort Dr. Billington’s wife, Marjorie, their four children, and their 12 grandchildren in their moment of grief. I extend to them, as well as the entire Library of Congress community, my heartfelt condolences. Jim Billington, well done, my friend. Well done, good and faithful public servant. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 3342. An act to impose sanctions with respect to foreign persons that are responsible for using civilians as human shields, and for other purposes. H.R. 4111. An act to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to improve the number of small business investment companies in underlicensed States, and for other purposes. H.R. 4407. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3s101 Rockwell Street in Warrenville, Illinois, as the ‘‘Corporal Jeffrey Allen Williams Post Office Building.’’ 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 245. An act to amend the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self Determination Act of 2005, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 12 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, December 13, 2018, at 10:30 a.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
7139. A letter from the Team Lead/RD Innovation Center, Rural Development, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s direct final rule — Rural Development Environmental Regulation for Rural Infrastructure Projects (RIN: 0572 AC44) received December 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 7140. A letter from the Team Lead/RD Innovation Center, Rural Development — Rural Utilities Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — ‘‘Buy American’’ Requirement (RIN: 0572AC42) received December 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 7141. A letter from the Acting Principal Deputy, Defense Pricing and Contracting, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Modification of DFARS Clause ‘‘Surge Option’’ (DFARS Case 2018D025) [Docket No.: DARS 2018D036] (RIN: 0750AJ87) received December 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7142. A letter from the Acting Principal Deputy, Defense Pricing and Contracting, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Documentation for Interagency Contracts (DFARS Case 2018D073) [Docket DARS2018 0054] (RIN: 0750AK27) received December 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7143. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Competition and Infrastructure Policy Division, Wireless Telecommunications Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Revisions to Reporting Requirements Governing Hearing AidCompatible Mobile Handsets [WT Docket No.: 17228] received December 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7144. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Geomagnetic Disturbance Reliability Standard; Reliability Standard for Transmission System Planned Performance for Geomagnetic Disturbance Events [Docket Nos.: RM188000 and RM1511003; Order No.: 851] received December 4, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7145. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s Semiannual Report to Congress, of the Office of Inspector General, covering the 6month period that ended on September 30, 2018, pursuant to Public Law 95452, of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7146. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Administration’s Semiannual Report to Congress, of the Office of Inspector General, covering the period from April 1 through September 30, 2018, pursuant to Public Law 95 452, of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7147. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s Semiannual Report to Congress, of the Office of Inspector General, covering the period from April 1 through September 30, 2018, pursuant to Public Law 95 452, of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7148. A letter from the Administrator, U.S. Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Semiannual Report to Congress, of the Office of Inspector General, covering the period from April 1, 2018, through September 30, 2018, pursuant to Public Law 95452, of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7149. A letter from the Chief Financial Officer and Associate Administrator for Performance Management, U.S. Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Agency Financial Report for FY 2018, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7150. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2018 National Pool (Rev. Proc. 201855) received December 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7151. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Safe Harbor for Certain Infrastructure Trades or Businesses under Section 163(j) (Rev. Proc. 201859) received December 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7152. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s notice — Publications of the Tier 2 Tax Rates received December 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7153. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Interim Guidance and Request for Comments on Income Tax Withholding from Wages and from Retirement and Annuity Distributions [Notice 201892] received December 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7154. A letter from the Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmitting the Department’s First Annual Report, pursuant to the Social Security Number Fraud Prevention Act of 2017, Public Law 11559, Sec. 2(c)(4), Stat. 1152 (Sept. 15, 2017) (codified at 42 USCA Sec. 405, note); jointly to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform and Ways and Means. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 6021. A bill to amend the SarbanesOxley Act of 2002 to exclude privately held, noncustody brokers and dealers that are in good standing from certain requirements under title I of that Act, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115– 1075). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 6130. A bill to provide for a 5 year extension of certain exemptions and reduced disclosure requirements for companies that were emerging growth companies and would continue to be emerging growth companies but for the 5year restriction on emerging growth companies, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1076). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 6745. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to revise the shareholder threshold for registration under such Act for issuers that receive support through certain Federal universal service support mechanisms, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1077). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 4758. A bill to amend the Federal Reserve Act to require the Federal Open Market Committee to establish interest rates on balances maintained at a Federal Reserve Bank by depository institutions (Rept. 115–1078). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 7264. A bill making further additional continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2019, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations. By Mr. PALAZZO (for himself and Mr. ADERHOLT ): H.R. 7265. A bill to amend title 51, United States Code, to extend the authority of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to enter into leases of nonexcess property of the Administration; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7266. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to consider the Margaret R. Pardee Memorial Hospital as a covered entity for purposes of the 340B drug discount program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Miss RICE of New York (for herself, Mr. KILMER , and Mr. G ALLAGHER ): H.R. 7267. A bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to apply the restrictions on the use of campaign funds for 
personal use to the funds of leadership PACs and other political committees, to clarify the treatment of certain coordinated expenditures as contributions to candidates, to require the sponsors of certain political advertisements to identify the source of funds used for the advertisements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 7268. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to ensure that healthy research dogs and cats are adopted into suitable homes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 7269. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to make the Social Security Trustees Report process more accountable and transparent, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. WEBER of Texas (for himself and Mr. CRIST): H.R. 7270. A bill to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to clarify the authority of the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration with respect to poststorm assessments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CURTIS: H.R. 7271. A bill to establish the Public Private Partnership Advisory Council to End Human Trafficking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for herself and Ms. CLARKE of New York): H.R. 7272. A bill to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to promote the ability of individuals entitled to benefits under part A or enrolled under part B of the Medicare program and individuals enrolled under a State plan under the Medicaid program to access their personal medical claim data, including their providers, prescriptions, tests, and diagnoses, through a mobile health record application of the individual’s choosing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BARR (for himself and Ms. GABBARD ): H.R. 7273. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a tiger team dedicated to addressing the difficulties encountered by the Department of Veterans Affairs in carrying out section 3313 of title 38, United States Code, after the enactment of sections 107 and 501 of the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 7274. A bill to provide an incentive for firearm owners to sell their firearms safely and responsibly; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 7275. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to clarify the admissibility and deportability of aliens acting in accordance with State and foreign marijuana laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania: H.R. 7276. A bill to prohibit the Social Security Administration from reinstating the reconsideration level of appeal for disability determinations in the 10 prototype States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. ESHOO (for herself and Mr. JONES of North Carolina): H.R. 7277. A bill to limit the use of funds for kinetic military operations in or against Iran; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ESTES of Kansas: H.R. 7278. A bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GIBBS (for himself, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. L ATTA , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. CHABOT , and Mrs. B USTOS ): H.R. 7279. A bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to provide for an integrated planning process, to promote green infrastructure, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 7280. A bill to direct the Architect of the Capitol to install a commemorative plaque next to each office previously used by a Member of Congress who became President of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself, Ms. MOORE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. BEATTY , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. CLAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. CLYBURN , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. EVANS , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. N ORTON, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Ms. LEE, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. R USH, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. VEASEY , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. CARSON of Indiana): H.R. 7281. A bill to amend title 23, United States Code, to establish a grant program for States that establish specific standards for education and training programs concerning civilian and law enforcement encounters during traffic stops and other inperson encounters, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 7282. A bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to make Hispanicserving institutions eligible for technical and financial assistance for the establishment of preservation training and degree programs; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. KELLY of Illinois (for herself and Mr. TEDLIEUof California): H.R. 7283. A bill to provide minimal cybersecurity operational standards for Internet connected devices purchased by Federal agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KILDEE (for himself, Mr. BERGMAN , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. WELCH , and Mr. H UFFMAN ): H.R. 7284. A bill to require the Director of the United States Geological Survey to perform a nationwide survey of perfluorinated compounds, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. MENG (for herself, Mr. ENGEL , and Mr. KEATING ): H.R. 7285. A bill to provide women and girls safe access to sanitation facilities in refugee camps; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. MOULTON: H.R. 7286. A bill to provide for a more inclusive voluntary civilian national service program to promote civic engagement, enhance national unity, and foster a sense of shared sacrifice by helping young Americans participate in national service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUIZ (for himself, Mr. CASTRO  of Texas, Mr. BILIRAKIS , and Mr. K ING of New York): H.R. 7287. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the eligibility of certain individuals exposed to burn pits for hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care furnished by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. RUIZ (for himself, Mr. CASTRO  of Texas, and Mr. BILIRAKIS ): H.R. 7288. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a presumption of service connection for certain diseases in veterans who were exposed to burn pits; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 7289. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to terminate the credit for new qualified plugin electric drive motor vehicles and to provide for a Federal Highway user fee on alternative fuel vehicles; to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 7264. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of 
the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. By Mr. PALAZZO: H.R. 7265. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7266. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . regulate Commerece . . . among the several States.’’ By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 7267. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 7268. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 7269. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. WEBER of Texas: H.R. 7270. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. CURTIS: H.R. 7271. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the Constitution By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: H.R. 7272. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BARR: H.R. 7273. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I. Section. 8. To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Office thereof. By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 7274. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 7275. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania: H.R. 7276. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the U.S. Constitution, which grants Congress the power to ‘‘lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common defense and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 7277. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. ESTES of Kansas: H.R. 7278. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. GIBBS: H.R. 7279. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 3 (related to Regulation of Commerce among the several States) By Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 7280. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the U.S. Constitution, which provide as follows: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; [and . . .] To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas: H.R. 7281. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: General Welfare Clause—Article 1 Section 8, Clause 1. Necessary and Proper Clause—Article, 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 7282. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: H.R. 7283. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 7284. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. MENG: H.R. 7285. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. MOULTON: H.R. 7286. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States of America By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 7287. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution, to provide for the general welfare and make all laws necessary and proper to carry out the powers of Congress. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 7288. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution, to provide for the general welfare and make all laws necessary and proper to carry out the powers of Congress. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 7289. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 12: Mr. M ORELLE and Ms. S CANLON . H.R. 334: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 893: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 919: Mr. HULTGREN . H.R. 963: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 1160: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 1168: Mr. NEAL. H.R. 1818: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 1820: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 1957: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 2119: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia, Mr. COSTA , and Mr. M CNERNEY . H.R. 2267: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 2598: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 2640: Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. CONNOLLY , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. C OSTA , and Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 2660: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 2889: Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 3222: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 3947: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 4240: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 4253: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 4271: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 4485: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 4647: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana and Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 4657: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 4691: Mr. BERA, Mr. S ERRANO , and Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 5158: Ms. CASTOR of Florida and Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 5244: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 5471: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 5856: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 6016: Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 6043: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. SOTO, Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 6060: Mr. FOSTER , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 6239: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 6274: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 6454: Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , and Ms. B ASS. H.R. 6455: Mr. NADLER . H.R. 6502: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 6503: Ms. SA´NCHEZ . H.R. 6609: Mr. NADLER . H.R. 6643: Mr. CLEAVER . H.R. 6646: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 6836: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 6880: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 6959: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 6961: Mr. SCHWEIKERT and Mrs. L ESKO . H.R. 6988: Mr. TONKO , Ms. L OFGREN , and Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 7108: Mr. SUOZZI , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. TONKO , and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 7123: Mr. KIND, Mr. K ENNEDY , and Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 7127: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 7150: Ms. SA´NCHEZ . H.R. 7173: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 7202: Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 7224: Mr. DAVIDSON . H.R. 7225: Mr. DAVIDSON . H.R. 7228: Mr. DESAULNIER and Mr. K IND. H.J. Res. 31: Mr. MORELLE . H. Con. Res. 142: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Mr. SUOZZI , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. DEUTCH , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. B ENRAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Miss R ICEof New York, and Mr. LANGEVIN . H. Res. 274: Mr. MEEKS . H. Res. 826: Mr. HECK. H. Res. 969: Ms. NORTON . H. Res. 1031: Ms. PLASKETT , Mr. L AMB, Mr. WALZ, Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California. H. Res. 1125: Ms. BONAMICI . H. Res. 1130: Ms. TITUS, Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. PAYNE . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7455 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 2018 No. 196 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable RAND PAUL, a Senator from the Commonwealth of Kentucky. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Father, we rejoice in Your strength. In spite of gathering storm clouds, our confidence in Your love sustains us. Be merciful to our Nation, for You are our hope. Lord, provide our lawmakers today with the music of Your wisdom, that they may bring hope out of despair and joy out of sadness. Increase their faith, hope, and love, that they may receive Your promises. Teach us all to celebrate, even in the darkness, because You are the God who saves us. We pray in Your sovereign Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 