Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, last week, the House Agriculture Committee passed a bill out that would reauthorize the farm bill. This is the most important bill that most Americans don’t pay that much attention to. Sadly, I don’t think it gets the attention that it needs here in Congress. This is just the beginning of a long process to deal with the bill that is going to be the most important health bill that this Congress will consider, because it would have us continue to subsidize a diet that literally makes Americans sick. It is the most important environmental bill, in terms of carbon emissions and water quality, and it makes a big difference for the men and women who are in the agriculture sector. There are longterm challenges that we face, such as beginning farmers and ranchers and what happens in terms of transition. The average farmer is 58.2 years of age. What are we going to do to provide the workforce for the future, to transition lands, to be able to get the most out of the investment in the lands? The bill that is awaiting House action—and I hope it awaits House action a long time, because there are many things we can do to make it better— would cut environmental funding, even though only one out of four applications for environmental programs ever get funded. The environmental programs are not performancebased to make sure that we get the most benefit for those dollars. The bill does not rein in unnecessary subsidies. Indeed, it broadens loopholes and coverage to have subsidies go to more people who are only tangentially related to operating the farm and people who don’t necessarily need it. But the thing that I find most troubling is the provision known as the King amendment. This provision in the farm bill would prohibit State and local governments from being able to set their own protections for agriculture, food, and the environment. Every State has agriculture and fishing industries that have their own special needs: pests, disease, and protections for consumers. The interest of various industries are widely different across the country. The needs of the fisheries of the Great Lakes are different from those of the Gulf Coast, New England, and the Pacific Northwest. The King amendment would prevent States from being able to tailor protections to their own industry and their own consumers. I strongly urge my colleagues to investigate what this provision would mean. There is a great study from the Harvard Law School about an analysis of H.R. 4879 and the King amendment preempting State laws, for instance, on sellby or bestused dates for shellfish, meat, dairy, and eggs. It would prevent States from stopping the import of pests that kill fruit, nut, and lumber trees. It would allow fishing vessels to fish waters of the various States without complying with the rules of those States, if their States have different provisions. It would even prohibit pet distributor licenses from being denied animal abusers. These are the sorts of things that, when the public looks at it, they are shaking their heads in wonder. Why would Congress have a race to the bottom for protections for the environment, consumers, and animal protections? It is interesting. There was a provision voted on by people in Oklahoma in the fall of 2016. The socalled ‘‘freedom to farm’’ has many of these same provisions. When the voters in Oklahoma did a deep dive, they rejected the Farm Bureau’s initiative by a 60–40 margin. That is the State that gave Donald Trump his largest margin of victory for any State, other than West Virginia. I hope Congress does what the people of Oklahoma did: look at the details, understand what it would do, and reject unnecessary restrictions on the ability of your State and local government to tailor protections for the people who fish, farm, and shop. We can do better. I hope that we are going to be able to enlist the support of the vast majority of Congress to take a moment, pause, and look at a farm bill that is worthy of this body. 
TUESDAY’S CHILDREN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Mr. Nebraska (Mr. BACON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize three amazing kids: Arianna, Julius, and Kaydin, who join me today on the floor. All three are taking part in Take Our Children to Work Today hosted by Tuesday’s Children. This is my second year participating in this wonderful event, and both times it has brightened my day. Tuesday’s Children provides support to children whose parents passed away in the military or due to terrorism. More than 15,000 individuals directly impacted by the events of September 11 have been supported by Tuesday’s Children, and more than 6,000 individuals are currently served by Tuesday’s Children’s First Responder Alliance program today. In my 30 years in the Air Force, I was able to meet with the families of loved ones who passed. I know how important organizations like Tuesday’s Children are for our Nation’s youth. Today, it is about kids like Arianna, Julius, and Kaydin. They are shadowing me this morning and seeing what life is like in Congress. Julius is 9 years old. He is from Maryland and enjoys robotics and LEGOs. Kaydin, from Pennsylvania, is 10 years old, and is a big New York Giants fan. I tried to make him a Chicago Bears fan, but I couldn’t do it. Finally, Arianna is from Maryland. She is 7 years old, and loves to play tennis. I hope they enjoy their time in Washington and remember this day as a very special one, because they are special. I look forward to spending more time with them this afternoon. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind all Members to refrain from references to guests on the floor. 
BIPARTISANSHIP The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, bipartisanship is often applauded in Congress, but seldom rewarded. Let me repeat that. Bipartisanship is often applauded, but seldom rewarded, which is an important part of why we have been unable to pass any meaningful immigration reform in this body for years. I have worked with good men and women on the other side of the aisle on many occasions to advance immigration reform, but none of those efforts forced the Speaker of the House, whoever he or she was at the time, to allow a vote, except for the time the House passed the DREAM Act in 2010. I continue to work with partners on the other side, because I know if a vote is allowed, those who see immigrants and immigration as important assets to this country will prevail. It will take Democrats and Republicans working together to enact commonsense immigration reform. Just this week, the gentleman from Colorado, Republican MIKECOFFMAN , and I worked together to demand statistics from the Department of Homeland Security to determine if the Trump administration is complying with Federal court orders on the renewal of DACA applications, and to get more information on the DACA processing backlogs. Working with Republicans doesn’t win me many friends among Democrats, who spend their days trying to defeat people like Mr. COFFMAN . They would probably prefer I stop working with him. As I said, bipartisanship is often praised, but seldom rewarded. Secondly, bipartisanship is more than just signing your name. JEFFDENHAM of California and some other Republicans are promoting an idea that has a great deal of merit: the socalled ‘‘Queen of the Hill’’ rule, which has almost 50 Republican cosponsors and all the Democrats, myself included. This rule calls for a debate and votes in the House on a series of immigration reform bills, some of which would address the vulnerability of Dreamers and their families to deportation. It is an unprecedented bipartisan action to demand an immigration vote, and I support it wholeheartedly. But so far, all the Republicans have had to do is sign their names as cosponsors. The next step should be that we demand that Speaker RYAN bring the rule and related bills to the floor for a vote through a discharge petition. You see, working with people from the other side of the aisle is just one aspect of bipartisanship. When the rubber meets the road is when you take on the leaders of your own party in order to achieve a bipartisan goal. When I got arrested protesting President Obama’s treatment of Dreamers and migrants, I didn’t win any popularity contest with the Democratic Caucus. My colleagues were quick to defend the President and the Democratic Speaker at the time. I was shunned and passed over many times by my own team. Later, when I and other Democrats worked with Judge CARTER , SAMJOHNSON, and R AULLABRADOR to find bipartisan immigration solutions in the 113th Congress, Members of my own party told me to stay away. Right here on this floor they told me: ‘‘Don’t help Republicans solve their immigration problem.’’ But I didn’t stay away. I kept working with the Republicans, until they walked away. They were unwilling to take on their own party in the end. Speaker Boehner backed away when the chips were down. Speaker RYANcame to my district in Chicago and talked about moving forward on immigration, with me standing by his side. We are still waiting for him to put skin in the game. That is what it will take: taking a courageous position, even in the face of opposition from your own party. So the 48 Republicans who joined Mr. DENHAM ’s ‘‘Queen of the Hill’’ rule calling for immigration votes should not declare mission accomplished just yet. Your country needs you right now, today. We need your courage, in addition to your signature. Sign a discharge petition to bring about the vote on immigration solutions for Dreamers. That puts your skin in the game. You may not get invited to the next state dinner or fly on Air Force One, but you will have done a service to your Nation. A discharge petition on the Denham bill says you are willing to expend your personal reputation and political capital to do what is right and what is necessary in a time of great hatred and divisiveness at the highest levels over immigrants, refugees, and asylum seekers. Will you be praised for your bipartisan courage? I hope so. Will you be rewarded by other politicians or activists in your own party, or voters in mine? Probably not. Which is exactly my point. It is hard, it is thankless, but your country needs help that only Republicans in Congress can provide: put pressure on your own Republican leadership. I, and a lot of my colleagues, will work with you, stand by you, support you, but we need you to lead the way. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RICK ANTLE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I sadly rise today with fellow colleagues because we lost a friend way too soon. Rick Antle was an ag visionary, community leader, family man, and to Sonia and I, a mentor and a friend. His passion and dedication made him not only a leader in California’s Salinas Valley, but in the entire ag industry nationwide. At the age of 26, he became the president and CEO of Tanimura & Antle, one of the largest ag companies in the entire country. He would grow this to become the largest leafy greens and vegetable producer in the region. He set it up as an ESOP, making it an employeeowned business. This is now a fourgeneration legacy that farms over 35,000 acres, distributing to North America, Europe, and Asia. Rick worked right alongside his sons, Brian and Jeffrey. He constantly pushed different innovations, even ideas that were against conventional practice, things that were sometimes mocked or said that they would never work, but are now the important innovations that lead the rest of the industry. Rick emphasized the importance of support and investing in employees, whom he always saw as the backbone 
of his company. His company’s 800person Spreckels Crossing housing complex has since become a blueprint for other farmworker housing projects across the country. On a personal note, I would just say that Sonia and Tonya—Sonia and Tonya, as they were known to most in the industry—worked side by side. Rick and I worked side by side as well. b1015 Not only was Tonya a mentor to Sonia, Rick was a mentor to me. I learned a lot about business. I learned a lot about friendship. I saw the pride in his generational family. He is going to be missed by many here in Washington, D.C.; in the Salinas Valley; around the country; and certainly as a family man. Brian and Jeffrey, I know that they are going through tremendous pain, as are Anthony and Natalie. He thought the world of his family and certainly thought the world of his employees. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) for any remarks he may have. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I join with Congressman JEFF DENHAM and Congressman JIMMY PANETTA to celebrate a life well lived. Rick Antle was truly an icon in not only California agriculture but American agriculture. He was a leader. Rick and Tonya always put their family first, and what a family it was. To be a part with them, with their children and with his father, Bob, I have fond, fond memories over the years of working together on public policy affecting California agriculture. They farmed not just in the Salad Bowl but in the San Joaquin Valley. Their efforts to bring value added and innovation is legendary in terms of the incredible food products that we enjoy today at home. His efforts with employees set the gold standard, creating housing initiatives so that the 800 employees at Tanimura & Antle would have the kind of housing that farm workers deserve to have. The list goes on and on and on, but I just wanted to join today and pay my respects to our friend Rick, and to his family. Tonya, we know this is a very difficult time for all of you, but we just want you to know that our thoughts and prayers are with you. We thank you for all of the contributions you have made over the years. Rick was a leader in California agriculture. And I just personally want to say thank you for all the good advice you have given me over the years. We will miss Rick Antle. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I would like to yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. PANETTA ). Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with my good friends and colleagues Mr. DENHAM and Mr. C OSTA , to recognize somebody, as you can tell, who clearly impacted not just the lives of the three of us but the lives of many people on the Central Coast of California, the Central Valley of California, and across this Nation. Today we obviously commemorate, we celebrate, Rick Antle and what he has done for the Salinas Valley agriculture industry and what he and his family at T&A did to claim that area as the Salad Bowl of the World. Let me tell you, he did it through innovation, and he did it through ingenuity, in dealing with the specialty crops and the technology and practices that are needed in order to grow those types of crops. He was on the forefront of innovation when it came to precision farming, from growing hydroponic lettuce to plant tape, to a Robovator. The farming at T&A used less water and less pesticides, and that led to less harm to our environment. Yet they still continued to grow a vast amount of vegetables. I can tell you it wasn’t just his investments in innovation that set Rick apart; it was his ingenuity and foresight that inspired him to implement standards to protect our community, our environment, to invest in making his employees’ lives better, and to strive to impact policies that would improve the agricultural industry. Rick clearly was a steward of our environment, from T&A’s packaging and energy use, to maintaining soil health, to monitoring water usage. T&A was dedicated to ensuring longterm sustainability to benefit our community, our planet, and yes, our next generation. Rick was committed to making his employees’ lives better, from providing that stateoftheart housing that my colleagues mentioned to offering employees stock options so that they could be a part of that company, they could have a stake in that company. Yes, Rick was always a tireless advocate for the agriculture industry. We definitely valued his voice and his advice. And I can tell you, like I said, it wasn’t just us but clearly his family that he influenced. I will never forget his son Brian talking about the best piece of advice that he got from Rick. It was when he was in high school. Rick was getting him out in the fields. And Rick’s advice to Brian was: Look, the best fertilizer a farmer can have is his farmer’s own shadow. Being there, showing up. That is what Rick did. As you can see, Mr. Speaker, Rick was and he is a legend, not just on the Central Coast, not just in the Central Valley, but in the agricultural community. Carrie and I will miss him, and we know that his spirit will continue to be felt, not just in the Salad Bowl of the World but in all of our worlds. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, let me just, in closing, say my wife and I extend our condolences and prayers for Rick’s loving wife, his mother, their children and grandchildren. On behalf of all who knew him and benefited from his tireless efforts, we thank them for graciously giving us some of their time to spend with Rick and the many things that we all learned from him. Mr. Speaker, I will just say special prayers and condolences. f 
WHO WILL BE HARMED BY THE FARM BILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, last week after turning their backs on bipartisanship, Republicans on the Agriculture Committee advanced a highly partisan farm bill that hurts our most vulnerable constituents. The farm bill cuts the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, known as SNAP, by over $23 billion. It eliminates State flexibility. It erects new barriers to assessing the program and creates a massive new untested and underfunded bureaucracy. Most troubling, the bill reduces or eliminates benefits for nearly 2 million kids, veterans, working families, and other vulnerable adults. The bill was drafted in secret and is not reflective of the 23 hearings that our committee held on SNAP over the past 2
1⁄2years. In fact, I am having a difficult time determining where some of these controversial provisions originated. Were they cooked up at some far rightwing think tank? Did they come from some outlier in the Trump administration? Were they the creation of Speaker RYAN, who is desperate to pass his extreme welfare reform agenda before he retires at the end of this Congress? This secretive, closed process has left me with more questions than I have answers, Mr. Speaker. It is awful. And it is not the way the people’s House should operate. It is not fair to our constituents. Mr. Speaker, last week I came to the House floor and outlined some of the most troubling provisions Chairman CONAWAY and House Republicans insisted on including in this bill. Today I would like to take a few minutes to share with my colleagues who will be harmed if this reckless proposal is allowed to advance. Provisions in the Republican farm bill specifically target millions of older adults, over the age of 50, who rely on SNAP to put food on the table when times are tough. While SNAP law already includes strict work requirements and time limits, House Republicans are now seeking to completely cut off assistance for people who are unable to find work or a suitable job training program, and they are doing this without a serious plan that would actually help them find work. It is a rotten thing to do. To make matters worse, Republicans are extending these mandatory work requirements to people up to the age of 60. The AARP, our country’s leading voice for those over 50, has cautioned Chairman CONAWAY and Republicans in Congress that it is particularly difficult for individuals over 50 to find 
consistent work. In a letter to our committee, AARP’s senior vice president for government affairs, Joyce Rogers, said this bill could ‘‘increase food insecurity and likely have negative consequences on health.’’ Mr. Speaker, this damaging mandatory work proposal does not just impact older Americans; it extends to other groups as well. For example, under this bill, thousands of veterans would lose access to SNAP benefits if they can’t find work or a job training program. Veterans, Mr. Speaker, men and women who have put their lives on the line for us. The least we could do— the very least—is ensure that they have access to modest food benefits when they fall upon hard times. Among the other vulnerable adults who will be subjected to mandatory work requirements are teenagers just aging out of foster care, people with underlying mental health issues, chronically homeless individuals, and exoffenders with nowhere else to turn. Are these the people we want to be turning our backs on, Mr. Speaker? Their lives are already challenging. This Republican Congress should not be making it more difficult for them to survive. Other provisions in this terrible bill target working families with kids. The bill eliminates an important provision that provides States with the flexibility to raise income cutoffs and ease asset limits. Taking away this State option cuts 400,000 eligible households—900,000 adults and kids—off of SNAP and takes free school meals away from 265,000 kids. Sadly, this bill also limits access to benefits for people with disabilities. It imposes new paperwork requirements on SNAP recipients with outofpocket utility costs, placing more burdens on those living with disabilities. While there appear to be some exceptions to the burdensome work requirements I noted earlier for people with disabilities, many others who may not meet the statutory definition, who have not yet been identified, would be cut off of assistance. That is why the Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities sent our committee a letter strongly opposing this bill. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  the letters from AARP and the Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities. 
AARP R EALPOSSIBILITIES , Washington, DC, April 17, 2018. Hon. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, House of Representatives, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. Hon. COLLIN C. P ETERSON , Ranking Member, House of Representatives, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN CONAWAY & RANKING MEMBERPETERSON : On behalf of our members and all Americans age 50 and older, I am writing to urge you to modify H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018, to avoid the negative impact the current bill would have on the millions of Americans, including older Americans, who rely on the Supplementation Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP). AARP, with its nearly 38 million members in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories, is a nonpartisan, nonprofit, nationwide organization that strengthens communities and fights for the issues that matter most to families such as health care, employment and income security, retirement planning, affordable utilities and protection from financial abuse. The changes to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) included in H.R. 2 will put at risk the critical food and nutrition assistance for 43 million Americans who depend on this program. In 2016, 8.7 million SNAP households had at least one adult age 50 or older. As we stated in a letter sent to the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Committee on April 10, 2018, the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) is a critical part of the safety net available to lowincome families, including many older Americans and people with disabilities. It has been shown that participating in SNAP can lead to improvements in a household’s food security status, especially for those with very low food security. Categorical eligibility is essential to improving access to SNAP for lowincome Americans of all ages and must be protected, as was done in the last farm bill. Categorical eligibility advances the goals of simplifying administration, easing entry to the program for eligible households, emphasizing coordination among lowincome assistance programs, and reducing the potential for errors in establishing eligibility for benefits. Individuals who have already undergone determinations for programs such as Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TAN F) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) bypass the income and resource tests and have their SNAP benefits approved. This streamlined process leads to individuals receiving their SNAP benefits faster and reduces the number of individuals who may be facing hunger. Most individuals who receive SNAP benefits and are required to work already do work. Unfortunately, those individuals who are not working are likely to have chronic health conditions, which prevent them from holding employment. Over 1.7 million lowincome older workers have a health difficulty. Expanding work requirements for SNAP would be especially burdensome for older workers ages 50–59. Workers ages 50 and older typically take longer than younger workers to find employment after being unemployed. Denying individual’s access to SNAP benefits for up to three years for not being able to comply with tougher work requirements could increase food insecurity and likely have negative consequences on health. One recent study showed how healthcare and food insecurity causes are inexorably linked, finding the risk for hospital admissions for low blood sugar spike 27 percent in the last week of the month as compared to the first week of the month when food and SNAP budgets of lowincome populations have often been exhausted. We urge you, as this bill heads into mark up, to protect the critical assistance that SNAP provides and preserve the program’s ability to carry out its important mission in providing nutrition to America’s vulnerable populations. We ask you to work in a bipartisan manner, bringing all perspectives to the table, and prioritizing the needs of the individuals being served. If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to me. Sincerely, JOYCE A. R OGERS , Senior Vice President, Government Affairs. CONSORTIUM FOR CITIZENS  
WITH DISABILITIES , Washington, DC, April 17, 2018. Re H.R. 2, Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018 (Farm Bill) Hon. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, House Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. Hon. COLLIN C. P ETERSON , Ranking Member, House Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN CONAWAY AND RANKING  MEMBER PETERSON : On behalf of the Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities (CCD) Poverty Ad Hoc Task Force, we urge you to continue the longstanding bipartisan commitment to protect and strengthen the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) by rejecting proposals to restrict eligibility, reduce benefits, cap or reduce funding, or make harmful structural changes to SNAP in the Farm Bill. CCD is the largest coalition of national organizations working together to advocate for federal public policy that ensures the selfdetermination, independence, empowerment, integration and inclusion of children and adults with disabilities in all aspects of society. In the United States, all too often food insecurity and disability go together. Families that include people with disabilities are two to three more likely to experience food insecurity than families that have no members with disabilities. Similarly, people experiencing food insecurity have increased likelihood of chronic illness and disability. SNAP is vitally important for people with disabilities and their families. By increasing access to adequate, nutritious food SNAP plays a key role in reducing hunger and helping people with disabilities to maximize their health and participate in their communities. Using an inclusive definition of ‘‘disability,’’ in 2015 an estimated 11 million people with disabilities of all ages received SNAP, representing roughly one in four SNAP participants. Roughly 4.4 million households with non elderly adults with disabilities received SNAP in 2016. Nonelderly adults with disabilities who receive SNAP have very low incomes, averaging only about $12,000 per year in 2016. SNAP benefits are extremely modest, averaging $187 per month for nonelderly people with disabilities in 2016—or just $6 per day. Existing SNAP time limits are harsh, unfair, and harm many people with disabilities and their families by cutting off essential food assistance. Federal law currently limits SNAP eligibility for adults between the ages of 18 to 49 without dependents to just three months out of every three years—unless they can engage in work or job training activities at least half time, or qualify for an exemption. These provisions cut off food assistance at a time when people need it most and do not result in increased employment and earnings. At least 500,000 lowincome individuals nationwide lost SNAP in 2016 due to this time limit. Many people with disabilities are already hurt by SNAP time limits, despite existing exemptions for people who receive governmental or private benefits on the basis of a disability or are able to document that they are ‘‘physically or mentally unfit for employment.’’ For example, in a study of SNAP participants subject to time limits referred to participate in work activities in Franklin County, Ohio, onethird reported a ‘‘physical or mental limitation’’. Cutting off food assistance from SNAP would only make it harder for people to work and increase their economic selfsufficiency. We strongly oppose any action that 
would cut off or reduce SNAP benefits, narrow eligibility, or force more people to navigate harsh and unnecessary program rules, including people with disabilities and their families. In particular, we are concerned that the draft Farm Bill released last week includes a number of provisions that would harm people with disabilities and their families. Small increases in the proposed bill are insufficient to make up for significant benefit reductions. New work requirements with highly punitive rules would cut off SNAP benefits for many people—including in families with children, adults, and seniors with disabilities. It may seem simple to assert that ‘‘people with disabilities will be exempt,’’ but converting such a statement into an effective policy process is complicated, expensive, and fundamentally flawed. Many people with disabilities receive SNAP, but do not meet SNAP’s statutory definitions of ‘‘disability’’ or have not been so identified. Under SNAP, states have no obligation to help people prove they are exempt, even if they have difficulty obtaining the necessary records or verification from a doctor. In addition, states are under no obligation to ensure that people with disabilities have access to the full array of services they might need to work—such as accessible transportation, supported employment, and personal care aid services. People with disabilities often want to work, but need additional supports and services to obtain and keep jobs, in addition to facing discrimination and misconceptions about their ability to work. Underfunded work programs would be woefully inadequate to meet training needs. Proposed new investments in SNAP employment and training programs—funded in large part by benefit cuts—amount to only about $30 per person per month. This amount would be grossly insufficient to provide adequate employment services for people subject to proposed new work requirements, including jobseekers with disabilities. New reporting requirements would create major hurdles to benefits. Proposed new reporting requirements related to eligibility, employment and training, and time limits would be extremely difficult for many people with disabilities to navigate and comply with. For example, ending a decadesold simplification measure and instead requiring people to share utility bills with the SNAP office—or else, see their benefits reduced—is harsh, unnecessary, and burdensome both for SNAP participants and states. If Congress wishes to explore meaningful opportunities for SNAP participants to increase selfsufficiency through employment, we recommend awaiting the results of the Employment & Training pilot projects authorized under the 2014 Farm Bill. The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) awarded pilot grants in 2015, all 10 state programs are operational, and evaluation activities will operate through 2021. Already, a number of pilot states have cited multiple barriers faced by participants, including ‘‘health issues.’’ It will be important for USDA and the evaluators to carefully explore the experiences and outcomes of people with disabilities and their families in these pilot programs. Congress should await the final pilot evaluations before considering any changes in these areas. We call on you to reconsider proposals that would weaken SNAP’s effectiveness as our nation’s foremost antihunger program by limiting access, reducing benefits, and creating administrative hurdles. We urge all Members to vote no on the draft Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018 released last week, and instead to work on a bipartisan basis to strengthen and protect SNAP as part of the Farm Bill. Sincerely, CCD POVERTY ADHOC TASKFORCE COCHAIRS : LISAEKMAN , National Organization of Social Security Claimants’ Representatives. CHRIS RODRIGUEZ , National Disability Institute. T.J. SUTCLIFFE , The Arc of the United States. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I could spend hours pointing out the bad provisions in this bill, but I’ll close by once again urging this Republican leadership to stop their attacks on those living in poverty. Pull this bill. Pull this awful bill. Let’s work together to craft a bipartisan farm bill that supports our farmers and our nutrition programs. Let’s advance a bill that we can all be proud of. Negotiate a bipartisan bill. Stop insisting on this $23 billion cut to SNAP benefits. Let’s pass a good farm bill, not this partisan nightmare. Mr. Speaker, I urge the Republican leadership in this Congress to join with us to end hunger now. Stop trying to make hunger worse. Let’s join together and end hunger now. It is our moral imperative. 
PATH TO DEBT CRISIS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, in December we adopted one of the most important tax reform laws in our Nation’s history. It is producing higher wages, better job opportunities, and greater economic expansion than we have seen in a decade. But having cut taxes, we assumed an urgent responsibility to restrain spending. Taxes and debt are two sides of the same coin. A debt is simply a future tax. Once we have spent a dollar, we have already decided to tax it, either now or in the future. It is the spending that is the problem. Three numbers— 26, 29, and 46—tell the whole story. Over the last 10 years, population and inflation have increased a combined 26 percent. Our revenues have more than kept pace, increasing 29 percent. The problem is that third number. Our spending has grown 46 percent. We are now approaching a trillion dollar annual deficit with $21 trillion of total debt. This not only crowds out capital that would otherwise be used for economic expansion; it also produces staggering interest costs on that debt, which today amount to $475 billion a year. Our total defense spending this year is roughly $675 billion. Every 1 percent increase in interest rates adds roughly $200 billion to our annual interest costs. If capital markets believe we have no plan and no inclination to control our spending, they could soon begin demanding higher rates to compensate their added risk. That is a debt spiral. It leads to a debt crisis. Pension systems implode, basic services falter, the economy collapses, and the population flees. Puerto Rico’s debt crisis has left its Government completely helpless to respond to last year’s hurricanes. The instrument required to prevent this from happening is the Federal budget. It is supposed to set limits on discretionary and mandatory spending and to provide a streamlined process to adjust statutes to meet those levels. The deadline for Congress to pass such a budget was April 15. To date, the House Budget Committee has done precisely nothing to fulfill this statutory requirement and this fiscal imperative. Nothing. The Constitution gives to the House the power of the purse. A dollar is not spent by this government unless the House says it gets spent. Two months ago, having cut taxes, the House has approved a 20 percent increase in discretionary spending, placing us on a path that will inexorably lead to a sovereign debt crisis. And the House Budget Committee, over the objections of myself and others, has done nothing to produce a plan to get us off that path. b1030 Fortunately, the Republican Study Committee, the largest caucus in the Congress, has stepped forward to offer a comprehensive budget for fiscal year 2019. I chair the Budget and Spending Task Force of the RSC, and I want to thank the many Members and staff who provided countless hours to produce it. The RSC budget is, at present, the only credible and comprehensive plan in Congress to turn us back toward fiscal solvency before it is too late, getting us back to balance by 2026. It combines the fiscal reforms proposed by the members of the RSC over the last several sessions, along with innovations and service delivery proposed by the CBO, the GAO, the administration, and by think tanks like Heritage Foundation and Mercatus. It shows, program by program, how we can reform them in a manner that produces more effective service delivery at a much lower cost, save Medicare and Social Security from impending collapse, and fully fund our Nation’s defense. Yes, it gores every sacred cow in the Federal bureaucracy, and we will hear howls of protest from the partisans of the status quo; but we are running out of time, and we are running out of options. Those same voices have placed us on a collision course with bankruptcy, and countries that bankrupt themselves aren’t around very long. A sovereign debt crisis is coming to America, and at our current rate of spending and borrowing, it could be coming very soon. I implore the House 
leadership to allow this budget to be brought at once to the floor and at least give the House the fleeting and perhaps final chance to avert the fiscal crisis that looms before us. Given the fact that there is no credible plan even being considered to avert this crisis, the RSC budget may represent the last best hope of restoring our government to solvency and assuring that we can continue to provide for the common defense and promote the general welfare for ourselves and our posterity. 
PHILIPS LIGHTING FACTORY CLOSING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, earlier this year, I stood in Fall River, Massachusetts, and told our country the story of that proud and resilient city. Today, for nearly 200 working families, that resilience is being tested because, this week, after celebrating $342 million in profits, Philips Lighting announced that they would be closing their factory in Fall River and moving those jobs to Mexico. Almost 200 loyal, lifelong employees are left behind, careers upended, savings lost. Mortgages, healthcare bills, tuition payments will be missed. For the 61yearold worker who is near retirement and paying off his daughter’s student loans, a meager investment in workforce retraining is not worth all that much. For the countless workers who sit around dining room tables in southeastern Massachusetts tonight trying to figure out how their family budget can absorb impossible cuts, bland lip service given by this White House yesterday means nothing. But that is not even the whole story. Philips Lighting shareholders are being showered with $187.4 million in stock buybacks because of Donald Trump’s tax plan. Make no mistake, that is the legacy of this tax bill: working families that are left sorting through the wreckage while CEOs bask in windfalls; lights turned off on empty American factory floors while shareholders grin around boardroom tables; success somehow defined in dividends and return on investment rather than in jobs, in paychecks, in families supported, retirements earned, and dreams realized. Yes, Fall River is a unique city, but across this country, other families and communities find themselves in the same impossible place as economic afterthoughts in a Republican economy increasingly tilted towards the privileged and the powerful with a government that refuses to hear their voices. 
HONORING SALSA SOKOLSKI The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate a constituent from Warren County who has a truly remarkable story, an American story. Salsa Ananda Catherina grew up in rural Indonesia on the central island of Java. She was raised by her grandmother and uncle and lived in a house without electricity, where water came from an underground spring. Salsa left home at age 16 to go to work for Sony TV in Malaysia. Most of the money she made was sent home to help her family, primarily for her brother and his four children, but also to her uncle, who helped raise her. Salsa moved to Hong Kong at the age of 26 to work with families. She helped raise children, did cooking and general housekeeping. Again, most of the money she made was sent back to Indonesia to help her family survive. It was in Hong Kong that Salsa taught herself how to speak English, and, today, she not only speaks English fluently, but she is also fluent in more than six languages, all of them self taught. It was in Hong Kong that Salsa met her future husband, Lincoln Sokolski, who was there on business. Lincoln is president of WhirleyDrinkWorks! in Warren, Pennsylvania. The pair dated long distance for 5 years, and in 2010, Salsa came to the United States on a fiancee visa. Salsa and Lincoln were married in Warren on July 10, 2010, on the beautiful grounds of the Crary Museum. Salsa’s first job was as a volunteer at the Warren County YMCA. She helped greet guests and performed other customer service responsibilities. A year later, Salsa had done something she had never done before: she learned to drive. She obtained her driver’s license and started working at Blair, in the packaging area. Salsa had never driven a car prior to moving to the United States. She would soon take a job at WhirleyDrinkWorks! in the office performing administrative functions, communications, and human resources. In her more than 5 years at Whirley DrinkWorks!, she has become a highly valued and respected teammate. Salsa has also been recognized for her teamwork, positive attitude, and always coming to work with the highest integrity and loyalty to the company. In 2013, Salsa graduated from the yearlong Leadership Warren program, which is designed to educate future leaders on how to work with nonprofit organizations and help them achieve sustained success. One key project her team took on was to help teach disadvantaged children how to read. Salsa and Lincoln are very active in giving back to the community with their time, leadership, and personal resources to help make Warren County a better place to live and work. Among the organizations the Sokolskis have worked with include the Warren YMCA, the United Fund of Warren County, Struthers Library Theatre, Warren General Hospital, Salvation Army, and numerous others. Mr. Speaker, Salsa Sokolski’s story doesn’t end there. On February 2, 2018, Salsa achieved one of her greatest accomplishments, something she considers to be her highest honor—she became a U.S. citizen. Mr. Speaker, I want to remark on what an incredible person Salsa Sokolski is. From working hard to take care of her family, to teaching herself more that six languages and giving back to her community, Salsa truly is impressive. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Salsa on achieving her American citizenship. I am proud to call her a fellow American. 
103RD ANNIVERSARY OF THE ARMENIAN GENOCIDE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ) for 5 minutes. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, the world marked the 103rd anniversary of the Armenian Genocide, the systematic murder of 1.5 million Armenians and the displacement of millions more in the Ottoman Empire from 1915 to 1923. In my district in Los Angeles, I joined tens of thousands of descendants of genocide survivors and others to march through the streets, a living testament to the resilience of the Armenian people. Yet, in our Nation’s Capital, the White House and Congress were once again sadly silent, failing to properly recognize the genocide. More than a century after the Armenian Genocide, it is our solemn responsibility to remember those who were lost, to seek justice and restitution, and to educate Americans and the world about the crime of genocide. A recent poll of Americans found that the details of the Holocaust are increasingly fading from memory, particularly among younger generations. Twothirds of millennials do not know what Auschwitz is or what happened there, and many others of all ages couldn’t answer basic questions about the Holocaust. As someone who lost family members in the Holocaust, I find these results horrifying. There is no doubt that public understanding of the Armenian Genocide is far lower, and that is due, in part, to the silence of those who should be leading the conversation about it and to Turkey’s nefarious campaign of denial. How many Americans know of Red Sunday, the day in 1915 in which Armenian leaders and intellectuals in Constantinople were rounded up to be sent to camps from which many would never return? How many know of the concentration camps in Deir ezZor, where Armenians were tortured, raped, and starved? How many Americans know that, in the years after the genocide, through 
the Near East Relief effort, the generosity of the American people saved the lives of thousands of survivors and helped secure the future of the Armenian people? And finally, how many Americans know that the Congress and the President have refused to acknowledge the Armenian Genocide, intimidated into silence by Turkey? Turkey has invested heavily in the cause of denial, and to our shame, the U.S. Government has been intimidated into silence. Though Turkey remains a member of NATO, under the autocratic and repressive rule of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey has become the leading jailer of journalists in the world and discussion of the genocide can bring criminal punishment. U.S. citizens have also been the victims of Erdogan’s crackdown on free expression. Last year, Erdogan’s security detail brutally assaulted peaceful protesters in Washington, D.C. Charges against 11 of the 15 Turkish nationals charged have been dropped, and there is little indication that Turkey will pay any diplomatic price for this attack. In northern Syria, where the United States has worked closely with partners to devastate ISIS, Turkey has chosen to place its paramount focus on fighting the Kurds, even launching a military offensive into Syria that threatens our own soldiers and those of our allies. Erdogan has even gone so far as to threaten the United States with an ‘‘Ottoman slap.’’ These are not the actions of an ally. They are the actions of a nation that feels emboldened to act with indifference to the United States. And who can blame them? For over a quarter century, Presidents and Congresses of both parties have been bullied into genocide denial for fear Turkey will withdraw their already transactional and fleeting cooperation. It has never been in our national security interest to be complicit in another country’s denial of human rights, let alone denial of genocide. It is time for America to speak plainly about the Armenian Genocide and the violation of human rights anywhere in the world. 
IMPOSING NEW SANCTIONS ON HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL) for 5 minutes. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. SCHIFF , for his remarks on genocide and turning our back on the facts that we find around the world. I really appreciate his thoughts. I want to rise today and talk to my colleagues and the American people about the atrocities in Syria and call on my colleagues in the Senate to expeditiously vote on a bill authored here in the House by the ranking member on the Foreign Affairs Committee, ELIOT ENGEL , H.R. 1677, the Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act of 2017. This legislation imposes new sanctions on human rights abusers in the sad state of affairs in Syria and those who facilitate the Assad regime’s atrocities, and it encourages negotiations to bring about a lasting political solution there. It also authorizes the State Department to support entities that are collecting and preserving the chain of evidence for the eventual prosecution of those who have committed war crimes and crimes against humanity in Syria since March of 2011. The world has witnessed many generational examples of butchery and genocide by menaces, including Hitler, Stalin, Pol Pot, and many others. But in the last 7 years, the world has allowed us to recognize a new name for evil and cruelty in this millennium: Bashar al Assad and his henchmen. For the last 7 years, the world has expressed outrage, yet twiddled their thumbs while this modernday Hitler annihilates the civilian population of Syria. b1045 Systematically, leader Assad has savagely directed the bombing, bludgeoning, gassing, electrocution, and torture of his people. Saddam Hussein’s use of chemical weapons in the 1980s against Iran appears tame in comparison to the calculated bombing of weaponized chlorine and sarin dropped into children’s hospitals, medical facilities, and villages across Syria. I am grateful that, after a little thumb twiddling from the prior administration, the Trump administration has galvanized our allies against this genocide and has taken action to stop the use of chemical weapons against the Syrian people. I call on the Senate to act with expedition and pass the Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act, and finally help obtain the kind of documentation that we need, Mr. Speaker, to end this step back into darkness and convict Assad and his coconspirators and his enablers of war crimes. VILONIA STUDENTS RETURNING LOST ITEMS  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a group of students in Vilonia, Arkansas, who are collecting personal items lost after the devastating tornado that hit their town 4 years ago. Erin Rappold, the teacher who created this project, was inspired after finding a baby picture in the debris. Over the last 4 years, the students have collected 90,000 items, and only have about 2,000 left to be claimed. They launched their own website to help people reunite with their photos, their birth certificates, and their education diplomas. A memorial dedication planned by those students will be held Friday, at 10 a.m., to remember the victims of the 2011 and 2014 tornadoes. In the face of tragedy, these students have furnished us with an inspirational model for solidarity and hope. I applaud Ms. Rappold and these courageous students for their efforts and dedication to the Vilonia community. f 
SNAP CUTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ) for 5 minutes. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise again today to decry the majority’s war on the poor, especially those women who get up every single day and struggle as mothers, often are caretakers for elderly parents, who are juggling two and three minimum wage jobs at $7.25 an hour to take care of their families, and then being told that they are welfare cheats because they need assistance from programs like the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program in order to meet basic food needs. The last time I checked, Mr. Speaker, food was not a luxury, but a basic life necessity. In a few weeks, this House will take up a bill which has been designated H.R. 2, an enumeration which reflects the majority’s priorities. Now, as you recall, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1 was reserved for the over $1 trillion tax giveaway we gave to corporations and to the wealthy. And as has been noted earlier in our morning hour, we are facing a sovereign debt crisis because that bill will thrust us into trillions of dollars of debt in the future. So what does H.R. 2 do? H.R. 2 makes very harmful changes to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, cutting $23 billion in funding, reducing eligibility, and to generate resentment against the poor so that these draconian cuts will be tolerated by the public. After all, we have to pay for H.R. 1 some kind of way, so H.R. 2 is the solution. The numerous ideological and unproven policies that simply stigmatize and punish the poor are what constitutes H.R. 2, along with the $23 billion cut. Now, just let me say, Mr. Speaker, I want to remind you that the majority of SNAP participants are children, seniors, and people with disabilities. These are individuals who will not be part of any workforce. No matter how mean spirited you decide to be, Mr. Speaker, and no matter how many of these ill advised work policies you put in place, a 7yearold cannot work; someone disabled cannot work; someone 68, 69 years old may not be able to find a job that an employer will provide for them. And of the rest of those who receive SNAP, let’s talk about the facts. More than half of SNAP households have at least one working age disabled adult in it while receiving SNAP. More than 80 percent work in the year before or after receiving SNAP. Work rates are even higher for families with children where more than 60 percent work. Work, Mr. Speaker, while receiving SNAP. Yet, we have H.R. 2, which requires work requirements. And yet, we talk about how to extend and make the 
safety net better for farmers in our farm bill. But here comes more proposals to restrict eligibility, reduce benefits, cap or reduce funding, and alter SNAP’s core purpose—to help struggling Americans when tough times hit—and tough times are right now, Mr. Speaker. The fact is that for lowincome families, every single dollar counts, no matter where these families live. If they are urban families, they are rural families, tens of millions of Americans who are old and young, hunger sees no gender, race, religion, or culture. And, Mr. Speaker, there are hungry Republicans as well. I just want to send a reality check to our colleagues who are running around the country praising their tax cuts for the wealthy. Poverty and joblessness remains a stark reality in our country, and the populations that have the highest levels of poverty and unemployment, including older Americans, are the ones most affected. Punishing disadvantaged families will not break the grip of poverty. Mr. Speaker, I urge us to reject these cuts. 
CELEBRATING 80TH BIRTHDAY OF BOB CASHELL The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MITCHELL ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. AMODEI ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the birthday of a Nevada icon. I am sure you all recall that the State of Nevada turned 150 a few years ago, and that the Biggest Little City in the World, Reno, is turning 150. Well, Bob Cashell, former University of Nevada regent, former Nevada lieutenant governor, and former mayor of the city of Reno, is past the halfway point in catching the State of Nevada and the city of Reno at 150. He is 80, four score. A native of the Lone Star State, like many Nevadans, Bob got to Nevada as fast as he could. A leader in Nevada’s gaming resort industry, an A list philanthropist, and a blue chip public servant, he has done some great work as a Nevadan. Of course, he owes all of his success, and his defiance of the actuarial tables, to his wife Nancy, who has performed miracles during their lifelong partnership of transforming this pilgrim from Texas into a special part of Nevada’s fabric. Thank you, Nancy. And happy birthday to you, Mr. Mayor, for life. Bob Cashell is 80. 
MUELLER INVESTIGATION MUST CONTINUE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, once again, I rise because I love my country. Mr. Speaker, I rise because I want to thank the President and compliment the President. I thank the President for indicating this morning that he will not—NOT—will not interfere with the Mueller investigation. He said as much on national TV. I compliment him for saying this, Mr. Speaker, because if he does so in contravention of Article II, section 4 of the Constitution, it would be tantamount to impeachment. So, I compliment you, Mr. President, for being forthright, and I assume you meant what you said. However, you went on to say: ‘‘I may change my mind.’’ Mr. Speaker, I trust that the President meant what he said initially, and that he will not change his mind. Because, again, to do so in contravention of Article II, section 4 of the Constitution will be tantamount to impeachment. The only body in this country that can litigate impeachment is the Congress of the United States of America. As a result, Mr. Speaker, I want to assure all—especially the President—if you do this, Mr. President, I assure you there will be articles of Impeachment brought before the Congress of the United States of America. Now, Mr. President, I am in no rush to do this. As a matter of fact, I don’t enjoy using the personal pronoun when it comes to this kind of dialogue— monologue, in this case, as I am talking directly to you. But, Mr. President, if no one else does, I will. I will not allow the Constitution to be ignored and, to a certain extent, trampled upon. I will bring the Articles of Impeachment. As a matter of fact, I have instructed my staff to draft them. They will be ready to go. I also have instructed my staff to tweet this message that if you do so, Mr. President, if you interfere in contravention of Article II, section 4, I will bring the Articles of Impeachment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair. f 
HONORING COLONEL STAN CASS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. BUCK) for 5 minutes. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Colonel Stan Cass, United States Army, retired. Colonel Cass passed away on April 14, at the age of 84. Born in Weld County, Colorado, to a family of farmers, Colonel Cass graduated from Briggsdale High School and attended West Point. After brief stints in Germany and France, Stan began his first tour of duty in Vietnam as a helicopter pilot, dangerously traversing the skies to support infantry troops. He briefly came back to the States to complete a master’s degree before returning to Vietnam to command 300 helicopters in an air cavalry fleet. After his valiant efforts in Vietnam, Colonel Cass worked in the Pentagon on the Hellfire missile system, and then returned to Weld County to take over the family farm. But he wasn’t finished serving. In 2008, he launched the northern Colorado chapter of Honor Flight, a nationwide nonprofit that transports America’s veterans for visits to our war memorials in Washington, D.C. Stan helped transport over 2,500 veterans to Washington over the past decade, giving our heroes a chance to reflect on and find closure in their wartime experiences. Like so many other families in northern Colorado, Colonel Cass very personally impacted my family. My wife, Perry, has volunteered for the organization, and my fatherinlaw, Bill, has gone on one of those flights as a veteran. They both have been alongside Colonel Cass and meeting some of the amazing veterans living in our community. Their humility, endurance, and wisdom have taught us so much. Colonel Cass dedicated his life to this country and the men and women who serve it. I offer my condolences to his wife, Cecily, the rest of his family, and everyone in our community who had the chance to know this humble, incredible human being. I know there are many. RECOGNIZING RANDY BANGERT  
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Randy Bangert, editor of the Greeley Tribune newspaper. On April 14, the Colorado Press Association inducted Mr. Bangert into the Hall of Fame, honoring his incredible 45year career with the paper of note in Weld County. Just 3 years ago, he earned the Newspaper Person of the Year Award from the same association. The Greeley Tribune is a reflection of Randy, conducting itself with class and dignity. His goal is to equip the public with knowledge so that citizens can make things right in their community. b1100 Randy never shies away from telling the truth. If he disagrees with one of my positions, he lets me know it, and he lets everyone else know it, too, in his editorial that day. But Randy’s critiques are always fair and respectful. He wants to build consensus to make our community, State, and country a better place. We need more people who believe in civility in our public discourse like Randy. Randy also cares deeply about his community. I know this, because I see him everywhere around town. This is what makes him such a good newspaper editor. He knows who he works for, the people, and he listens to them. But last year Randy received some bad news. He faces the toughest battle so far in his life—cancer. The thing about Randy is we know how he is fighting it. It is the same way he ran 
the newspaper. He is feisty, passionate, caring, and optimistic. I pray for Randy and his family in this challenging time, and I pray for our community, as others step up in the big shoes they must now fill as Randy transitions to the editor emeritus role. Randy’s induction into the Colorado Hall of Fame is important. I congratulate him on this incredible honor, but what seems more important is the impact he has had on our community. I thank him today for the way he has shaped Greeley and Weld County. That impact will never be forgotten. 
FARM BILL AND SNAP The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLEAVER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by saying that there are a lot of things in this farm bill that I actually agree with, and I would like to be supportive of such components of this bill. I agree with and would like to be a partner in getting this bill passed. However, there are some things I need to mention. For the last 50 years, Democrats and Republicans have worked together to combine food and farming programs in a bipartisan effort. However, when discussing the 2018 farm bill, which will come up for a vote very soon, I want to shed some light on some things that don’t quite add up, some things that aren’t what I would call common sense. In essence, this bill aims to restrict eligibility and reduce benefits of the Nation’s most effective antihunger program, SNAP, formerly known as food stamps. Moreover, this proposed bill dumps a massive burden on State governments. Therefore, although I intend to be an active partner in the final passage of this legislation, I cannot and will not support the 2018 farm bill until the necessary changes are made. If enacted, this bill, as it is currently designed, will deal damaging blows to the very heart of America by cutting nearly $20 billion from SNAP, resulting in higher levels of hunger, poverty, and critical health problems. I want to take just a minute to remind my colleagues and those who are watching at home who the SNAP recipients are. In my home State of Missouri, SNAP reached 759,000 residents, more than 10 percent of the population. That is 1 in every 10 Missourians. SNAP kept 221,000 people out of poverty in Missouri, including 109,000 children, which reminds me—and this is the painful part of being in a body that has now become tribal in the way we conduct business, and it is so sad that we have come into this situation. Over and over and over there is this theory that is floated out in America that people are stealing food stamps and living in luxury homes and all of this; and it is just so sad because, when you hear something like this for decades, people actually believe it. There is no proof to what they say when they make these allegations. It may be important to know that 82 percent of the places where food stamps or SNAP are redeemed, there is 0.5 percent fraud. But if you listen to people, they are not going to say it on the floor. They could go and say it out in the world, but they won’t say it on the floor, because they know that it is inaccurate, but you would come to believe that, boy, these people are ripping these hardworking Americans off. Oh, what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive. That is from Macbeth, and it is exactly what is happening. We are deceiving the American public. I read somewhere that says the generous will themselves be blessed for the food they share with the poor. That is something that we should remember, particularly those of us who are inclined to read the book from which that quote came. As Representatives of the United States of America, it is our responsibility to pass legislation that is proactive, not reactive. It is our responsibility to understand the very real and human consequences that could take place if this legislation is passed as it currently stands. Once again, let me remind you of the fact that the SNAP program is the most effective way to combat food insecurity. I know. I grew up poor. I grew up in public housing. I saw my father working three jobs to get us out of public housing. We lived there 5 years. He would not even take food stamps because he didn’t want anybody to think that he was not working hard enough. So I get a little frustrated when I hear people lying about people who receive SNAP. The fact that, in the year 2018, there are children and adults in America who go hungry is absolutely appalling. It is important to note that over 70 percent of the people who receive SNAP are the children, the disabled, and the poor. 
SMALL BUSINESS WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ARRINGTON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman, my colleague, Democratic colleague, for his comments and his personal testimony, and I respect his dad and the heritage of work that he left for his son. I am on the Agriculture Committee, and I have got to say I am confused, I am perplexed, and, quite frankly, I am outraged in many ways with some of my colleagues’ comments about work and the work requirements that we are putting in the Food Stamp program. This doesn’t have anything to do about children, about disabled people, about the elderly. This is about requiring people who are ablebodied to work who aren’t working. We are long overdue for reforms in this country. We are long overdue to have policies in place that encourage work. We want people to have the blessing and dignity of work. We want people to fulfill their Godgiven potential. We want them to contribute to society. We have 6 million jobs, surplus jobs. We want folks to make the best out of the life that God has given them for their communities, for their families, for themselves. This is unbelievable in the United States of America. We are asking that, if you receive assistance from hardworking, taxpaying Americans, you would just work 20 hours a week or volunteer or be trained to work. That is all we are asking. I see hardworking people throughout the gallery, and I bet you they feel the same way. I have seen the polls. Over 80 percent of the people in this country say more people need to work and pay taxes and contribute to this great country. I believe in the safety net. I believe in compassion. I believe that is the heart of God, and I think it should be reflected in our policies. But God also expects personal responsibility, and He expects us to have responsible policies that pull people up and out of a cycle of dependency and poverty. That is not compassion; that is not decency; and that is not common sense. So I support this farm bill, and I appreciate the tone, I really do, of my colleague. He is a gentleman, I can tell. I don’t even know him, but I can tell he is a gentleman and a statesman, but I cannot listen to folks who, in my opinion, are scaring folks in the public and my colleagues who are on the Agriculture Committee and here in the House from not voting to make responsible, reasonable, compassionate, and commonsense reforms to food stamps. We need to do that in every government assistance program. We need to pull people out of the welfare trap, and we need to equip them and encourage them and support them to be the best that they can be. I don’t know how much time I have left, Mr. Speaker, but I want to also comment on some fellow west Texans who are here in town to compete for the 2018 National Science Bowl. This week, Lubbock High School will join select schools across the country who earned the opportunity to compete at the national finals. I want to thank the Department of Energy and my fellow Texan, Secretary Rick Perry, for sponsoring this important competition. The students from Lubbock competing in this tournament are part of a national effort to ensure America continues to lead the way in science and remains the laboratory of innovation in the entire world. That is the greatness of American innovation. We want this generation to discover the cure to cancer, to solve the challenges of cybersecurity, and to push the boundaries of outer space. 
These students’ commitment to science is impressive, and I am confident that their generation will propel us to new heights of discovery that will improve the quality of life for all humanity. Congratulations again to Lubbock High School and to all the schools competing in the tournament. Go Westerners. Mr. Speaker, as I conclude, I thank Chairman CONAWAY and the leadership of the Ag Committee for providing the safety net so that we can feed and clothe the American people, so that we can make important investments in rural infrastructure for sustainable small towns, the heartbeat of this country, so that we can continue to be the leader in agriculture innovation and technology development, and so we can make the compassionate reforms to food stamps. God bless America. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from references to occupants of the gallery. 
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE FACE A CLEAR CHOICE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, the American people face a clear choice about the way forward: the Republican raw deal or the Democratic better deal. House Republicans want to take away healthcare from more than 23 million Americans—raw deal; Democrats want to strengthen the Affordable Care Act and dramatically lower the cost of prescription drugs—better deal. House Republicans have a fake infrastructure plan that will do nothing to repair our Nation’s crumbling bridges, roads, and tunnels—raw deal; Democrats have a real infrastructure plan that would invest $1 trillion and create 16 million goodpaying jobs—better deal. House Republicans passed a tax scam where 83 percent of the benefits went to the wealthiest 1 percent in America simply to subsidize the lifestyles of the rich and shameless—raw deal; Democrats want a permanent tax cut for working families so we can put more money into the pockets of everyday Americans—better deal. House Republicans want to cut more than $2 trillion from Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid—raw deal; Democrats want to strengthen Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid so that senior citizens from throughout the land can live out their golden years with grace and dignity. That is A Better Deal. House Republicans are all about chaos, crisis, and confusion; Democrats are working to deliver better jobs, better wages, and a better future. The American people deserve A Better Deal. b1115 RECOGNIZING HIGHLANDS HIGH SCHOOL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. MASSIE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize outstanding students in my district from Highlands High School in Fort Thomas. These exceptional students competed in the ‘‘We the People’’ Statelevel competition, and they will represent our State at the national competition here in D.C. this weekend. This is their 15th State championship win. The ‘‘We the People’’ program is directed by the Center for Civic Education, and its goal is to increase students’ knowledge of constitutional history and government—I think some of my colleagues could stand to participate in this program—and to provide a foundation in civics education that will prepare them for future leadership roles. The program sponsors student debates and hearings. This year, some of the national hearing questions for discussion include: What are classical republicanism and natural rights philosophy, and how did they influence the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and the Bill of Rights? How has the relationship among the three branches of government changed in the course of the history of our country? It has changed quite a bit. I am proud of my constituent students’ hard work and dedication. I wish them the very best of luck in this competition this weekend and congratulate them for their outstanding work representing the State of Kentucky. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss if I let the statements and the speech of our guest yesterday go unanswered. The President of France was here, right at this microphone, delivering his own brand of socialism. It is new and improved. We have all seen the inefficiencies of socialism play out in Europe over the decades and the horrors of national socialism. But the French President has a new brand of socialism that we are all supposed to be enamored with. I would call it global socialism, maybe even global corporate socialism. I hope none of my colleagues were seduced by his ideas. Ironically, they are motivated by fear, an irrational fear of the carbon dioxide molecule. Carbon dioxide is a necessary ingredient for all life on this planet. For instance, let me give you the equation for photosynthesis. Basically, plants take six CO2molecules and react them with six water molecules, in the presence of sunlight, to create one sugar molecule and six oxygen molecules. Take CO2off this planet, and what happens? Nearly everything dies and we die. So I think it is very interesting that this new socialism has a twist to it, this global socialism, and that is, it is motivated by an irrational fear of one of the two chemical compounds that form the basis of our food chain. Very ironic. It is also motivated by something else that the Europeans have had a penchant for for centuries, that has bankrupted nearly every country over there, and that is a penchant for war, for interventionism. Nearly all of them, at one point or time, have sought to build an empire. So the President of France was over here saying that we should also be interventionists; that we need to get involved in the Middle East more; that we need to be involved in all of the countries. I reject this. I would urge my colleagues to stick with the plan we have got. Stick with the policy that we have had since the beginning of this country. Stick with the Constitution. Stick with capitalism. Stick with the idea that if you build something you own it, and reject European socialism. f 
BRITISH OFFICIALS ARE HOLDING ALFIE EVANS CAPTIVE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, as someone who went to grade and high school in the 1970s, I learned about countries, particularly the Soviet Union and its Eastern European satellites, that severely limited the right of their people to travel. In effect, they were prisoners in their own country. Indeed, in postwar Germany, the Communists even built a wall through Berlin. They did so not to keep people from West Berlin from traveling to East Berlin; they did it to prevent the captives of East Berlin from running to freedom in the West. There is a tragic story unfolding in Britain this week of a new, virtual Berlin Wall that British and European authorities have erected around little 2 yearold Alfie Evans, who lives in Britain. They have eliminated this child’s right to travel, and they are holding him prisoner. Alfie is severely handicapped. British officials have made the decision, over the objection of Alfie’s young parents, that Alfie would be better off dead. As such, they are prohibiting Alfie’s parents from taking him to Bambino Gesu hospital in Rome, which has offered to care for the boy. Alfie is not suffering, but British officials appear to be projecting their own subjective views on Alfie’s quality of life and are deeming his life not worthy of living. Among my most heartwarming experiences in my work in my district are visits to residences of the severely handicapped. I have visited with individuals who will never walk and who will never communicate verbally. But they can and do love, and they are loved. 
For some folks in life, their calling is that simple, to love and be loved; and their presence makes us better persons. Perhaps that is Alfie’s calling, to love and be loved. Maybe those in Britain responsible for Alfie’s faith should consider that. To be clear, Alfie’s right to life does not come from Parliament; it doesn’t come from the crown; it doesn’t come from any British court. It comes from God. Mr. Speaker, the British authorities should back down. They should allow Alfie’s parents to take him to Bambino Gesu hospital in Rome. The British authorities should tear down the virtual wall they have put up around him and let him be free so he can continue to love and be loved. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 21 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER Chaplain Phil Crenshaw, Lubbock, Texas, offered the following prayer: Dear Holy Father, it is with grateful hearts we begin this day with Thee, the author and finisher of our faith. We come praying for Thy blessing for every man and woman in this assembly representing all the people of our great Nation. We recognize our inability to exist at our best without Thy supreme wisdom, for Thou hast said: ‘‘A contrite heart, O God, Thou will not despise.’’ And because of this, we seek supreme direction in the deliberation and our need for divine petition. We further recognize our imperfection and beseech Thy forgiveness when unintentional errors in judgment are forthcoming. Grant, dear Father, Thy unhindered blessing to all those assembled at this moment, remembering Thy words: ‘‘Blessed is the Nation whose God is the Lord.’’ Thank You for loving us and praying that we may in turn love You with grateful, overflowing hearts. In Jesus’ name, we pray. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. GABBARD led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING CHAPLAIN PHIL CRENSHAW The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ARRINGTON ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, the Good Book says, ‘‘a righteous man’s prayers availeth much.’’ What a prayer, Mr. Crenshaw; what a man; what a great American. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize our guest chaplain and my dear friend, Mr. Phil Crenshaw. Mr. Crenshaw’s life has taken him across the globe, from serving our country in World War II to spreading the Gospel of Jesus in places like Norway, Israel, Russia, and India. At every stop on his journey, Mr. Crenshaw’s mission has always been the same: simply to love God and serve others. While stationed in Okinawa, he ministered to marines, soldiers, and airmen, as well as over 4,000 Japanese POWs, living out God’s commandment not just to love our neighbors, but to love our enemies as well. Over the years, following his return from war, Mr. Crenshaw, along with his late wife, Ruth, to whom he was married for 66 years, opened up their home and their hearts to more than 50 young people who were in need of a place to stay, some of them orphans. At 95, Mr. Crenshaw is the last living chaplain’s assistant from World War II, and he still lives every day to the fullest, serving our community and serving the Lord with all his body, soul, and strength. Mr. Crenshaw, your life of personal sacrifice and faithful service to our country and to the Kingdom of God is an inspiration to all of us. We are all honored to have you here this day. God bless you, Mr. Crenshaw; God bless the country you fought for and served; and, go, West Texas. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to stand before you today to celebrate National Small Business Week. With 30 million small businesses in the country, and nearly 280,000 of those in Utah, I was proud to join with my colleagues on the Small Business Committee to coauthor H. Res. 840 to recognize the vital role of small businesses. 
It should come as no surprise that Utah is consistently ranked among the best in the Nation for innovative startups and small businesses. In fact, small businesses make up over 99 percent of Utah’s business, employ one half of all employees in the State, and are responsible for twothirds of our job growth. After spending much of my career as a scrappy smallbusiness owner myself, I strongly believe that small business is the heartbeat of our economy. From emerging tech companies in Silicon Slopes to momandpop shops in rural Utah, I am proud to salute the overwhelming impact of these small businesses. 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, for too long, companies like Purdue Pharma have lied, cheated, and swindled the American people, leaving death, addiction, and despair in their wake, all because of their greed and their desire to improve their bottom line. Through marketing lies and overdistribution of these dangerously addictive drugs, they have oversaturated parts of our country already struggling from high levels of addiction, while knowing but not disclosing their highly addictive nature and risks. Because of their tactics, this opioid epidemic now takes 115 American lives every single day. The time for holding these drug companies and their leaders accountable is long overdue. These companies rake in billions of dollars in profit every year on the backs of the American people, and not one of them has been prosecuted or held accountable. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting bicameral legislation, the Opioid Crisis Accountability Act, that would prohibit illegal marketing and distribution of opioids and empower prosecutors to punish those who break the law. We cannot allow perpetrators of this epidemic to continue ruining lives in this country. We must hold those responsible accountable for the damage, heartache, and suffering they have caused. 
WELCOMING SETH PARRISH TO CAPITOL FOR TAKE YOUR CHILDREN TO WORK DAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today there are a lot of boys and girls in the Capitol who are dressed for success and ready to get to work. Of course, I am talking about Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day. While my three sons are grown and my oldest has children of his own, I do have the privilege of having Seth Lewis Parrish with me today. Seth lives in Maryland, and thanks to the nonprofit Tuesday’s Children, he gets to spend the day with me; or, rather, I get to spend the day with him. This is my second year in a row with my friend, Seth. I have had the privilege of hosting him for our Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day. Mr. Speaker, in 2009, Seth’s dad was serving in the Army and lost his life a month and 2 days, Seth tells me, before he was born. Tuesday’s Children uses its experience and expertise to help our military families work through their own losses. April is also the Month of the Military Child, so it is even more of an honor for me to have Seth here again with me today. He is a great young man with a bright future. He is a Cub Scout, hockey player, flag football player, and great kid. f 
TRUMP JUNK PLANS (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to call attention to the rule that the Trump administration is expected to release shortly, which will allow fake, shortterm health insurance plans to be sold. During the 115th Congress, the Republican majority has taken every action possible to undermine and sabotage the Affordable Care Act. I expect these new regulations will be no different. No matter how the Trump administration and our majority try to sell shortterm insurance plans to the American people, the devil is in the details. These junk plans are just that: junk. According to the Kaiser Family Foundation report, these plans are likely to exclude coverage for preexisting conditions and not cover essential services such as maternity care, mental health, and substance abuse treatment and prescription drugs. The people need to know what is covered when they buy that insurance and what is not covered when they get sick. AARP, the American Heart Association, the American Medical Association, and many other health and patient advocacy organizations have urged the President to withdraw this proposed rule. I ask my colleagues to join me and ask President Trump to withdraw this harmful rule. 
HONORING DR. RANDY STITH (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor today to recognize a truly great citizen of Aurora, Colorado, Dr. Randy Stith. As the executive director and CEO of Aurora Mental Health Center for over 40 years, Randy has exemplified the qualities of a great Colorado leader throughout his entire career. He has spent the last four decades providing access to mental healthcare to those in the greater Aurora area, often committing to 60hour work weeks, while keeping uptodate in the behavioral healthcare field, which is constantly evolving. Randy has been a true trailblazer in championing the expansion of mental healthcare, as it has rapidly progressed as part of the healthcare industry, especially over the past 50 years. He has served his community valiantly through triumph and tragedy, most notably, offering free counseling through the Aurora Mental Health Center to anyone in the Aurora area who had been impacted by the 2012 theater mass shooting. Randy’s commitment to serving his patients, as well as his community, will be difficult to replace. However, I know that the entire Aurora community takes great pride in knowing that we have civic leaders such as Randy who are locally active. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my sincere congratulations to Dr. Randy Stith, and to the entire staff of the Aurora Mental Health Center, for their tireless and unwavering commitment to offering excellent mental healthcare services to the people of Aurora, Colorado, over the last 40 years. f 
b1215 A BETTER DEAL (Mr. EVANS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, the GOP is consumed by chaos and confusion. My fellow Democrats and I are focused on delivering better jobs, better wages, and a better future for hardworking Americans in Philadelphia and neighbors nationwide. When it comes to childcare, the Republicans are offering a raw deal for our future leaders. We must protect, defend, and provide for the American children. That means better childcare, healthcare, and education. I am a firm believer that quality preK for our kids is an investment in the continued success of our cities. That is exactly what we have seen in the city of Philadelphia, a city I have been proud to call home my entire life. Mayor Kenney’s preK initiative in our city is making quality, reliable preK a reality for all kids. I have visited several early education providers: KenCrest, the Parent Infant Center, and Smart Beginnings. I can tell you firsthand that the services they offer are building a stronger city. As your voice in Congress, please know I am working hard to deliver a better deal for our children and families, and that means to ensure preK for our children. Together we can build and level the playing field for a stronger Philadelphia block by block and a better place for all. 
TECHNOLOGY REDUCES EMISSIONS (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, to ensure environmental progress, we must let technology lead the way. However, the liberal media often ignores news about innovations that would mitigate climate change. A recent report by the Environmental Protection Agency shows that U.S. greenhouse gas emissions have declined by 11 percent since 2005. No other industrialized country has made so much progress. Investor’s Business Daily points out in an editorial, ‘‘How U.S. Slashed CO2,’’ that breakthroughs in technology, and not onesizefitsall regulations, are the reason for U.S. success in reducing emissions. The IBD article also notes that many countries that signed the Paris accord continue to increase their emissions. Instead of innovating, these countries are regulating. Regulations set impossible targets for carbon emissions and have little impact on the environment. The media should report on technological innovations that address climate change. Instead, they use scare tactics to promote more government regulations and government control of the economy. 
INTERNATIONAL CHART DAY (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, today I am introducing a resolution to recognize April 26 as International Chart Day, a celebration of charts, data visualization, and infographics of all types. An American public that is better equipped to understand what goes in a good chart will be better equipped to spot and discard fake news. In news reporting and academia, the use of properly sourced and formatted charts help explain complex issues. Charts help the brain discern patterns and trends that large amounts of data often hide. The goal of International Chart Day is to study the history of data visualization, celebrate innovations in infographics, and encourage wider adoption of their use across society. My colleagues and I in Congress are prolific creators of charts, many of which are archived on the excellent blog ‘‘Floor Charts,’’ curated by William Gray. If you are interested in joining in on the celebration, please share your favorite charts online and use #chartday. 
HONORING TAMMIE JO SHULTS (Ms. MCSALLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Tammie Jo Shults, the Southwest Airlines captain who heroically and expertly landed the damaged Boeing 737 last week. She saved 148 lives through her courage, skill, professionalism, and nerves of steel. We also mourn the death of Jennifer Riordan, who was killed by the immediate effects of this mishap. Tammie Jo Shults was a hero long before this successful emergency landing. Captain Shults was one of the first female fighter pilots for the U.S. Navy and one of the first to fly the F/A–18. Although she was never allowed to fly in combat, she became an aggressive pilot and an instructor. Tammie Jo reminds us that the airplane doesn’t care whether you have ovaries or not, as long as you have the qualifications and training to complete the mission. That is why, Mr. Speaker, I introduced a resolution on Monday to commend Captain Tammie Jo Shults for her unflappable courage that saved so many lives and for paving the way for women in the military and commercial aviation to finally fly in combat and lead as equals. Generations of women can fight for freedom and save lives, like she did, because of her. Thanks for leading the way, Tammie Jo, for all of us. 
GOP TAX SCAM (Mr. YARMUTH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer a reallife account of the raw deal Republicans gave the American people with their GOP tax scam. Dennis, a retired constituent of mine from Louisville, who still works part time, recently wrote a letter to the CourierJournal newspaper. He stated: ‘‘The socalled tax cut for the middle class is going to cost me an estimated $600 more in taxes in 2018.’’ Dennis pays his taxes quarterly, which is why he did these calculations now. He added in part: ‘‘I urge people to look into this socalled great tax break for the middle class. This might change your mind on the current Members of Congress that have been misleading you to thinking they are actually working to help you, unless you are one of the big donors!’’ Dennis isn’t alone. By the time this scam is fully implemented, more than 80 million middle class families will see their taxes increase. That is not progress. That is a ripoff. 
AIR MARSHALS PROGRAM (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, yesterday’s New York Times carried a story headlined ‘‘Scandals and Investigations, but Few Arrests, for Air Marshals Program.’’ In fact, in the most recent 10year period that was studied, 148 air marshals were arrested; and throughout the history of this program, there have been many more air marshals arrested than there have been arrests made by air marshals. Yet, over the last 10 years, the Congress has appropriated well over $8 billion for this needless, useless program. At least 250 air marshals have been terminated for misconduct and over 400 more have resigned or retired during conduct investigations. This has to be about the easiest job in the country today. All these marshals do is fly back and forth, back and forth, on airplanes, usually or often in first class. The New York Times’ story said the program ‘‘is in such disarray that it does little to deter terrorists, many of its employees say.’’ The story also said alcohol abuse is so rampant that the TSA has had to monitor whether the armed guards show up for their shifts sober. Mr. Speaker, yet, we are going to give this needless, useless program another $800 million this year. Ridiculous. f 
ADAPT ACT (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, in 2016, more than 63,000 people died from drug overdose, more than 30,000 of these from opioids. We also know that 80 percent of heroin users started with prescription opioids. Reducing opioid related deaths will take a broad, multifaceted effort, and everyone has a role to play, including physicians. In congressional hearings and community conversations, I constantly hear that enhancing continuing education for prescribers on the risks associated with opioid medication and indications and treatment of addictive behaviors can help reduce dependence and abuse of these drugs. This week, I was proud to partner with Congresswoman SUSAN BROOKS of Indiana to introduce the bipartisan ADAPT Act. Our bill would help ensure prescribers have continuing medical education on safe prescribing, opioid risks, pain management alternatives, early detection of drug abuse, and treatment options for patients suffering from addiction. We know more about opioid addiction today than we did 20 years ago. With ongoing research, we will continue to gain new insights and understanding. We need our doctors to be equipped with the latest tools and best practices when treating patients. I urge my colleagues to join us in support of this effort to equip those on the front lines of the opioid crisis with the latest and best training to help our communities. 
HONORING CORPORAL EUGENE COLE (Mr. POLIQUIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, my fellow Mainers woke up to heartbreaking news: Corporal Eugene Cole, a deputy at Somerset County Sheriff’s Office in Norridgewock, was shot and killed in the line of duty. This horrific act was the first killing of a police officer in Maine in almost 30 years. Every day, Mr. Speaker, for 13 years, Eugene Cole put on his uniform and his equipment and set out to protect our families in Maine. Mr. Cole served central Maine with honor and integrity and a relentless sense of duty. Mr. Speaker, Maine is one of the safest places in the country to live and work and raise your kids, and that is because of heroes like Eugene Cole. I am so grateful for his work and his sacrifice. On behalf of all of my fellow Mainers, Mr. Speaker, I send our deepest sympathies to the family of Eugene Cole. I will be praying for them during this very, very difficult time. 
THE NEXT VA SECRETARY (Mr. BANKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of our Nation’s veterans. Over the last 16 months, this Congress and President have made tremendous progress for the men and women who have served our country in uniform. Congress passed and the President signed into law the largest expansion of GI benefits since World War II: appeals reform, the Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act, and several other important bills. As a member of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I have been proud to author legislation and contribute to these initiatives on behalf of Hoosier veterans. But there is still so much more to do for our veterans and to address many of the longstanding issues within the VA, which is why it is absolutely vital that our next VA Secretary has the experience and commitment needed to build upon the progress that we have already made. Our veterans have made tremendous sacrifices to keep our Nation free and secure, and they deserve the highest quality of people serving at the VA. Today, I urge the Trump administration to nominate a VA Secretary committed to making important reforms and serving our Nation’s heroes who have served us so well. 
PAKISTAN’S SUPPORT OF TERRORISTS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Pakistan has been betraying the international community and is supporting terrorism. The Financial Action Task Force officially placed Pakistan on its grey list of countries not doing enough to counter terror finance. Not only does Pakistan provide safe haven for all stripes of terrorist groups, it also turns a blind eye to socalled Islamic charities tied to terrorist operations and other terrorist financiers. Pakistan has paid lip service to the fight against terrorism, while supporting the very criminals that kill Americans and our allies. Mr. Speaker, I was just at the White House where the President honored many of our wounded warriors, some of them wounded in Afghanistan and Iraq. Pakistan’s intelligence services have fostered working relationships with the Haqqani network, alQaida, and the Taliban—terrorist groups. Meanwhile, the Pakistan Government has received over $30 billion of American aid. Pakistan is a Benedict Arnold unfaithful ally. We need to stop paying Pakistan to betray us. They will do it for free. And that is just the way it is. f 
KANSAS TEAMS REACH THE NATIONAL SCIENCE BOWL NATIONAL FINALS (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Blue Valley West High School and Pleasant Ridge Middle School on winning their regional competitions of the National Science Bowl. Since 1991, the Department of Energy has been using the National Science Bowl to encourage students from diverse backgrounds who excel in science and mathematics to pursue careers in those areas. For our Nation to remain the beacon of innovation and creation that it is today, we must support and inspire our youth to experiment and explore the world around them. In January of this year, 9,000 high school students and 4,500 middle school students passionate about science and mathematics began to compete. The young people from my district worked hard and have found themselves participating in the national finals. Starting today, these two bright groups of young people will represent Kansas in the National Science Bowl’s national finals. Mr. Speaker, I call upon all of us in this body to join me in wishing Blue Valley West and Pleasant Ridge’s team good luck in the National Science Bowl’s national finals. b1230 FAA REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. YODER ). Pursuant to House Resolution 839 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 4. The Chair appoints the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1232 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes, with Mr. DONOVAN in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. General debate shall not exceed 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, in calling up H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, this bipartisan legislation is cosponsored by every chair and ranking member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. This bill is critical to our economy, to millions of Americans who work in aviation, and to hundreds of millions of Americans who use the system every year. H.R. 4 authorizes FAA programs through FY 2023. This is a longterm bill, something that is overdue. Too often, our aviation programs face shortterm extensions, CRs, and threats of government shutdowns. We are now operating on the fifth extension from the last longterm FAA law, which was signed on February 14, 2012. Before the bill was signed into law, Congress passed 23 shortterm extensions. This is an incredible amount of uncertainty for programs that rely on longterm stability. That uncertainty was one of the reasons I initially pushed for air traffic control reform, to separate the modernization of our system from the unreliable Federal budget process. 
In that regard, this bill only maintains the status quo. I still strongly believe Congress must soon pass real air traffic control reform for the U.S. to finally develop the most modern, advanced aviation system in the world, and right now, we cannot claim that. The more we delay, the more we risk losing our position in the world as a leader in aviation. So, while H.R. 4 does not contain all the reforms our system needs, it does contain other important reforms that must be implemented. For example, this bill cuts red tape in the certification process so our manufacturers can get products to market on time, stay competitive, and continue providing millions of American jobs. It streamlines the regulatory process to encourage innovation and new technologies, like unmanned aircraft systems. It provides critical funding for the AIP program and airport infrastructure across America. It strengthens protections for passengers, and it addresses safety issues that have arisen in recent years. The bill contains many good provisions, and I plan to offer a manager’s amendment that provides additional improvements. That includes an additional safety provision in light of the April 17 Southwest flight 1380 engine failure. I want to commend pilot Tammie Jo Shults for her absolute heroic performance after a catastrophic engine failure at over 30,000 feet. This was a prolonged emergency—not over in just a minute or two. For the next 15 to 20 minutes, with a hole in the cabin and believing that a passenger may have been completely sucked out, she calmly and expertly guided the plane to an emergency landing. Tragically, one person died in the incident, but 148 people are alive today because of Captain Shults and her crew. She prevented what could have been a large tragedy. In my opinion, this is one of the most heroic performances by a pilot and crew in recent memory. Strengthening our aviation system is only one of the reasons we need to pass today’s legislation. H.R. 4 also includes the Disaster Recovery Reform Act, a measure that passed the House in December with overwhelming support, but it was not taken up in the Senate. These provisions strengthen FAA’s focus on predisaster mitigation, preparing our communities to better withstand the next hurricane, wildfire, flood, or other disasters. Building better and building smarter will save lives and lower the growing cost of disaster recovery. Investing more in mitigating disasters before they strike makes common sense. This bill is a result of the hard work of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, the bill sponsors, and many others. I want to thank Ranking Member DEFAZIO, Chairman L OBIONDO , Ranking Member LARSEN , Chairman BARLETTA , Ranking Member T ITUS, and the many other Members who worked on this legislation. I look forward to a good debate today and to moving this bill to the Senate. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 17, 2018. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On April 13, 2018, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure introduced H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, with an additional referral to the Committee on Ways and Means. I ask that you allow the Committee on Ways and Means to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Ways and Means represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. Thank you for your consideration of my request. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , April 17, 2018. Hon. BILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : I am writing with respect to H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, on which the Committee on Ways and Means was granted a referral. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 4 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive formal consideration of this bill so that it may move expeditiously to the floor. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your support for such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 4. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 23, 2018. Hon. JEBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On April 13, 2018, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure introduced H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, with an additional referral to the Committee on Financial Services. I ask that you allow the Committee on Financial Services to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Financial Services represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. Thank you for your consideration of my request. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, April 23, 2018. Hon. BILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for writing regarding H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services concerning provisions in the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo action on the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. The Committee on Financial Services takes this action with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing consideration of H.R. 4 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward. I appreciate your support for Committee on Financial Services representation on a related conference committee, should one be necessary. Thank you in advance for a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 4. I also appreciate your willingness to insert a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter in the Congressional Record during floor consideration. Sincerely, JEBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 17, 2018. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On April 13, 2018, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure introduced H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, with an additional referral to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
I ask that you allow the Committee on Natural Resources to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Natural Resources represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. Thank you for your consideration of my request. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, April 18, 2018. Hon. BUDSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I have received your letter regarding H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, which was additionally referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. In the interest of permitting you to proceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this very important bill, I will agree to discharge the Natural Resources Committee from further consideration of the bill. I do so with the understanding that the Natural Resources Committee does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in the bill that fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I also appreciate your support to name members of the Natural Resources Committee to any conference committee to consider such provisions and for inserting our exchange of letters on H.R. 4 into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you once again for the very cooperative spirit in which you and your staff have worked regarding this matter and many others between our respective committees. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 19, 2018. Hon. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On April 13, 2018, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure introduced H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, with an additional referral to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. I ask that you allow the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. Thank you for your consideration of my request. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND TECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, April 19, 2018. Hon. BILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing concerning H.R. 4, the ‘‘FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018.’’ H.R. 4 contains provisions within the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’s Rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, LAMAR SMITH, Chairman. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. I am pleased to be here today with the chairman of the full committee, Mr. SHUSTER ; the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. LOBIONDO ; and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. LARSEN ), the ranking member. This bill also includes important provisions of the Disaster Recovery Reform Act, something that previously passed the House and somehow escaped the attention of the Senate. We are sending it to them again in the hope they might notice if it is part of this package. Last week was tragic: the first death on a U.S.flagged passenger aircraft since 2009, and that just followed an alarming news story by ‘‘60 Minutes’’ a few days before about an FAA oversight of a lowcost carrier. As a result, Ranking Member LARSEN  and I have sent a letter to the Secretary of Transportation demanding information on the oversight of the industry. We want to make sure that the FAA is being the watchdog that they need to be. It was many years ago, after the horrible ValuJet tragedy, the committee had already rejected my amendment to say to strip away the promotional duty of the FAA. Then, after the horrible ValuJet crash, when it turned out it was an incompetent subcontractor to a maintenance station, a totally preventable accident, they suddenly decided to change their mind and decided to include my amendment and remove the promotional authority. The FAA’s principal duty is to protect the safety of the flying public, so we have got to be sure they are doing everything needed to do that. There is an important provision in the bill, long overdue, to give flight attendants a 10hour minimum rest. Think of the schedule now—8 hours: Oh, well, the plane landed. You have got to get off the plane. You have got to get out of the airport. You have got to get in a cab or a van. You have got to go to the hotel. You get to return, reverse all that around, and do that. How much sleep are you going to get? So, finally, we are going to get the 10hour requirement—again, long overdue. Flight attendants are critical safety personnel on the airplane. They cannot be fatigued, just like a pilot can’t be fatigued. I have another concern that we are using computer simulations to meet the FAA standard for evacuation of a plane mandated in 90 seconds. As they jam more and more and more seats into these planes, I wonder if we have reached a point where we can no longer meet that standard, and we are going to have that. We are going to have the inspector general look at that topic and see whether or not we need to revisit it. You know, it is critical that we be able to get people off as quickly as possible. The U.K. Civil Aviation Authority led this many years ago after the Manchester accident, with the spacing for the overwing exit, something that took me 7 years to get done here. But they have also dropped in more strictures on hand baggage and other things and made that part of the briefing, which we don’t get because we don’t want to scare people. Well, we need to be letting people know that they can’t take stuff with them if they have to evacuate quickly. The FAA certification process, we have known for years, it needs reform, and this bill answers that call. It mandates a toptobottom reform of the process by which the FAA certifies new airplane engine and component designs. This will help our manufacturers become much more competitive in the world market and introduce their products more quickly to stay ahead of the market, but they will still be certified safe. The bill also contains the text of the Flags of Convenience Don’t Fly Here Act. There are some who would turn the airline industry into the cruise line industry, where planes would be crewed by the cheapest labor you can find somewhere in the world. It is being done already with contract crews out of Asia for a socalled European airline, Norwegian Air, and they are circumventing the process that the EU is bound to under our Open Skies Agreement. The bill, unfortunately, lets stand something that Congress adopted in 2012, over my objections, which is to 
say we cannot have a higher standard than the International Civil Aviation Authority on lithium batteries. Lithium batteries are incredibly, incredibly dangerous on aircraft. We have already lost two 747s, and I will discuss this more when we get to my amendment. It is time to remove the prohibition and let the FAA regulate as they see fit regarding lithium batteries and not bind ourselves to an international group that is captive of other special interests. Just eight lithium batteries can take down an aircraft in a thermal runaway. So that, we will discuss later. This bill also, unfortunately, does not increase the cap on passenger facility charge. I would observe, flying a lot, that there are more and more and more tarmac delays because: I am sorry, your gate is occupied. Oh, the alley to the gate is full of planes. Oh, this, that. A lot of airports are bonded out. We haven’t allowed them, since 2000, to increase the passenger facility charge, and so we are going to continue to have those delays. Until they can build larger terminals and they can build more gates, that is going to continue. We are also putting in some new mandates on the airports, which I support in this bill, having to do with pets and changing rooms and those sorts of things; but, again, we are not allowing them to get any increase in revenues to meet these new Federal mandates. I haven’t given that up, but, obviously, we are not going to get it in this bill. You know, NextGen will be all for naught. NextGen is progressing well, despite what some say, but if we don’t have enough terminals and gates at those terminals, as the former Administrator Randy Babbitt said: 
We can land them with closer spacing, we can do everything in the world, but at the end of the day at La Guardia Airport when it is a onerunway operation, you can still only land them once every 54 seconds. 
There are physical limits on the ground all around the country. Even if we enhance air traffic movement, avoiding weather and all that, we are going to be constrained at the airports unless the airports have what they need to make these investments. There are a number of amendments that will improve safety and efficiency, and I look forward to discussing those here on the floor. b1245 There is one amendment which is cropping up in this bill that relates to trucking. The gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) will offer it. It has been offered before in the House. It has never gone anywhere in the Senate. I predict the same thing will happen here. The bottom line is there is an issue from a court case that could be solved with a rifle shot, so to speak, regarding interstate commerce. Instead, despite what the proponents have told Representative DENHAM and others, this language would preempt every single State wage and hour law that pertains to trucking in the United States of America. The only strictures would be the Federal hours of service and the Federal minimum wage. The rest would be wiped out by this amendment because of the unfortunate language. There is a real underlying problem, and it could be solved much more discretely. But beyond that, this is a great bill. I again thank the chairmen of the full committee and subcommittee, the ranking member, and other members of the committee. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, it is my great privilege to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ), the former chair of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. (Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chairman, Mr. SHUSTER , and the ranking member, Mr. DEFAZIO, for bringing a bipartisan bill to the floor. This is a piece of legislation that is long overdue. I think we have had— how many extensions?—five extensions. This bill is needed for air traffic. As everybody knows in this room, if you take Alaska, which is 2
1⁄2times the size of Texas, we don’t have any roads; we have air travel. Everybody travels in Alaska, probably more than you travel in your car, by airplane. So this bill handles a lot of the problems in Alaska that we have been addressing through the FAA, which plays a major role. Number one is Essential Air Service. Many people don’t understand the history of Essential Air Service. When we deregulated the airlines, Alaska was left out. Senator Stevens and I kept regulated airlines for 2 extra years until we got the commitment from Essential Air Service so we can serve our communities, and this committee has always seen to it that that did occur. Now, it has been used in other rural areas of America. I understand that need. There will be an amendment to do away with Essential Air Service. I hope all of you will vote against that. It is crucially important to my State. We have another small issue that has come up—and I want to thank the chairman again—which is lithium batteries. These were talked about, and it was just talked about by the ranking member. In my State, again, we don’t have highways, we can’t truck things, so an air carrier that has no passengers can transport lithium batteries. They were not allowed to do that under the toxic transportation clause in our law that says they can’t do it. I will tell you, again, that it takes care of the Alaskan Part 121 pilots, who are subject to burdensome Terminal Aerodrome Forecasting regulations. This will allow pilots to use area forecasting for weather, et cetera, for flying our airplanes. This is a good bill. I am really proud of what Congressman SHUSTER has been able to do. I believe this will be Congressman LOBIONDO ’s last bill working on something of this significance for the United States of America. We do have a great air system. I will say that it has worked, it is working, and I am quite proud of the people who work for the airlines. I will only make one suggestion in closing, Mr. Chairman. I am a little concerned about some of the airlines making the spaces a little bit narrower, less legroom. I think, frankly, when you have less legroom, you have safety problems. I say that because it is awful hard, in a 3yearold seat, to get people out from the window if there is an accident when they are all jammed together. So I am just respectfully suggesting the airlines don’t take away any more space; in fact, give some of it back. Mr. Chairman, this is a good bill. I urge my colleagues to support it, vote for it, and let’s get this bipartisan piece of legislation passed. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. I am pleased that Congress is here today to consider a longterm bill to reauthorize the FAA. This moment has been a long time in coming. Congress has not enacted a longterm FAA bill since 2012, and it is currently running on its fifth extension since that time. We are here to consider a comprehensive, bipartisan piece of legislation that provides longterm, predictable funding for the FAA, improves aviation safety, addresses workforce needs, and advances vital research in the aviation field. Whether large or small, airports across the United States play an important role in communities by connecting people, goods, services, and creating jobs. In Washington State, my constituents rely on airports of all sizes. In my hometown of Arlington, general aviation at Arlington Municipal Airport is vital, and the annual EAA flyin brings in people from all across the country. Bellingham International Airport in northwest Washington is a developing airport, which requires further investments in terminal and operations infrastructure to help keep pace with passenger demands. Paine Field Airport in Snohomish County is a growing hub in the Pacific Northwest, with the construction of a new terminal and expanded air service expected later this year. Each of these airports plays a different, yet important, role in serving the local community and the national aviation network. 
The bill reflects Congress’ consensus to reform FAA’s aircraft certification processes, improve aviation safety, provide additional protections for U.S. passengers, and help to better prepare the aviation workforce and further the safe integration of unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace. One of the most important things this bill does is to make FAA’s certification process more streamlined, consistent, and efficient, while maintaining the highest level of safety. The U.S. aviation industry is an economic powerhouse. It is particularly important to my home State of Washington. In our State, general aviation, alone, contributes an estimated $3.6 billion to the economy and more than 30,000 jobs a year. Without question, predictable and timely certification of aircraft and aircraft components is critical for domestic manufacturers to get their products to market. These reforms are desperately needed to allow U.S. aviation manufacturers like my constituents in Everett, who are, as well, smaller contractors, to compete globally. This bill ensures that FAA’s product certification remains the gold standard abroad, as well, so that U.S. manufacturers remain competitive. As passenger growth continues, Congress must ensure airports have the right tools in place to safely accommodate this new demand. The bill makes a host of improvements to make our skies safer, including: Ensuring the FAA safety workforce is utilized efficiently and receives enhanced training; Strengthening the FAA’s current voluntary safety reporting program for pilots so that critical safety enhancements are not needlessly delayed; Making progress toward NextGen implementation through engagement with local communities and airports in the process; Improving the Federal Contract Tower Program to allow airports to make investments in their critical infrastructure; and Ensuring flight attendants have sufficient rest between duty periods. It also includes numerous provisions that enhance the air travel experience for more than 900 million passengers who fly each year, including: A prohibition on airlines involuntarily bumping passengers after they have boarded; A prohibition on the use of cell phones for voice communications during flight; and A requirement for airlines to create a onepage document outlining the rights of passengers, which will bring much needed transparency to this industry. One of my top priorities is to ensure working families in the Pacific Northwest get a better deal, which means expanding opportunities, creating more jobs, and making sure that the next generation of workers have the tools necessary to succeed. This bipartisan bill that my colleagues and I have agreed to will protect and create American jobs through airport construction and aerospace manufacturing, ultimately boosting the Nation’s economy. As an example, the Port of Skagit is focused on expanding the Skagit Regional Airport and is working to build a new hangar and longer taxiing runways. These improvements are not only for safety, but will create wellpaying jobs in construction. Further, the Career Connect Washington initiative aims to connect more than 100,000 students, over the next 5 years, with careerfocused learning opportunities, building a bridge from school into highdemand and goodpaying jobs. Across my district, nearly 900 young adults participating in this initiative have connected to apprenticeships, job shadows, or other structured workbased activity. This bill builds on these efforts to better prepare students for the aviation workforce by: Encouraging schools, industry, and other stakeholders to address the skills gap in the aviation maintenance field; and Requiring a GAO study of best practices to incentivize, recruit, and retain new aviation workers. I am pleased that the bill includes my proposal to create a Youth Access to American Jobs in Aviation Task Force. This task force will work with aviation trade schools and community colleges, airline carriers and industry, labor unions, and other relevant stakeholders to develop recommendations to encourage high school students to enroll in aviation manufacturing, maintenance, and engineering apprenticeships. This legislation includes a title on unmanned aircraft systems, or drones, which are flourishing in the skies at a pace we did not imagine just a few years ago. Provisions in the current bill will help the commercial drone industry safely thrive, while also addressing the many issues these new users present as they become integrated into U.S. airspace. Finally, this bill enacts a multiyear reauthorization, Mr. Chairman, of aviation taxes and FAA expenditure authority. This will provide the stable, predictable funding needed to carry out its safety mission and ensure the FAA remains the world leader in aviation research and development. While these are all positive areas to address, I understand that some amendments on slot exemptions and slot swaps have been made in order that would have regional consequences. I oppose these efforts and believe it would be better to have a more substantive discussion to address these issues in the committee. Mr. Chairman, we have the biggest, most complex, and busiest aviation system in the world. We are years past due in enacting a longterm FAA reauthorization that will allow the U.S. to remain the gold standard in aviation. I am pleased to cosponsor this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, it is my great pleasure and honor to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LOBIONDO ), my friend and the chairman of the Subcommittee on Aviation of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, who has been a tireless advocate for aviation safety efficiency, but who has also been a great partner on the committee to me and to the other members of the committee. Also, I want to mention that—and I think this is accurate—he is the only Member of Congress who has a CDL, commercial driver’s license, so he is in a very unique position to not only know and advocate for aviation, but also, on the ground, he knows how commerce moves. Mr. LOBIONDO. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman SHUSTER for yielding. I rise in very strong support of H.R. 4, the reauthorization bill. The Subcommittee on Aviation began the reauthorization process over 3 years ago, a very long process. In that time, we have held a series of roundtables and hearings on the state of the FAA’s certification and safety processes, regulatory efforts, airport grant programs, customer service, and the air traffic control system. The subcommittee also had more than 200 stakeholder meetings in order to gather feedback and hear from various constituencies to understand what would work in the real world—not what 535 Members of Congress may think, but to get input from the people who have to make it work every day. I want to thank those who came to the table willing to share their thoughts and to work together with us. With the passage of H.R. 4, we will be taking an important step toward ensuring the FAA and our aviation industry does not suffer through another long series of extensions. Unfortunately, it seems like just about every year Congress is voting to keep the government open, while the FAA and nearly 4,000 of the FAA’s incredible employees, who are my constituents working at the Technical Center in Egg Harbor Township, which is at the Atlantic City Airport, are forced to make preparations in case they have to shut down. Now, just so everybody understands, when we do an extension, we generally don’t act on it until the last minute. These dedicated employees, these engineers in these laboratories that only exist at this Tech Center, are forced to stop their work and prepare for a shutdown. This costs a tremendous amount of dollars each time we do this. Hopefully, with the passage of this bill, we will be able to avoid that. H.R. 4 also provides the longterm authorization of the FAA, which will allow us to avoid the shutdowns and these threats of shutdowns. This means that important safety projects will be 
able to move forward without the inefficient starts and stops and they come without any hesitation, as we have seen in the past. Most importantly, FAA employees, including, again, dedicated employees of my Tech Center—now, just keep in mind, this is the premier facility in the Nation for safety, security, research, and development. As I mentioned before, these laboratories don’t exist anywhere else. Many of these engineers’ expertise doesn’t exist anywhere else. This will enable them to help keep the United States premier in the world. Mr. LARSEN referenced our position in the world. We don’t want that challenged. We want this bill to be able to allow us as an economic driver. When you start looking at the numbers of what aviation means to the economy of the United States, you get an understanding of how critically important this is. b1300 We have worked closely with a number of constituency groups, and I think we have included their provisions in this bill. I want to point out that some of these battles take a while. And very diligently and very forcefully, the flight attendants have made their case for the 10hour rest period. As mentioned by Mr. DEFAZIO, this is something that we don’t want flight attendants being fatigued no more than we want pilots being fatigued. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman SHUSTER for including this in the bill. Mr. Chair, as we move forward, I want to particularly thank RICKLARSEN, who has been a great partner. For those who may not be aware, RICKand I have been together first through the Coast Guard and Maritime Subcommittee and now through the Aviation Subcommittee. I think the relationship that we have and what we have been able to do is a model that can and should be worked for the rest of Congress. It is one that I cherish and value. And, Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. LARSEN again very much. Mr. Chair, I also want to thank PETER DEFAZIO for being a good partner and thank BILLSHUSTER for helping me become Aviation chair 6 years ago, putting his faith in me. I think we have had a great partnership. Mr. SHUSTER has been a great leader in the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. I value our relationship. I value our work together. Mr. Chair, I urge everyone to support this bill. I think it is going to move America forward. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member DEFAZIO, as well as Chairman LOBIONDO , for their work on this bill. I know Mr. LOBIONDO is leaving Congress this year, and we may get a better Democrat or a better Republican in that seat, but we will not get a better Representative for this Congress in that seat than FRANK LOBIONDO . Mr. Chair, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS). Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman very much for yielding. Mr. Chair, I come to the floor as a cosponsor of H.R. 4. It is legislation that is long overdue in addressing the immediate and longterm needs of the FAA and our aviation industry. It includes a number of priorities that I fought for which are critical to my State of Nevada. First, the legislation extends the authorization of the Nevada UAS test range to ensure completion of its critical work in coordination with the FAA and NASA on lowaltitude air traffic management systems, commonly referred to as UTM. It also includes my amendment with Congressman WEBSTER from Florida to ensure that the Nation’s largest airports, including McCarran in Las Vegas, participate in a streamlined approval process for passenger facility charge projects so we can modernize our crumbling airport infrastructure. In addition, it includes, as you have heard, a number of critical provisions that enhance safety, protect consumers, and keep our aerospace industry number one in the world. As the new ranking member of the Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management Subcommittee, I am also pleased that the language of the Disaster Recovery and Reform Act are included in this bill. Last year’s backtobacktoback massive hurricanes, followed by mudslides and devastating wildfires, demonstrate the growing challenges we face as we continue to grapple with global climate change. Lives were lost, individuals and animals were injured, and property damages were just outstanding. Many are still trying to get their lives back to normal. So it would be irresponsible and unacceptable for us to follow the Flat Earth Society’s notion that this doesn’t really exist. It indeed is a threat to our health and safety. The act takes concrete steps towards making our communities safer. An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. For every $1 you spend on premitigation, you save $6 in future disaster costs. The DRRA addresses this by providing stable funding for the Emergency Management PreDisaster Mitigation Program and also additional funding for wildfire suppression. In addition, it requires that communities build back to the latest model building codes. Since the Federal Government is paying for a minimum of 75 percent of major disaster costs, it is necessary for us to protect our investment by requiring stronger, smarter, and more resilient rebuilding. Mr. Chair, I hope that the bill moves forward without any poison pills, because we need this legislation. It is a good bill, and I support it. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Buildings and Emergency Management. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, which includes provisions of my bill, the Disaster Recovery Reform Act. Unfortunately, this is the second time my bill has been considered on the House floor, because our colleagues on the other side of the Capitol refuse to take up these critical reforms. I find the failure to move in the Senate puzzling, especially given that many of those individuals represent States struggling to recover from recent disasters. In fact, in 2017, 8 percent of the United States population was affected by at least one disaster. This statistic highlights the importance of investing in mitigation infrastructure before tragedy strikes, which is exactly what my bill would do. Studies have repeatedly shown that for every $1 invested upfront, we can save $4 to $8 in avoidant recovery costs. My bill would allow us to realize those savings by transforming how we approach disaster spending. It would provide FEMA with the tools to help our communities plan for, mitigate against, respond to, and recover from disasters. Both Republicans and Democrats in this Chamber already recognize the critical need for these reforms. The Disaster Recovery Reform Act passed out of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee by voice vote, and in December passed on the House floor. It is my hope that, this time, our colleagues in the Senate would stop playing politics with peoples’ lives and will act quickly to send this bill to the President’s desk. I know just how important disaster assistance is, because in 2011, my own district was devastated by flooding from Hurricane Irene and Tropical Storm Lee. I visited with families and employers affected by this tragedy, and it made be realize we need to do something to help communities build better and smarter before disaster strikes. My bill will do just that. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman SHUSTER and my House colleagues for their continued commitment to making resiliency a priority. Mr. Chair, I also thank the chairman for including language I offered with my friend from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ) in a manager’s amendment. Our amendment would create a new grant program for airport infrastructure investment. I believe it is critical we invest in our airports, which are some of the largest economic drivers in the country. We have an obligation to ensure that this entire system, including everything from large hubs to regional airports, is maintained and improved to better serve the American people. While I was disappointed that our original committeeadopted amendment to increase funding levels for the 
Airport Improvement Program was not included in the final bill, I am hopeful that this grant will give airports a new infrastructure tool in their toolbox. Mr. Chair, I urge passage of H.R. 4. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time each side has remaining? The Acting CHAIR (Mr. PALMER ). The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 15
1⁄2minutes. The gentleman from Washington has 14 minutes. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY). Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my bipartisan amendment to H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, which would address the underrepresentation of women in aviation careers. Women make up 50 percent of the national workforce, but are significantly underrepresented in the aviation industry, making up only 2 percent of airline mechanics, 18 percent of flight dispatchers, and 6 percent of pilots. To address these shortfalls, I introduced the Promoting Women in the Aviation Workforce Act with my colleagues, Congresswomen WALORSKI , WALTERS , and B USTOS , and our bill was recently reported unanimously out of committee. This bipartisan amendment will incorporate our bill into this legislation, directing the FAA to create and facilitate an advisory board to develop strategies that the administration can take to help more women pursue and succeed in aviation careers. We need only look to the extraordinary skill of Southwest pilot and Navy fighter pilot veteran Tammie Jo Shults, who just, 1 week ago, heroically saved the lives of 143 passengers and her crew on Southwest flight 1380, or Ronnie Bradley from my district. Here is Ronnie at age 19, who signed up in 1942 to become one of the first female marines. She served as an airline mechanic; now still only 2 percent. We celebrated her life at 95 2 weeks ago in my district. We need more Tammie Jos and more Ronnies. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleagues for supporting this legislation. I commend as well the excellent legislation updating our FEMA rules for disaster resiliency and relief. Mr. Chair, I urge support of this legislation and urge the Senate to adopt it quickly. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), the chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the chairman of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, Mr. SHUSTER , for yielding me time. Mr. Chairman, I support the FAA Leadership in Groundbreaking High Tech Research and Development Act, or FLIGHT R&D Act, incorporated in H.R. 4 as Title VII of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. Title VII’s FLIGHT R&D Act will ensure America remains a world leader in aviation innovation. By making prioritized and strategic investments today, our Nation will continue to push the boundaries of aerospace technology, maintain a safe and secure aviation transportation system, and foster a healthy and growing aviation economy. Mr. Chair, I thank Science Committee member STEVE KNIGHT for introducing this important legislation and Chairman SHUSTER for including it in his bill. The safety of the flying public is of paramount importance. That is why Title VII’s FLIGHT R&D Act prioritizes research and development to improve aviation safety. Title VII authorizes increased funding for aviation safety research and development. Improving aviation safety is the fundamental mission of the FAA’s research and development agenda. Title VII establishes an FAA associate administrator for research and development to manage and oversee all FAA research and development programs and activities. These will include the R&D provisions in this bill regarding unmanned aircraft systems, cybersecurity, the national aerospace system, aviation fuel, air traffic surveillance, remote and computer piloting, and spectrum use. In closing, Mr. Chairman, I strongly support Title VII, the FLIGHT R&D Act, and urge my colleagues to support this fiscally responsible, commonsense initiative to ensure that America remains at the forefront of civil aviation, innovation, and safety. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington, D.C. (Ms. NORTON ). Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his very special efforts for this reauthorization. Perhaps our entire committee and subcommittee are due some selfcongratulations for reaching a bipartisan agreement for a longterm reauthorization for the FAA, but the lion’s share of the appreciation belongs to Chairman SHUSTER . I thank the chairman for his leadership, especially as he is retiring from the House, and I am grateful for the considerable efforts of Ranking Member DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, there was only one major disagreement, and that was, of course, on privatization of air traffic control operations. This bill includes many areas that demonstrate the importance of bipartisanship. It is almost impossible to help Democrats and not Republicans, and vice versa, when it comes to matters affecting aviation. I appreciate my own amendments in the bill addressing airplane noise, many of them embedded in the bill. And I am sure, given the complaints throughout the country, that my noise provisions, too, are bipartisan. Mr. Chair, I ask that the House oppose the Cuellar amendment. This is a special destinations amendment for San Diego and San Antonio mainly to benefit the House Members from those districts so they can fly into Reagan National Airport nonstop rather than Dulles, which is nearby, and Baltimore Washington, which is also very close to the District of Columbia. b1315 The Congress has spent billions of dollars to expand Dulles, which is still very underutilized because it is a little further from D.C. than Reagan. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. I yield the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia an additional 30 seconds. Ms. NORTON. The limit on slots to Reagan helps relieve enormous congestion there and ensures safety of one of the Nation’s most crowded and critical airfields. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ), chairman of the Highways and Transit Subcommittee of the full Committee of Transportation and Infrastructure, and the bleating voice on general aviation in Congress. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I proudly rise today to support the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. There are a lot of important policies in this bill that I worked on, but the main thing I am glad to see included is that we accomplished this bill as a long term bill, a 5year authorization. Passing longterm bills is something that the chairman has remained committed to during his leadership on the committee and is a policy I strongly support. Unfortunately, we don’t see enough of that in Congress that much anymore. One of the big highlights of the bill is the longoverdue reforms to the FAA certification process, and the committee has developed bipartisan reforms that are going to streamline the FAA certification. Mr. Chairman, I had previously worked on the precursor reforms to this process with the passage of the bill, the Small Airplane Revitalization Act, back in 2013, and I look forward to seeing the benefits of these reforms be applied more broadly to the aviation manufacturing community as certification reform provisions contained in the FAA bill go into effect. Additionally, there are a lot of policies that we worked on, that I worked on, in the underlying bill. And just to run through those quickly: expansion of the State block grant authority from 10 to 20 States; allowing greater testing of replacement fuels for AvGas; restoring the ‘‘all makes and models’’ certificate to experimental category 
aircraft; extending aircraft registration from 3 to 10 years, which I might point out, it currently takes the FAA at least a month to process paperwork to register or reregister an aircraft. We also asked the FAA to resolve disputes between approved airshows and major sporting events that require flight restrictions. We also worked on an important policy to prevent the local and State governments from targeting certain industries for discriminatory taxes, like the rental car industry. And finally, we correct a poorly written guidance document which hurts folks who are pursuing aircraft construction projects. FAA wanted to restrict aircraft construction projects from individuals’ hangars unless it was in the final stages by claiming it was not the ‘‘aeronautical use’’ of a hangar, which makes absolutely no sense and, clearly, this decision was not made with the understanding of how these projects work. This needs to be corrected. In closing, Mr. Chairman, I have been a pilot, a professional pilot for virtually my entire life, and I have been interacting with people in the aviation community for more than two decades now. I understand the issues that face the industry. When we talk about FAA reauthorization, I think about ensuring all those who rely on our aviation system can continue flying safely, securely, and freely. America has always been a leader and pioneer when it comes to aviation since the days of the Wright Brothers, and I want to ensure that continues. To do so, we have to continue to look for opportunities to incorporate technology into our infrastructure network. I look forward to further advancing these goals in other areas of transportation as the committee works on an infrastructure bill later this year. Mr. Chairman, I strongly support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ). Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chairman, first, I want to acknowledge the hard work that my colleagues Congresswoman SPEIER and Congressman P ANETTA have done, along with myself, to address airplane noise in our Bay Area congressional districts. I am pleased to support Mr. PANETTA ’s amendment to H.R. 4, which requires the FAA to consider alternative metrics to the current average daynight sound level standard, including actual noise sampling. This will ensure that the FAA has an accurate measure of the noise in communities surrounding airports and allow them to take steps to mitigate it. Since the FAA implemented NextGen in 2015, my Silicon Valley district constituents have been consistently subjected to a higher volume of noise complaints impacting their lives daily. I have never experienced anything like this in 25 years of representation. It is unprecedented. There is a 1,000 percent increase in noise complaints. So this amendment is an important first step, and it is a first step in alleviating the constant noise, consistent noise over our congressional districts, and I am committed to working with the FAA and the many engaged, really, hundreds and hundreds of engaged constituents in my district until this issue is resolved. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ). Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. Chairman SHUSTER and his staff should be recognized for their tireless work to bring all stakeholders together to modernize our aerospace system, streamline the process for bringing new aircraft technology to market, and lay the groundwork for safely integrating unmanned aircraft systems into the 21st century commerce. This bill is important for the continued growth of the U.S. aircraft industry and for all passengers of today and the future, and for the continued legacy of aviation innovation in southern California. Their safety is underwritten in several portions of the bill, including several drawn from the FLIGHT R&D Act, a bill I introduced last year to prioritize research and development on several critical civil airspace challenges. As reflected in this bill, the FAA must develop a streamlined, riskbased process for certifying the operation of new UASs. The FAA has a key role in working with private sector partners to tackle senseandavoid technology challenge and enable safe testing of beyondline ofsight operations. Putting appropriate resources behind these technology priorities will ensure American innovations have the space to test, develop, and safely integrate UAS technology before foreign competitors capture these emerging industries. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SHUSTER. I yield the gentleman from California an additional 15 seconds. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Chairman, this is a fiscally responsible bill, and was drafted to ensure taxpayer resources are wisely and efficiently used to meet public objectives for safety and economic growth and a better way to move around the country. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS). Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, this bill does a number of important things for our aviation industry, for safety, and for the traveling public, including providing stable funding and a clear regulatory framework. In my home State of Ohio, all these are critically important. The partnership between the Federal Government and the airports is strengthened in this legislation. Stable funding for the Airport Improvement Program ensures that airports can continue to evolve, grow, and plan thoughtfully for the long term. Ohio’s airports provide nearly $14 billion of economic activity for the State. They support 75,000 direct and indirect jobs; they are partners with our Reserve and Guard military wings; and they are the front door to interstate and international commerce for our communities. Ohio’s airports employ longterm planning, using a variety of funding mechanisms to maximize the value of investments in facilities and infrastructure. This bill advances and supports that growth. I am pleased to see longterm certainty for the aviation industry through a 5year reauthorization, and I encourage my colleagues to support this bill and pass H.R. 4. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ), the chairman of the Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials Subcommittee. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, the Disaster Recovery Reform Act builds on important emergency management reforms that the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee produced in the Sandy Recovery Improvement Act. Representing a neighboring district to the California wildfires last year, I have seen firsthand how these reforms streamline disaster assistance to survivors. California was able to utilize those reforms like alternative procedures for debris removal, updated individual assistance, declaration factors, changes to the Hazard Mitigation Grant Program, and many others. But there is still work to be done, and Congress recognized that by passing legislation that I authored in the SMART Rebuilding Act, to provide Federal cost share incentives to States. These measures encourage mitigation by establishing a National Public Infrastructure PreDisaster Mitigation Fund, and allow implementation of design codes as an eligible cost for FEMA’s Public Assistance Program. I want to clarify that the nationally recognizable design codes in this legislation are intended to include State and local participation and recognize the unique threats that our diverse country faces. Another area which can be improved in California is the issue of inverse condemnation. This is a dangerous precedent which is threatening the ability of public and private utilities to survive in California. Every dollar invested in mitigation results in $4 in cost savings. I support H.R. 4 and urge its passage. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I just have one more speaker, and then I am ready to close. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. POSEY ). Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, for 7 years, I have been working to provide American companies with the capability to conduct commercial space support activities. American companies would like to utilize space support vehicles to train crews and space flight participants for the rigors of space flight and research. Last year, our office worked with the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee to draft language to address this issue. At the time, we agreed on language that the committee included in the manager’s amendment to an older version of the FAA reauthorization. Since that time, a whole lot has changed in the commercial space industry. Recently, I worked with the industry, in coordination with the FAA, to create a legislative solution to allow these companies to operate. My bill, H.R. 5346, was favorably supported from the Science, Space, and Technology Committee a month ago, and has the support of industry and the FAA. We owe it to our Nation’s commercial space industry to get this language right. I am sure you will agree with me that we cannot support the passage of outdated or problematic language, and I hope you will commit to working with me, going forward, to provide the industry with an effective legislative solution. Mr. SHUSTER. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. POSEY. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, this is an issue that I know the gentleman from Florida cares deeply about and has been a champion for his constituents in the commercial space industry. I do commit to the gentleman to work with him as we move to advance this bill forward. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to close if the gentleman from Oregon is. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I encourage all Members to support this positive reauthorization of the FAA. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to the amendment offered by my friend Mr. CUELLAR and our colleagues from Texas. This amendment amends the Slot and Perimeter rules at Washington National Airport. It provides a special carve out for airports in two cities. It upends the current regime which was carefully crafted by Congress to maintain operational stability between the three DC area airports—National, Dulles, and BWI. As a longtime representative of the area around Dulles and as someone who fought for an extension of Metro to Dulles, I have to admit I am offended by this effort which would do harm to commercial domestic passenger volume at Dulles—Northern Virginia’s premier international airport. Since Congress amended the Slot rule in 2000, passenger traffic at National has increased by 50 percent and traffic at Dulles has declined by 9 percent. I ask my colleagues to oppose this amendment and refrain from inflicting harm on the area economies of their colleagues’ districts. The Acting CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule and shall be considered as read. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Effective date. TITLE I—AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Funding of FAA Programs Sec. 101. Airport planning and development and noise compatibility planning and programs. Sec. 102. Facilities and equipment. Sec. 103. FAA operations. Sec. 104. Adjustment to AIP program funding. Sec. 105. Funding for aviation programs. Subtitle B—Passenger Facility Charges Sec. 111. Passenger facility charge modernization. Sec. 112. Pilot program for passenger facility charge authorizations. Subtitle C—Airport Improvement Program Modifications Sec. 121. Clarification of airport obligation to provide FAA airport space. Sec. 122. Mothers’ rooms at airports. Sec. 123. Extension of competitive access reports. Sec. 124. Grant assurances. Sec. 125. Government share of project costs. Sec. 126. Updated veterans’ preference. Sec. 127. Special rule. Sec. 128. Marshall Islands, Micronesia, and Palau. Sec. 129. Nondiscrimination. Sec. 130. State block grant program expansion. Sec. 131. Midway Island Airport. Sec. 132. Property conveyance releases. Sec. 133. Minority and disadvantaged business participation. Sec. 134. Contract tower program. Sec. 135. Airport access roads in remote locations. Sec. 136. Buy America requirements. Subtitle D—Airport Noise and Environmental Streamlining Sec. 151. Recycling plans for airports. Sec. 152. Pilot program sunset. Sec. 153. Extension of grant authority for compatible land use planning and projects by State and local governments. Sec. 154. Updating airport noise exposure maps. Sec. 155. Stage 3 aircraft study. Sec. 156. Addressing community noise concerns. Sec. 157. Study on potential health impacts of overflight noise. Sec. 158. Environmental mitigation pilot program. Sec. 159. Aircraft noise exposure. Sec. 160. Community involvement in FAA NextGen projects located in metroplexes. Sec. 161. Critical habitat on or near airport property. Sec. 162. Clarification of reimbursable allowed costs of FAA memoranda of agreement. TITLE II—FAA SAFETY CERTIFICATION REFORM Subtitle A—General Provisions Sec. 201. Definitions. Sec. 202. Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee. Subtitle B—Aircraft Certification Reform Sec. 211. Aircraft certification performance objectives and metrics. Sec. 212. Organization designation authorizations. Sec. 213. ODA review. Sec. 214. Type certification resolution process. Sec. 215. Review of certification process for small general aviation airplanes. Subtitle C—Flight Standards Reform Sec. 231. Flight standards performance objectives and metrics. Sec. 232. FAA task force on flight standards reform. Sec. 233. Centralized safety guidance database. Sec. 234. Regulatory Consistency Communications Board. Subtitle D—Safety Workforce Sec. 241. Safety workforce training strategy. Sec. 242. Workforce review. Subtitle E—International Aviation Sec. 251. Promotion of United States aerospace standards, products, and services abroad. Sec. 252. Bilateral exchanges of safety oversight responsibilities. Sec. 253. FAA leadership abroad. Sec. 254. Registration, certification, and related fees. TITLE III—SAFETY Subtitle A—General Provisions Sec. 301. FAA technical training. Sec. 302. Safety critical staffing. Sec. 303. International efforts regarding tracking of civil aircraft. Sec. 304. Aircraft data access and retrieval systems. Sec. 305. Advanced cockpit displays. Sec. 306. Marking of towers. Sec. 307. Cabin evacuation. Sec. 308. ODA staffing and oversight. Sec. 309. Funding for additional safety needs. Sec. 310. Funding for additional FAA licensing needs. Sec. 311. Emergency medical equipment on passenger aircraft. Sec. 312. HIMS program. Sec. 313. Acceptance of voluntarily provided safety information. Sec. 314. Flight attendant duty period limitations and rest requirements. 
Sec. 315. Secondary cockpit barriers. Sec. 316. Aviation maintenance industry technical workforce. Sec. 317. Critical airfield markings. Sec. 318. Regulatory Reform. Subtitle B—Unmanned Aircraft Systems Sec. 331. Definitions. Sec. 332. Codification of existing law; additional provisions. Sec. 333. Unmanned aircraft test ranges. Sec. 334. Sense of Congress regarding unmanned aircraft safety. 
Sec. 335. UAS privacy review. Sec. 336. Public UAS operations by Tribal governments. Sec. 337. Evaluation of aircraft registration for small unmanned aircraft. Sec. 338. Study on roles of governments relating to lowaltitude operation of small unmanned aircraft. Sec. 339. Study on financing of unmanned aircraft services. Sec. 340. Update of FAA comprehensive plan. Sec. 341. Cooperation related to certain counterUAS technology. TITLE IV—AIR SERVICE IMPROVEMENTS Subtitle A—Airline Customer Service Improvements Sec. 401. Reliable air service in American Samoa. Sec. 402. Cell phone voice communication ban. Sec. 403. Advisory committee for aviation consumer protection. Sec. 404. Improved notification of insecticide use. Sec. 405. Advertisements and disclosure of fees for passenger air transportation. Sec. 406. Involuntarily bumping passengers after aircraft boarded. Sec. 407. Availability of consumer rights information. Sec. 408. Consumer complaints hotline. Sec. 409. Widespread disruptions. Sec. 410. Involuntarily denied boarding compensation. Sec. 411. Consumer information on actual flight times. Sec. 412. Advisory committee for transparency in air ambulance industry. Sec. 413. Air ambulance complaints. Sec. 414. Passenger rights. Subtitle B—Aviation Consumers With Disabilities Sec. 441. Select subcommittee. Sec. 442. Aviation consumers with disabilities study. Sec. 443. Feasibility study on incabin wheelchair restraint systems. Sec. 444. Access advisory committee recommendations. Subtitle C—Small Community Air Service Sec. 451. Essential air service authorization. Sec. 452. Extension of final order establishing mileage adjustment eligibility. Sec. 453. Study on essential air service reform. Sec. 454. Small community air service. Sec. 455. Air transportation to noneligible places. TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS Sec. 501. Review of FAA strategic cybersecurity plan. Sec. 502. Consolidation and realignment of FAA services and facilities. Sec. 503. FAA review and reform. Sec. 504. Aviation fuel. Sec. 505. Right to privacy when using air traffic control system. Sec. 506. Air shows. Sec. 507. Part 91 review, reform, and streamlining. Sec. 508. Aircraft registration. Sec. 509. Air transportation of lithium cells and batteries. Sec. 510. Remote tower pilot program for rural and small communities. Sec. 511. Ensuring FAA readiness to provide seamless oceanic operations. Sec. 512. Sense of Congress regarding women in aviation. Sec. 513. Obstruction evaluation aeronautical studies. Sec. 514. Aircraft leasing. Sec. 515. Report on obsolete test equipment. Sec. 516. Pilots sharing flight expenses with passengers. Sec. 517. Aviation rulemaking committee for part 135 pilot rest and duty rules. Sec. 518. Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority. Sec. 519. Terminal Aerodrome Forecast. Sec. 520. Federal Aviation Administration employees stationed on Guam. Sec. 521. Technical corrections. Sec. 522. Application of veterans’ preference to Federal Aviation Administration personnel management system. Sec. 523. Public aircraft eligible for logging flight times. Sec. 524. Federal Aviation Administration workforce review. Sec. 525. State taxation. Sec. 526. Aviation and aerospace workforce of the future. Sec. 527. Future aviation and aerospace workforce study. Sec. 528. FAA leadership on civil supersonic aircraft. Sec. 529. Oklahoma registry office. Sec. 530. Foreign air transportation under United StatesEuropean Union Air Transport Agreement. Sec. 531. Training on human trafficking for certain staff. Sec. 532. Part 107 implementation improvements. Sec. 533. Part 107 transparency and technology improvements. 
Sec. 534. Prohibitions against smoking on passenger flights. Sec. 535. Consumer protection requirements relating to large ticket agents. Sec. 536. FAA data transparency. Sec. 537. Agency procurement reporting requirements. Sec. 538. Zeroemission vehicles and technology. Sec. 539. Employee Assault Prevention and Response Plans. Sec. 540. Study on training of customerfacing air carrier employees. Sec. 541. Minimum dimensions for passenger seats. Sec. 542. Study of ground transportation options. TITLE VI—DISASTER RECOVERY REFORM ACT Sec. 601. Applicability. Sec. 602. State defined. Sec. 603. Wildfire prevention. Sec. 604. Additional activities. Sec. 605. Eligibility for code implementation and enforcement. Sec. 606. Program improvements. Sec. 607. Prioritization of facilities. Sec. 608. Guidance on evacuation routes. Sec. 609. Duplication of benefits. Sec. 610. State administration of assistance for direct temporary housing and permanent housing construction. Sec. 611. Assistance to individuals and households. Sec. 612. Multifamily lease and repair assistance. Sec. 613. Private nonprofit facility. Sec. 614. Management costs. Sec. 615. Flexibility. Sec. 616. Additional disaster assistance. Sec. 617. National veterinary emergency teams. Sec. 618. Dispute resolution pilot program. Sec. 619. Unified Federal environmental and historic preservation review. Sec. 620. Closeout incentives. Sec. 621. Performance of services. Sec. 622. Study to streamline and consolidate information collection. Sec. 623. Agency accountability. Sec. 624. Audit of contracts. Sec. 625. Inspector general audit of FEMA contracts for tarps and plastic sheeting. Sec. 626. Relief organizations. Sec. 627. Guidance on inundated and submerged roads. Sec. 628. Authorities. Sec. 629. Recoupment of certain assistance prohibited. Sec. 630. Statute of limitations. Sec. 631. Technical assistance and recommendations. Sec. 632. Guidance on hazard mitigation assistance. Sec. 633. Local impact. Sec. 634. Additional hazard mitigation activities. Sec. 635. National public infrastructure predisaster hazard mitigation. Sec. 636. Additional mitigation activities. TITLE VII—FLIGHT R&D ACT Subtitle A—General Provisions Sec. 701. Short title. Sec. 702. Definitions. Sec. 703. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—FAA Research and Development Organization Sec. 711. Associate Administrator for Research and Development. Sec. 712. Research advisory committee. Subtitle C—Unmanned Aircraft Systems Sec. 721. Unmanned aircraft systems research and development roadmap. Sec. 722. Probabilistic metrics for exemptions. Sec. 723. Probabilistic assessment of risks. Sec. 724. Unmanned aerial vehiclemanned aircraft collision research. Sec. 725. Special rule for research and development. Sec. 726. Beyond lineofsight research and development. Subtitle D—Cybersecurity Sec. 731. Cyber Testbed. Sec. 732. Cabin communications, entertainment, and information technology systems cybersecurity vulnerabilities. Sec. 733. Cybersecurity threat modeling. Sec. 734. National Institute of Standards and Technology cybersecurity standards. Sec. 735. Cybersecurity research coordination. Sec. 736. Cybersecurity research and development program. Subtitle E—FAA Research and Development Activities Sec. 741. Research plan for the certification of new technologies into the national airspace system. Sec. 742. Aviation fuel research, development, and usage. Sec. 743. Air traffic surveillance over oceans and other remote locations. Sec. 744. Singlepiloted commercial cargo aircraft. Sec. 745. Electromagnetic spectrum research and development. TITLE VIII—AVIATION REVENUE PROVISIONS Sec. 801. Expenditure authority from Airport and Airway Trust Fund. Sec. 802. Extension of taxes funding Airport and Airway Trust Fund. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 101. AIRPORT PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT AND NOISE COMPATIBILITY PLANNING AND PROGRAMS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Section 48103(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 47504(c)’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘section 47504(c)— ‘‘(1) $3,350,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(2) $3,350,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(3) $3,350,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(4) $3,350,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(5) $3,350,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(6) $3,350,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’. (b) OBLIGATION AUTHORITY .—Section 47104(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘2018,’’ and inserting ‘‘2023,’’. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS  FROM AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND.— Section 48101(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (1) through (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) $2,920,000,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(2) $2,984,000,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(3) $3,049,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(4) $3,118,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(5) $3,190,000,000 for fiscal year 2022. ‘‘(6) $3,263,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’. (b) SETASIDES .—Section 48101(d) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, carried out using amounts appropriated under subsection (a),’’ after ‘‘air traffic control modernization project’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 106(k)(1) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking subparagraphs (A) through (F) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) $10,231,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(B) $10,434,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(C) $10,639,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(D) $10,861,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(E) $11,095,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(F) $11,329,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’. (b) AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER FUNDS .—Sec tion 106(k)(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2018,’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2018 through 2023,’’. 
Section 48112 of title 49, United States Code, and the item relating to such section in the analysis for chapter 481 of such title, are repealed. 
Section 48114(a)(1)(A)(ii) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘in fiscal year 2014 and each fiscal year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘in fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’. Subtitle B—Passenger Facility Charges 
Section 40117(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘or $3’’ and inserting ‘‘$3, $4, or $4.50’’; (2) by repealing paragraph (4); (3) in paragraph (6)— (A) by striking ‘‘specified in paragraphs (1) and (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘specified in paragraph (1)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘imposed under paragraph (1) or (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘imposed under paragraph (1)’’; and (4) in paragraph (7)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘specified in paragraphs (1), (4), and (6)’’ and inserting ‘‘specified in paragraphs (1) and (6)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘imposed under paragraph (1) or (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘imposed under paragraph (1)’’. SEC. 112. PILOT PROGRAM FOR PASSENGER FACILITY CHARGE AUTHORIZATIONS. 
Section 40117(l) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the subsection heading by striking ‘‘
ATNONHUB AIRPORTS ’’; and (2) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘nonhub’’. Subtitle C—Airport Improvement Program Modifications 
SEC. 121. CLARIFICATION OF AIRPORT OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE FAA AIRPORT SPACE. 
Section 44502 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) AIRPORT SPACE .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration may not require an airport owner, operator, or sponsor (as defined in section 47102) to provide building construction, maintenance, utilities, administrative support, or space on airport property to the Federal Aviation Administration without adequate compensation. ‘‘(2) EXCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) does not apply in any case in which an airport owner, operator, or sponsor— ‘‘(A) provides land or buildings without compensation to the Federal Aviation Administration for facilities used to carry out activities related to air traffic control or navigation pursuant to a grant assurance; or ‘‘(B) provides goods or services to the Federal Aviation Administration without compensation or at belowmarket rates pursuant to a negotiated agreement between the owner, operator, or sponsor and the Administrator.’’. 
(a) L ACTATION AREA DEFINED .—Section 47102 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(29) ‘lactation area’ means a room or other location in a commercial service airport that— ‘‘(A) provides a location for members of the public to express breast milk that is shielded from view and free from intrusion from the public; ‘‘(B) has a door that can be locked; ‘‘(C) includes a place to sit, a table or other flat surface, and an electrical outlet; ‘‘(D) is readily accessible to and usable by individuals with disabilities, including individuals who use wheelchairs; and ‘‘(E) is not located in a restroom.’’. (b) PROJECT GRANT WRITTEN ASSURANCES  
FORLARGE AND MEDIUM HUBAIRPORTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 47107(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (20) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (21) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(22) with respect to a medium or large hub airport, the airport owner or operator will maintain a lactation area in each passenger terminal building of the airport in the sterile area (as defined in section 1540.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations) of the building.’’. (2) APPLICABILITY .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall apply to a project grant application submitted for a fiscal year beginning on or after the date that is 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (B) SPECIAL RULE .—The requirement in the amendment made by paragraph (1) that a lactation area be located in the sterile area of a passenger terminal building shall not apply with respect to a project grant application for a period of time, determined by the Secretary of Transportation, if the Secretary determines that construction or maintenance activities make it impracticable or unsafe for the lactation area to be located in the sterile area of the building. (c) TERMINAL DEVELOPMENT COSTS.—Sec tion 47119(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) LACTATION AREAS .—In addition to the projects described in paragraph (1), the Secretary may approve a project for terminal development for the construction or installation of a lactation area at a commercial service airport.’’. (d) PREEXISTING FACILITIES .—On application by an airport sponsor, the Secretary may determine that a lactation area in existence on the date of enactment of this Act complies with the requirement of section 47107(a)(22) of title 49, United States Code, as added by this section, notwithstanding the absence of one of the facilities or characteristics referred to in the definition of the term ‘‘lactation area’’ in section 47102 of such title, as added by this section. 
Section 47107(r)(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION OF RECREATIONAL AIRCRAFT .—Section 47107 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(u) CONSTRUCTION OF RECREATIONAL AIRCRAFT .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The construction of a covered aircraft shall be treated as an aeronautical activity for purposes of— ‘‘(A) determining an airport’s compliance with a grant assurance made under this section or any other provision of law; and ‘‘(B) the receipt of Federal financial assistance for airport development. ‘‘(2) COVERED AIRCRAFT DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘covered aircraft’ means an aircraft— ‘‘(A) used or intended to be used exclusively for recreational purposes; and ‘‘(B) constructed or under construction by a private individual at a general aviation airport.’’. (b) COMMUNITY USE OF AIRPORT LAND.— Section 47107 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) COMMUNITY USE OF AIRPORT LAND.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding subsection (a)(13), and subject to paragraph (2), the sponsor of a publicuse airport shall not be considered to be in violation of this subtitle, or to be found in violation of a grant assurance made under this section, or under any other provision of law, as a condition for the receipt of Federal financial assistance for airport development, solely because the sponsor has entered into an agreement, including a revised agreement, with a local government providing for the use of airport property for an interim compatible recreational purpose at below fair market value. ‘‘(2) RESTRICTIONS .—This subsection shall apply only— ‘‘(A) to an agreement regarding airport property that was initially entered into before the publication of the Federal Aviation Administration’s Policy and Procedures Concerning the Use of Airport Revenue, dated February 16, 1999; ‘‘(B) if the agreement between the sponsor and the local government is subordinate to any existing or future agreements between the sponsor and the Secretary, including agreements related to a grant assurance under this section; ‘‘(C) to airport property that was acquired under a Federal airport development grant program; 
‘‘(D) if the airport sponsor has provided a written statement to the Administrator that the property made available for a recreational purpose will not be needed for any aeronautical purpose during the next 10 years; ‘‘(E) if the agreement includes a term of not more than 2 years to prepare the airport property for the interim compatible recreational purpose and not more than 10 years of use for that purpose; ‘‘(F) if the recreational purpose will not impact the aeronautical use of the airport; ‘‘(G) if the airport sponsor provides a certification that the sponsor is not responsible for preparation, startup, operations, maintenance, or any other costs associated with the recreational purpose; and ‘‘(H) if the recreational purpose is consistent with Federal land use compatibility criteria under section 47502. ‘‘(3) STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed as permitting a diversion of airport revenue for the capital or operating costs associated with the community use of airport land.’’. 
Section 47109(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘primary airport having at least .25 percent of the total number of passenger boardings each year at all commercial service airports;’’ and inserting ‘‘medium or large hub airport;’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) 95 percent for a project that— ‘‘(A) the Administrator determines is a successive phase of a multiphase construction project for which the sponsor received a grant in fiscal year 2011; and ‘‘(B) for which the United States Government’s share of allowable project costs could otherwise be 90 percent under paragraph (2) or (3).’’. 
Section 47112(c)(1)(C) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or Operation New Dawn for more’’ and inserting ‘‘Operation New Dawn, Operation Inherent Resolve, Operation Freedom’s Sentinel, or any successor contingency operation to such operations for more’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘or Operation New Dawn (whichever is later)’’ and inserting ‘‘Operation New Dawn, Operation Inherent Resolve, Operation Freedom’s Sentinel, or any successor contingency operation to such operations (whichever is later)’’. 
Section 47114(d)(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) During fiscal years 2018 through 2020— ‘‘(i) an airport that accrued apportionment funds under subparagraph (A) in fiscal year 2013 that is listed as having an unclassified status under the most recent national plan of integrated airport systems shall continue to accrue apportionment funds under subparagraph (A) at the same amount the airport accrued apportionment funds in fiscal year 2013, subject to the conditions of this paragraph; ‘‘(ii) notwithstanding the period of availability as described in section 47117(b), an amount apportioned to an airport under clause (i) shall be available to the airport only during the fiscal year in which the amount is apportioned; and ‘‘(iii) notwithstanding the waiver permitted under section 47117(c)(2), an airport receiving apportionment funds under clause (i) may not waive its claim to any part of the apportioned funds in order to make the funds available for a grant for another publicuse airport. ‘‘(D) An airport that reestablishes its classified status shall be eligible to accrue apportionment funds pursuant to subparagraph (A) so long as such airport retains its classified status.’’. SEC. 128. MARSHALL ISLANDS, MICRONESIA, AND PALAU. 
Section 47115 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (i); (2) by redesignating subsection (j) as subsection (i); and (3) in subsection (i) (as so redesignated) by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2018 through 2023’’. 
Section 47123 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Secretary of Transportation’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) INDIAN EMPLOYMENT .— ‘‘(1) TRIBAL SPONSOR PREFERENCE .—Con sistent with section 703(i) of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e–2(i)), nothing in this section shall preclude the preferential employment of Indians living on or near a reservation on a project or contract at— ‘‘(A) an airport sponsored by an Indian tribal government; or ‘‘(B) an airport located on an Indian reservation. ‘‘(2) STATE PREFERENCE .—A State may implement a preference for employment of Indians on a project carried out under this subchapter near an Indian reservation. ‘‘(3) IMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall cooperate with Indian tribal governments and the States to implement this subsection. ‘‘(4) INDIAN TRIBAL GOVERNMENT DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘Indian tribal government’ has the same meaning given that term in section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122).’’. 
Section 47128(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘not more than 9 qualified States for fiscal years 2000 and 2001 and 10 qualified States for each fiscal year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than 20 qualified States for each fiscal year’’. 
Section 186(d) of the Vision 100—Century of Aviation Reauthorization Act (117 Stat. 2518) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2018 through 2023’’. 
Section 817(a) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 47125 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or section 23’’ and inserting ‘‘, section 23’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘, or section 47125 of title 49, United States Code’’ before the period at the end. 
Congress finds the following: (1) While significant progress has occurred due to the establishment of the airport disadvantaged business enterprise program (49 U.S.C. 47107(e) and 47113), discrimination and related barriers continue to pose significant obstacles for minority and womenowned businesses seeking to do business in airport related markets across the Nation. These continuing barriers merit the continuation of the airport disadvantaged business enterprise program. (2) Congress has received and reviewed testimony and documentation of race and gender discrimination from numerous sources, including congressional hearings and roundtables, scientific reports, reports issued by public and private agencies, news stories, reports of discrimination by organizations and individuals, and discrimination lawsuits. This testimony and documentation shows that race and genderneutral efforts alone are insufficient to address the problem. (3) This testimony and documentation demonstrates that discrimination across the Nation poses a barrier to full and fair participation in airportrelated businesses of women business owners and minority business owners in the racial groups detailed in parts 23 and 26 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, and has impacted firm development and many aspects of airportrelated business in the public and private markets. (4) This testimony and documentation provides a strong basis that there is a compelling need for the continuation of the airport disadvantaged business enterprise program and the airport concessions disadvantaged business enterprise program to address race and gender discrimination in airportrelated business. SEC. 134. CONTRACT TOWER PROGRAM. 
(a) A IRTRAFFIC CONTROL CONTRACT PROGRAM .— (1) SPECIAL RULE .—Section 47124(b)(1)(B) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘exceeds the benefit for a period of 18 months after such determination is made’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘exceeds the benefit— ‘‘(i) for the 1year period after such determination is made; or ‘‘(ii) if an appeal of such determination is requested, for the 1year period described in subsection (d)(4)(D)’’. (2) FUNDING OF COST SHARE PROGRAM .—Sec tion 47124(b)(3)(E) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(E) FUNDING .—Amounts appropriated pursuant to section 106(k)(1) may be used to carry out this paragraph.’’. (3) CONSTRUCTION OF AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL  
TOWERS .— (A) GRANTS .—Section 47124(b)(4)(A) of title 49, United States Code, is amended in each of clauses (i)(III) and (ii)(III) by inserting ‘‘, including remote air traffic control tower equipment certified by the Federal Aviation Administration’’ after ‘‘1996’’. (B) ELIGIBILITY .—Section 47124(b)(4)(B)(i)(I) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘pilot’’. (C) LIMITATION ON FEDERAL SHARE .—Sec tion 47124(b)(4) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking subparagraph (C). (4) BENEFIT TOCOST CALCULATION FOR PRO GRAM APPLICANTS .—Section 47124(b)(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) BENEFIT TOCOST CALCULATION .—Not later than 90 days after receiving an application to the Contract Tower Program, the Secretary shall calculate a benefittocost ratio (as described in subsection (d)) for the applicable air traffic control tower for purposes of selecting towers for participation in the Contract Tower Program.’’. (b) CRITERIA TOEVALUATE PARTICIPANTS .— Section 47124 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) CRITERIA TOEVALUATE PARTICI PANTS .— ‘‘(1) TIMING OF EVALUATIONS .— ‘‘(A) TOWERS PARTICIPATING IN COST SHARE  
PROGRAM .—In the case of an air traffic control tower that is operated under the program established under subsection (b)(3), the 
Secretary shall annually calculate a benefit tocost ratio with respect to the tower. ‘‘(B) TOWERS PARTICIPATING IN CONTRACT  
TOWER PROGRAM .—In the case of an air traffic control tower that is operated under the program established under subsection (a) and continued under subsection (b)(1), the Secretary shall not calculate a benefittocost ratio after the date of enactment of this subsection with respect to the tower unless the Secretary determines that the annual aircraft traffic at the airport where the tower is located has decreased— ‘‘(i) by more than 25 percent from the previous year; or ‘‘(ii) by more than 55 percent cumulatively in the preceding 3year period. ‘‘(2) COSTS TO BE CONSIDERED .—In estab lishing a benefittocost ratio under this section with respect to an air traffic control tower, the Secretary shall consider only the following costs: ‘‘(A) The Federal Aviation Administration’s actual cost of wages and benefits of personnel working at the tower. ‘‘(B) The Federal Aviation Administration’s actual telecommunications costs directly associated with the tower. ‘‘(C) The Federal Aviation Administration’s costs of purchasing and installing any air traffic control equipment that would not have been purchased or installed except as a result of the operation of the tower. ‘‘(D) The Federal Aviation Administration’s actual travel costs associated with maintaining air traffic control equipment that is owned by the Administration and would not be maintained except as a result of the operation of the tower. ‘‘(E) Other actual costs of the Federal Aviation Administration directly associated with the tower that would not be incurred except as a result of the operation of the tower (excluding costs for noncontract tower related personnel and equipment, even if the personnel or equipment are located in the contract tower building). ‘‘(3) OTHER CRITERIA TO BE CONSIDERED .—In establishing a benefittocost ratio under this section with respect to an air traffic control tower, the Secretary shall add a 10 percentage point margin of error to the benefittocost ratio determination to acknowledge and account for the direct and indirect economic and other benefits that are not included in the criteria the Secretary used in calculating that ratio. ‘‘(4) REVIEW OF COST BENEFIT DETERMINA TIONS .—In issuing a benefittocost ratio determination under this section with respect to an air traffic control tower located at an airport, the Secretary shall implement the following procedures: ‘‘(A) The Secretary shall provide the airport (or the State or local government having jurisdiction over the airport) at least 90 days following the date of receipt of the determination to submit to the Secretary a request for an appeal of the determination, together with updated or additional data in support of the appeal. ‘‘(B) Upon receipt of a request for an appeal submitted pursuant to subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) transmit to the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration any updated or additional data submitted in support of the appeal; and ‘‘(ii) provide the Administrator not more than 90 days to review the data and provide a response to the Secretary based on the review. ‘‘(C) After receiving a response from the Administrator pursuant to subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) provide the airport, State, or local government that requested the appeal at least 30 days to review the response; and ‘‘(ii) withhold from taking further action in connection with the appeal during that 30 day period. ‘‘(D) If, after completion of the appeal procedures with respect to the determination, the Secretary requires the tower to transition into the program established under subsection (b)(3), the Secretary shall not require a costshare payment from the airport, State, or local government for 1 year following the last day of the 30day period described in subparagraph (C).’’. SEC. 135. AIRPORT ACCESS ROADS IN REMOTE LOCATIONS. 
Notwithstanding section 47102 of title 49, United States Code, for fiscal years 2018 through 2021, the definition of the term ‘‘terminal development’’ under that section includes the development of an airport access road that— (1) is located in a noncontiguous State; (2) is not more than 3 miles in length; (3) connects to the nearest public roadways of not more than the 2 closest census designated places; and (4) is constructed for the purpose of connecting the census designated places with a planned or newly constructed airport. 
(a) N OTICE OF WAIVERS .—If the Secretary of Transportation determines that it is necessary to waive the application of section 50101(a) of title 49, United States Code, based on a finding under section 50101(b) of that title, the Secretary, at least 10 days before the date on which the waiver takes effect, shall— (1) make publicly available, in an easily identifiable location on the website of the Department of Transportation, a detailed written justification of the waiver determination; and (2) provide an informal public notice and comment opportunity on the waiver determination. (b) ANNUAL REPORT .—For each fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on waivers issued under section 50101 of title 49, United States Code, during the fiscal year. Subtitle D—Airport Noise and Environmental Streamlining 
Section 47106(a)(6) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘that includes the project’’ before ‘‘, the master plan’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 47140 of title 49, United States Code, is repealed. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 47140a of title 49, United States Code, is redesignated as section 47140. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The analysis for chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking the items relating to sections 47140 and 47140a; and (2) by inserting after the item relating to section 47139 the following: ‘‘47140. Increasing the energy efficiency of airport power sources.’’. 
SEC. 153. EXTENSION OF GRANT AUTHORITY FOR COMPATIBLE LAND USE PLANNING AND PROJECTS BY STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS. 
Section 47141(f) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
Section 47503(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) REVISED MAPS.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—An airport operator that submitted a noise exposure map under subsection (a) shall submit a revised map to the Secretary if, in an area surrounding an airport, a change in the operation of the airport would establish a substantial new noncompatible use, or would significantly reduce noise over existing noncompatible uses, that is not reflected in either the existing conditions map or forecast map currently on file with the Federal Aviation Administration. ‘‘(2) TIMING .—A submission under paragraph (1) shall be required only if the relevant change in the operation of the airport occurs during— ‘‘(A) the forecast period of the applicable noise exposure map submitted by an airport operator under subsection (a); or ‘‘(B) the implementation period of the airport operator’s noise compatibility program.’’. 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall initiate a review of the potential benefits, costs, and other impacts that would result from a phaseout of covered stage 3 aircraft. (b) CONTENTS .—The review shall include— (1) a determination of the number, types, frequency of operations, and owners and operators of covered stage 3 aircraft; (2) an analysis of the potential benefits, costs, and other impacts to air carriers, general aviation operators, airports, communities surrounding airports, and the general public associated with phasing out or reducing the operations of covered stage 3 aircraft, assuming such a phaseout or reduction is put into effect over a reasonable period of time; (3) a determination of lessons learned from the phaseout of stage 2 aircraft that might be applicable to a phaseout or reduction in the operations of covered stage 3 aircraft, including comparisons between the benefits, costs, and other impacts associated with the phaseout of stage 2 aircraft and the potential benefits, costs, and other impacts determined under paragraph (2); (4) a determination of the costs and logistical challenges associated with recertifying stage 3 aircraft capable of meeting stage 4 noise levels; and (5) a determination of stakeholder views on the feasibility and desirability of phasing out covered stage 3 aircraft, including the views of— (A) air carriers; (B) airports; (C) communities surrounding airports; (D) aircraft and avionics manufacturers; (E) operators of covered stage 3 aircraft other than air carriers; and (F) such other stakeholders and aviation experts as the Comptroller General considers appropriate. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the review. (d) COVERED STAGE 3 AIRCRAFT DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘‘covered stage 3 aircraft’’ means a civil subsonic jet aircraft that is not capable of meeting the stage 4 noise levels in part 36 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. 
When proposing a new area navigation departure procedure, or amending an existing procedure that would direct aircraft between 
the surface and 6,000 feet above ground level over noise sensitive areas, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall consider the feasibility of dispersal headings or other lateral track variations to address community noise concerns, if— (1) the affected airport operator, in consultation with the affected community, submits a request to the Administrator for such a consideration; (2) the airport operator’s request would not, in the judgment of the Administrator, conflict with the safe and efficient operation of the national airspace system; and (3) the effect of a modified departure procedure would not significantly increase noise over noise sensitive areas, as determined by the Administrator. 
SEC. 157. STUDY ON POTENTIAL HEALTH IMPACTS OF OVERFLIGHT NOISE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall enter into an agreement with an eligible institution of higher education to conduct a study on the health impacts of noise from aircraft flights on residents exposed to a range of noise levels from such flights. (b) SCOPE OF STUDY .—The study shall— (1) include an examination of the incremental health impacts attributable to noise exposure that result from aircraft flights, including sleep disturbance and elevated blood pressure; (2) be focused on residents in the metropolitan area of— (A) Boston; (B) Chicago; (C) the District of Columbia; (D) New York; (E) the Northern California Metroplex; (F) Phoenix; (G) the Southern California Metroplex; or (H) such other area as may be identified by the Administrator; (3) consider, in particular, the incremental health impacts on residents living partly or wholly underneath flight paths most frequently used by aircraft flying at an altitude lower than 10,000 feet, including during takeoff or landing; and (4) include an assessment of the relationship between a perceived increase in aircraft noise, including as a result of a change in flight paths that increases the visibility of aircraft from a certain location, and an actual increase in aircraft noise, particularly in areas with high or variable levels of nonaircraftrelated ambient noise. (c) ELIGIBILITY .—An institution of higher education is eligible to conduct the study if the institution— (1) has— (A) a school of public health that has participated in the Center of Excellence for Aircraft Noise and Aviation Emissions Mitigation of the Federal Aviation Administration; or (B) a center for environmental health that receives funding from the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences; (2) is located in one of the areas identified in subsection (b); (3) applies to the Administrator in a timely fashion; (4) demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Administrator that the institution is qualified to conduct the study; (5) agrees to submit to the Administrator, not later than 3 years after entering into an agreement under subsection (a), the results of the study, including any source materials used; and (6) meets such other requirements as the Administrator determines necessary. (d) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the Administrator receives the results of the study, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report containing the results. SEC. 158. ENVIRONMENTAL MITIGATION PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Transportation shall carry out a pilot program involving not more than 6 projects at public use airports in accordance with this section. (b) GRANTS .—In carrying out the program, the Secretary may make grants to sponsors of publicuse airports from funds apportioned under section 47117(e)(1)(A) of title 49, United States Code. (c) USE OF FUNDS .—Amounts from a grant received by the sponsor of a publicuse airport under the program shall be used for environmental mitigation projects that will measurably reduce or mitigate aviation impacts on noise, air quality, or water quality at the airport or within 5 miles of the airport. (d) ELIGIBILITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code, an environmental mitigation project approved under this section shall be treated as eligible for assistance under that chapter. (e) SELECTION CRITERIA .—In selecting from among applicants for participation in the program, the Secretary may give priority consideration to projects that— (1) will achieve the greatest reductions in aircraft noise, airport emissions, or airport water quality impacts either on an absolute basis or on a per dollar of funds expended basis; and (2) will be implemented by an eligible consortium. (f) FEDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of a project carried out under the program shall be 50 percent. (g) MAXIMUM AMOUNT .—Not more than $2,500,000 may be made available by the Secretary in grants under the program for any single project. (h) IDENTIFYING BESTPRACTICES .—The Sec retary may establish and publish information identifying best practices for reducing or mitigating aviation impacts on noise, air quality, and water quality at airports or in the vicinity of airports based on the projects carried out under the program. (i) SUNSET .—The program shall terminate 5 years after the Secretary makes the first grant under the program. (j) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the following definitions apply: (1) ELIGIBLE CONSORTIUM .—The term ‘‘eligible consortium’’ means a consortium that is comprised of 2 or more of the following entities: (A) Businesses incorporated in the United States. (B) Public or private educational or research organizations located in the United States. (C) Entities of State or local governments in the United States. (D) Federal laboratories. (2) ENVIRONMENTAL MITIGATION PROJECT .— The term ‘‘environmental mitigation project’’ means a project that— (A) introduces new environmental mitigation techniques or technologies that have been proven in laboratory demonstrations; (B) proposes methods for efficient adaptation or integration of new concepts into airport operations; and (C) will demonstrate whether new techniques or technologies for environmental mitigation are— (i) practical to implement at or near multiple publicuse airports; and (ii) capable of reducing noise, airport emissions, or water quality impacts in measurably significant amounts. SEC. 159. AIRCRAFT NOISE EXPOSURE. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall conduct a review of the relationship between aircraft noise exposure and its effects on communities around airports. (b) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the review. (2) PRELIMINARY RECOMMENDATIONS .—The report shall contain such preliminary recommendations as the Administrator determines appropriate for revising the land use compatibility guidelines in part 150 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, based on the results of the review and in coordination with other agencies. 
SEC. 160. COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT IN FAA NEXTGEN PROJECTS LOCATED IN METROPLEXES. 
(a) C OMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT POLICY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall complete a review of the Federal Aviation Administration’s community involvement practices for Next Generation Air Transportation System (NextGen) projects located in metroplexes identified by the Administration. The review shall include, at a minimum, a determination of how and when to engage airports and communities in performancebased navigation proposals. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after completion of the review, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on— (1) how the Administration will improve community involvement practices for NextGen projects located in metroplexes; (2) how and when the Administration will engage airports and communities in performancebased navigation proposals; and (3) lessons learned from NextGen projects and pilot programs and how those lessons learned are being integrated into community involvement practices for future NextGen projects located in metroplexes. 
SEC. 161. CRITICAL HABITAT ON OR NEAR AIRPORT PROPERTY. 
(a) F EDERAL AGENCY REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary of Transportation, to the maximum extent practicable, shall work with the heads of appropriate Federal agencies to ensure that designations of critical habitat, as that term is defined in section 3 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1532), on or near airport property do not— (1) result in conflicting statutory, regulatory, or Federal grant assurance requirements for airports or aircraft operators; (2) interfere with the safe operation of aircraft; or (3) occur on airportowned lands that have become attractive habitat for a threatened or endangered species because such lands— (A) have been prepared for future development; (B) have been designated as noise buffer land; or (C) are held by the airport to prevent encroachment of uses that are incompatible with airport operations. (b) STATE REQUIREMENTS .—In a State where a State agency is authorized to designate land on or near airport property for the conservation of a threatened or endangered species in the State, the Secretary, to the maximum extent practicable, shall work 
with the State in the same manner as the Secretary works with the heads of Federal agencies under subsection (a). 
SEC. 162. CLARIFICATION OF REIMBURSABLE ALLOWED COSTS OF FAA MEMORANDA OF AGREEMENT. 
Section 47504(c)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (E) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) to an airport operator of a congested airport (as defined in section 47175) and a unit of local government referred to in paragraph (1)(B) to carry out a project to mitigate noise, if the project— ‘‘(i) consists of— ‘‘(I) replacement windows, doors, and the installation of throughthewall airconditioning units; or ‘‘(II) a contribution of the equivalent costs to be used for reconstruction, if reconstruction is the preferred local solution; ‘‘(ii) is located at a school near the airport; and ‘‘(iii) is included in a memorandum of agreement entered into before September 30, 2002, even if the airport has not met the requirements of part 150 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, and only if the financial limitations of the memorandum are applied.’’. TITLE II—FAA SAFETY CERTIFICATION REFORM Subtitle A—General Provisions 
In this title, the following definitions apply: (1) FAA.—The term ‘‘FAA’’ means the Federal Aviation Administration. (2) SAFETY OVERSIGHT AND CERTIFICATION  
ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—The term ‘‘Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee’’ means the Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee established under section 202. (3) SYSTEMS SAFETY APPROACH .—The term ‘‘systems safety approach’’ means the application of specialized technical and managerial skills to the systematic, forwardlooking identification and control of hazards throughout the lifecycle of a project, program, or activity. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish a Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Advisory Committee’’). (b) DUTIES .—The Advisory Committee shall provide advice to the Secretary on policy level issues facing the aviation community that are related to FAA certification and safety oversight programs and activities, including, at a minimum, the following: (1) Aircraft and flight standards certification processes, including efforts to streamline those processes. (2) Implementation and oversight of safety management systems. (3) Riskbased oversight efforts. (4) Utilization of delegation and designation authorities. (5) Regulatory interpretation standardization efforts. (6) Training programs. (7) Expediting the rulemaking process and giving priority to rules related to safety. (c) FUNCTIONS .—The Advisory Committee shall carry out the following functions (as the functions relate to FAA certification and safety oversight programs and activities): (1) Foster industry collaboration in an open and transparent manner. (2) Consult with, and ensure participation by— (A) the private sector, including representatives of— (i) general aviation; (ii) commercial aviation; (iii) aviation labor; (iv) aviation maintenance; (v) aviation, aerospace, and avionics manufacturing; (vi) unmanned aircraft systems operators and manufacturers; and (vii) the commercial space transportation industry; (B) members of the public; and (C) other interested parties. (3) Establish consensus national goals, strategic objectives, and priorities for the most efficient, streamlined, and costeffective certification and oversight processes in order to maintain the safety of the aviation system and, at the same time, allow the FAA to meet future needs and ensure that aviation stakeholders remain competitive in the global marketplace. (4) Provide policy guidance for the FAA’s certification and safety oversight efforts. (5) Provide ongoing policy reviews of the FAA’s certification and safety oversight efforts. (6) Make appropriate legislative, regulatory, and guidance recommendations for the air transportation system and the aviation safety regulatory environment. (7) Establish performance objectives for the FAA and industry. (8) Establish performance metrics and goals for the FAA and the regulated aviation industry to be tracked and reviewed as streamlining and certification reform and regulation standardization efforts progress. (9) Provide a venue for tracking progress toward national goals and sustaining joint commitments. (10) Develop recruiting, hiring, training, and continuing education objectives for FAA aviation safety engineers and aviation safety inspectors. (11) Provide advice and recommendations to the FAA on how to prioritize safety rulemaking projects. (12) Improve the development of FAA regulations by providing information, advice, and recommendations related to aviation issues. (13) Facilitate the validation of United States products abroad. (d) MEMBERSHIP .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee shall be composed of the following members: (A) The Administrator of the FAA (or the Administrator’s designee). (B) Individuals appointed by the Secretary to represent the following interests: (i) Aircraft and engine manufacturers. (ii) Avionics and equipment manufacturers. (iii) Labor organizations, including collective bargaining representatives of FAA aviation safety inspectors and aviation safety engineers. (iv) General aviation operators. (v) Air carriers. (vi) Business aviation operators. (vii) Unmanned aircraft systems manufacturers and operators. (viii) Aviation safety management expertise. (ix) Aviation maintenance. (2) NONVOTING MEMBERS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—In addition to the members appointed under paragraph (1), the Advisory Committee shall be composed of nonvoting members appointed by the Secretary from among individuals representing FAA safety oversight program offices. (B) DUTIES .—The nonvoting members shall— (i) take part in deliberations of the Advisory Committee; and (ii) provide input with respect to any final reports or recommendations of the Advisory Committee. (C) LIMITATION .—The nonvoting members may not represent any stakeholder interest other than FAA safety oversight program offices. (3) TERMS .—Each member and nonvoting member of the Advisory Committee appointed by the Secretary shall be appointed for a term of 2 years. (4) COMMITTEE CHARACTERISTICS .—The Ad visory Committee shall have the following characteristics: (A) An executivelevel membership, with members who can represent and enter into commitments for their organizations. (B) The ability to obtain necessary information from experts in the aviation and aerospace communities. (C) A membership size that enables the Committee to have substantive discussions and reach consensus on issues in a timely manner. (D) Appropriate expertise, including expertise in certification and riskedbased safety oversight processes, operations, policy, technology, labor relations, training, and finance. (5) LIMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC TION.—Public Law 104–65 (2 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.) may not be construed to prohibit or otherwise limit the appointment of any individual as a member of the Advisory Committee. (e) CHAIRPERSON .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Chairperson of the Advisory Committee shall be appointed by the Secretary from among those members of the Advisory Committee that are executive level members of the aviation industry. (2) TERM.—Each member appointed under paragraph (1) shall serve a term of 1 year as Chairperson. (f) MEETINGS .— (1) FREQUENCY .—The Advisory Committee shall meet at least twice each year at the call of the Chairperson. (2) PUBLIC ATTENDANCE .—The meetings of the Advisory Committee shall be open to the public. (g) SPECIAL COMMITTEES .— (1) ESTABLISHMENT .—The Advisory Committee may establish special committees composed of private sector representatives, members of the public, labor representatives, and other interested parties in complying with consultation and participation requirements under this section. (2) RULEMAKING ADVICE .—A special committee established by the Advisory Committee may— (A) provide rulemaking advice and recommendations to the Administrator with respect to aviationrelated issues; (B) afford the FAA additional opportunities to obtain firsthand information and insight from those parties that are most affected by existing and proposed regulations; and (C) expedite the development, revision, or elimination of rules without circumventing public rulemaking processes and procedures. (3) APPLICABLE LAW .—Public Law 92–463 shall not apply to a special committee established by the Advisory Committee. (h) SUNSET .—The Advisory Committee shall terminate on the last day of the 6year period beginning on the date of the initial appointment of the members of the Advisory Committee. (i) TERMINATION OF AIRTRAFFIC PROCE DURES ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—The Air Traffic Procedures Advisory Committee established by the FAA shall terminate on the 
date of the initial appointment of the members of the Advisory Committee. Subtitle B—Aircraft Certification Reform 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date on which the Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee is established under section 202, the Administrator of the FAA shall establish performance objectives and apply and track metrics for the FAA and the aviation industry relating to aircraft certification in accordance with this section. (b) COLLABORATION .—The Administrator shall carry out this section in collaboration with the Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee. (c) PERFORMANCE OBJECTIVES .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Administrator shall establish performance objectives for the FAA and the aviation industry to ensure that, with respect to aircraft certification, progress is made toward, at a minimum— (1) eliminating certification delays and improving cycle times; (2) increasing accountability for both FAA and industry entities; (3) achieving full utilization of FAA delegation and designation authorities; (4) fully implementing risk management principles and a systems safety approach; (5) reducing duplication of effort; (6) increasing transparency; (7) establishing and providing training, including recurrent training, in auditing and a systems safety approach to certification oversight; (8) improving the process for approving or accepting certification actions between the FAA and bilateral partners; (9) maintaining and improving safety; (10) streamlining the hiring process for— (A) qualified systems safety engineers to support FAA efforts to implement a systems safety approach; and (B) qualified systems engineers to guide the engineering of complex systems within the FAA; and (11) maintaining the leadership of the United States in international aviation and aerospace. (d) PERFORMANCE METRICS .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Administrator shall apply and track performance metrics for the FAA and the regulated aviation industry established by the Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee. (e) DATAGENERATION .— (1) BASELINES .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee establishes initial performance metrics for the FAA and the regulated aviation industry under section 202, the Administrator shall generate initial data with respect to each of the metrics applied and tracked under this section. (2) MEASURING PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS .— The Administrator shall use the metrics applied and tracked under this section to generate data on an ongoing basis and to measure progress toward the achievement of national goals established by the Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee. (f) PUBLICATION .—The Administrator shall make data generated using the metrics applied and tracked under this section available to the public in a searchable, sortable, and downloadable format through the internet website of the FAA and other appropriate methods and shall ensure that the data is made available in a manner that— (1) does not provide identifying information regarding an individual or entity; and (2) protects proprietary information. SEC. 212. ORGANIZATION DESIGNATION AUTHORIZATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 44736. Organization designation authorizations ‘‘(a) DELEGATIONS OF FUNCTIONS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), when overseeing an ODA holder, the Administrator of the FAA shall— ‘‘(A) require, based on an application submitted by the ODA holder and approved by the Administrator (or the Administrator’s designee), a procedures manual that addresses all procedures and limitations regarding the functions to be performed by the ODA holder; ‘‘(B) delegate fully to the ODA holder each of the functions to be performed as specified in the procedures manual, unless the Administrator determines, after the date of the delegation and as a result of an inspection or other investigation, that the public interest and safety of air commerce requires a limitation with respect to 1 or more of the functions; and ‘‘(C) conduct regular oversight activities by inspecting the ODA holder’s delegated functions and taking action based on validated inspection findings. ‘‘(2) DUTIES OF ODA HOLDERS .—An ODA holder shall— ‘‘(A) perform each function delegated to the ODA holder in accordance with the approved procedures manual for the delegation; ‘‘(B) make the procedures manual available to each member of the appropriate ODA unit; and ‘‘(C) cooperate fully with oversight activities conducted by the Administrator in connection with the delegation. ‘‘(3) EXISTING ODA HOLDERS .—With regard to an ODA holder operating under a procedures manual approved by the Administrator before the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) at the request of the ODA holder and in an expeditious manner, approve revisions to the ODA holder’s procedures manual; ‘‘(B) delegate fully to the ODA holder each of the functions to be performed as specified in the procedures manual, unless the Administrator determines, after the date of the delegation and as a result of an inspection or other investigation, that the public interest and safety of air commerce requires a limitation with respect to one or more of the functions; and ‘‘(C) conduct regular oversight activities by inspecting the ODA holder delegated functions and taking action based on validated inspection findings. ‘‘(b) ODA OFFICE .— ‘‘(1) ESTABLISHMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator of the FAA shall identify, within the FAA Office of Aviation Safety, a centralized policy office to be known as the Organization Designation Authorization Office or the ODA Office. ‘‘(2) PURPOSE .—The purpose of the ODA Office shall be to oversee and ensure the consistency of the FAA’s audit functions under the ODA program across the FAA. ‘‘(3) FUNCTIONS .—The ODA Office shall— ‘‘(A) improve performance and ensure full utilization of the authorities delegated under the ODA program; ‘‘(B) create a more consistent approach to audit priorities, procedures, and training under the ODA program; ‘‘(C) review, in a timely fashion, a random sample of limitations on delegated authorities under the ODA program to determine if the limitations are appropriate; ‘‘(D) ensure national consistency in the interpretation and application of the requirements of the ODA program, including any limitations, and in the performance of the ODA program; and ‘‘(E) at the request of an ODA holder, review and approve new limitations to ODA functions. ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the following definitions apply: ‘‘(1) FAA.—The term ‘FAA’ means the Federal Aviation Administration. ‘‘(2) ODA 
HOLDER .—The term ‘ODA holder’ means an entity authorized to perform functions pursuant to a delegation made by the Administrator of the FAA under section 44702(d). ‘‘(3) ODA 
UNIT.—The term ‘‘ODA unit’’ means a group of 2 or more individuals who perform, under the supervision of an ODA holder, authorized functions under an ODA. ‘‘(4) ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘organization’’ means a firm, partnership, corporation, company, association, jointstock association, or governmental entity. ‘‘(5) ORGANIZATION DESIGNATION AUTHORIZA TION; ODA.—The term ‘Organization Designation Authorization’ or ‘ODA’ means an authorization by the FAA under section 44702(d) for an organization comprised of 1 or more ODA units to perform approved functions on behalf of the FAA.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘44736. Organization designation authorizations.’’. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF EXPERT REVIEW  PANEL .— (1) EXPERT PANEL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the FAA shall convene a multidisciplinary expert review panel (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Panel’’). (2) COMPOSITION OF PANEL .— (A) APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS .—The Panel shall be composed of not more than 20 members appointed by the Administrator. (B) QUALIFICATIONS .—The members appointed to the Panel shall— (i) each have a minimum of 5 years of experience in processes and procedures under the ODA program; and (ii) represent, at a minimum, ODA holders, aviation manufacturers, safety experts, and FAA labor organizations, including labor representatives of FAA aviation safety inspectors and aviation safety engineers. (b) SURVEY .—The Panel shall conduct a survey of ODA holders and ODA program applicants to document and assess FAA certification and oversight activities, including use of the ODA program and the timeliness and efficiency of the certification process. (c) ASSESSMENT AND RECOMMENDATIONS .— The Panel shall assess and make recommendations concerning— (1) the FAA’s processes and procedures under the ODA program and whether the processes and procedures function as intended; (2) the best practices of and lessons learned by ODA holders and individuals who provide oversight of ODA holders; (3) performance incentive policies related to the ODA program for FAA personnel; (4) training activities related to the ODA program for FAA personnel and ODA holders; (5) the impact, if any, that oversight of the ODA program has on FAA resources and the FAA’s ability to process applications for certifications outside of the ODA program; and (6) the results of the survey conducted under subsection (b). 
(d) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date the Panel is convened under subsection (a), the Panel shall submit to the Administrator, the Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the findings and recommendations of the Panel. (e) DEFINITIONS .—The definitions contained in section 44736 of title 49, United States Code, as added by this Act, apply to this section. (f) APPLICABLE LAW.—Public Law 92–463 shall not apply to the Panel. (g) SUNSET .—The Panel shall terminate on the date of submission of the report under subsection (d), or on the date that is 1 year after the Panel is convened under subsection (a), whichever occurs first. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 44704(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) TYPE CERTIFICATION RESOLUTION PROC ESS.— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 15 months after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Administrator shall establish an effective, timely, and milestonebased issue resolution process for type certification activities under this subsection. ‘‘(B) PROCESS REQUIREMENTS .—The resolution process shall provide for— ‘‘(i) resolution of technical issues at preestablished stages of the certification process, as agreed to by the Administrator and the type certificate applicant; ‘‘(ii) automatic elevation to appropriate management personnel of the Federal Aviation Administration and the type certificate applicant of any major certification process milestone that is not completed or resolved within a specific period of time agreed to by the Administrator and the type certificate applicant; and ‘‘(iii) resolution of a major certification process milestone elevated pursuant to clause (ii) within a specific period of time agreed to by the Administrator and the type certificate applicant. ‘‘(C) MAJOR CERTIFICATION PROCESS MILE STONE DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘major certification process milestone’ means a milestone related to a type certification basis, type certification plan, type inspection authorization, issue paper, or other major type certification activity agreed to by the Administrator and the type certificate applicant.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is amended in the section heading by striking ‘‘ airworthi ness certificates,,’’ and inserting ‘‘airworthi ness certificates,’’. 
SEC. 215. REVIEW OF CERTIFICATION PROCESS FOR SMALL GENERAL AVIATION AIRPLANES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall initiate a review of the Federal Aviation Administration’s implementation of the final rule titled ‘‘Revision of Airworthiness Standards for Normal, Utility, Acrobatic, and Commuter Category Airplanes’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 96572). (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the review, the Inspector General shall assess— (1) how the rule puts into practice the Administration’s efforts to implement performance and riskbased safety standards; (2) whether the Administration’s implementation of the rule has improved safety and reduced the regulatory cost burden for the Administration and the aviation industry; and (3) if there are lessons learned from, and best practices developed as a result of, the rule that could be applied to airworthiness standards for other categories of aircraft. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of initiation of the review, the Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the review, including findings and recommendations. Subtitle C—Flight Standards Reform 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date on which the Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee is established under section 202, the Administrator of the FAA shall establish performance objectives and apply and track metrics for the FAA and the aviation industry relating to flight standards activities in accordance with this section. (b) COLLABORATION .—The Administrator shall carry out this section in collaboration with the Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee. (c) PERFORMANCE OBJECTIVES .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Administrator shall establish performance objectives for the FAA and the aviation industry to ensure that, with respect to flight standards activities, progress is made toward, at a minimum— (1) eliminating delays with respect to such activities; (2) increasing accountability for both FAA and industry entities; (3) achieving full utilization of FAA delegation and designation authorities; (4) fully implementing risk management principles and a systems safety approach; (5) reducing duplication of effort; (6) eliminating inconsistent regulatory interpretations and inconsistent enforcement activities; (7) improving and providing greater opportunities for training, including recurrent training, in auditing and a systems safety approach to oversight; (8) developing and allowing utilization of a single master source for guidance; (9) providing and utilizing a streamlined appeal process for the resolution of regulatory interpretation questions; (10) maintaining and improving safety; and (11) increasing transparency. (d) METRICS .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Administrator shall apply and track performance metrics for the FAA and the regulated aviation industry established by the Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee. (e) DATAGENERATION .— (1) BASELINES .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee establishes initial performance metrics for the FAA and the regulated aviation industry under section 202, the Administrator shall generate initial data with respect to each of the metrics applied and tracked under this section. (2) MEASURING PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS .— The Administrator shall use the metrics applied and tracked under this section to generate data on an ongoing basis and to measure progress toward the achievement of national goals established by the Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee. (f) PUBLICATION .—The Administrator shall make data generated using the metrics applied and tracked under this section available to the public in a searchable, sortable, and downloadable format through the internet website of the FAA and other appropriate methods and shall ensure that the data is made available in a manner that— (1) does not provide identifying information regarding an individual or entity; and (2) protects proprietary information. SEC. 232. FAA TASK FORCE ON FLIGHT STANDARDS REFORM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the FAA shall establish the FAA Task Force on Flight Standards Reform (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Task Force’’). (b) MEMBERSHIP .— (1) APPOINTMENT .—The membership of the Task Force shall be appointed by the Administrator. (2) NUMBER .—The Task Force shall be composed of not more than 20 members. (3) REPRESENTATION REQUIREMENTS .—The membership of the Task Force shall include representatives, with knowledge of flight standards regulatory processes and requirements, of— (A) air carriers; (B) general aviation; (C) business aviation; (D) repair stations; (E) unmanned aircraft systems operators; (F) flight schools; (G) labor unions, including those representing FAA aviation safety inspectors; and (H) aviation safety experts. (c) DUTIES .—The duties of the Task Force shall include, at a minimum, identifying best practices and providing recommendations, for current and anticipated budgetary environments, with respect to— (1) simplifying and streamlining flight standards regulatory processes; (2) reorganizing Flight Standards Services to establish an entity organized by function rather than geographic region, if appropriate; (3) FAA aviation safety inspector training opportunities; (4) FAA aviation safety inspector standards and performance; and (5) achieving, across the FAA, consistent— (A) regulatory interpretations; and (B) application of oversight activities. (d) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Task Force shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report detailing— (1) the best practices identified and recommendations provided by the Task Force under subsection (c); and (2) any recommendations of the Task Force for additional regulatory action or costeffective legislative action. (e) APPLICABLE LAW.—Public Law 92–463 shall not apply to the Task Force. (f) TERMINATION .—The Task Force shall terminate on the earlier of— (1) the date on which the Task Force submits the report required under subsection (d); or (2) the date that is 18 months after the date on which the Task Force is established under subsection (a). 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the FAA shall establish a centralized safety guidance database that will— (1) encompass all of the regulatory guidance documents of the FAA Office of Aviation Safety; 
(2) contain, for each such guidance document, a link to the Code of Federal Regulations provision to which the document relates; and (3) be publicly available in a manner that— (A) does not provide identifying information regarding an individual or entity; and (B) protects proprietary information. (b) DATAENTRY TIMING .— (1) EXISTING DOCUMENTS .—Not later than 14 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall begin entering into the database established under subsection (a) all of the regulatory guidance documents of the Office of Aviation Safety that are in effect and were issued before the date on which the Administrator begins such entry process. (2) NEW DOCUMENTS AND CHANGES .—On and after the date on which the Administrator begins the document entry process under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall ensure that all new regulatory guidance documents of the Office of Aviation Safety and any changes to existing documents are included in the database established under subsection (a). (c) CONSULTATION REQUIREMENT .—In estab lishing the database under subsection (a), the Administrator shall consult and collaborate with appropriate stakeholders, including labor organizations (including those representing aviation workers and FAA aviation safety inspectors) and industry stakeholders. (d) REGULATORY GUIDANCE DOCUMENTS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘regulatory guidance documents’’ means all forms of written information issued by the FAA that an individual or entity may use to interpret or apply FAA regulations and requirements, including information an individual or entity may use to determine acceptable means of compliance with such regulations and requirements. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the FAA shall establish a Regulatory Consistency Communications Board (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Board’’). (b) CONSULTATION REQUIREMENT .—In estab lishing the Board, the Administrator shall consult and collaborate with appropriate stakeholders, including FAA labor organizations (including labor organizations representing FAA aviation safety inspectors) and industry stakeholders. (c) MEMBERSHIP .—The Board shall be composed of FAA representatives, appointed by the Administrator, from— (1) the Flight Standards Service; (2) the Aircraft Certification Service; and (3) the Office of the Chief Counsel. (d) FUNCTIONS .—The Board shall carry out the following functions: (1) Establish, at a minimum, processes by which— (A) FAA personnel and regulated entities may submit anonymous regulatory interpretation questions without fear of retaliation; and (B) FAA personnel may submit written questions, and receive written responses, as to whether a previous approval or regulatory interpretation issued by FAA personnel in another office or region is correct or incorrect. (2) Meet on a regular basis to discuss and resolve questions submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) and the appropriate application of regulations and policy with respect to each question. (3) Provide to an individual or entity that submitted a question pursuant to paragraph (1) a timely response to the question. (4) Establish a process to make resolutions of common regulatory interpretation questions publicly available to FAA personnel and regulated entities without providing any identifying data of the individuals or entities that submitted the questions and in a manner that protects any proprietary information. (5) Ensure the incorporation of resolutions of questions submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) into regulatory guidance documents. (e) PERFORMANCE METRICS , TIMELINES , AND GOALS .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee establishes performance metrics for the FAA and the regulated aviation industry under section 202, the Administrator, in collaboration with the Advisory Committee, shall— (1) establish performance metrics, timelines, and goals to measure the progress of the Board in resolving regulatory interpretation questions submitted pursuant to subsection (d)(1); and (2) implement a process for tracking the progress of the Board in meeting the metrics, timelines, and goals established under paragraph (1). Subtitle D—Safety Workforce 
(a) S AFETY WORKFORCE TRAINING STRAT EGY.—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the FAA shall establish a safety workforce training strategy that— (1) allows employees participating in organization management teams or conducting ODA program audits to complete, in a timely fashion, appropriate training, including recurrent training, in auditing and a systems safety approach to oversight; (2) seeks knowledgesharing opportunities between the FAA and the aviation industry regarding new equipment and systems, best practices, and other areas of interest; (3) functions within the current and anticipated budgetary environments; and (4) includes milestones and metrics for meeting the requirements of paragraphs (1), (2), and (3). (b) REPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of establishment of the strategy required under subsection (a), the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the implementation of the strategy and progress in meeting any milestones and metrics included in the strategy. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the following definitions apply: (1) ODA; 
ODA HOLDER .—The terms ‘‘ODA’’ and ‘‘ODA holder’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 44736 of title 49, United States Code, as added by this Act. (2) ORGANIZATION MANAGEMENT TEAM .—The term ‘‘organization management team’’ means a team consisting of FAA aviation safety engineers, flight test pilots, and aviation safety inspectors overseeing an ODA holder and its certification activity. 
(a) W ORKFORCE REVIEW .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review to assess the workforce and training needs of the FAA Office of Aviation Safety in the anticipated budgetary environment. (b) CONTENTS .—The review required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a review of current aviation safety inspector and aviation safety engineer hiring, training, and recurrent training requirements; (2) an analysis of the skills and qualifications required of aviation safety inspectors and aviation safety engineers for successful performance in the current and future projected aviation safety regulatory environment, including the need for a systems engineering discipline within the FAA to guide the engineering of complex systems, with an emphasis on auditing designated authorities; (3) a review of current performance incentive policies of the FAA, as applied to the Office of Aviation Safety, including awards for performance; (4) an analysis of ways the FAA can work with industry and labor, including labor groups representing FAA aviation safety inspectors and aviation safety engineers, to establish knowledgesharing opportunities between the FAA and the aviation industry regarding new equipment and systems, best practices, and other areas of interest; and (5) recommendations on the most effective qualifications, training programs (including elearning training), and performance incentive approaches to address the needs of the future projected aviation safety regulatory system in the anticipated budgetary environment. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the review required under subsection (a). Subtitle E—International Aviation 
SEC. 251. PROMOTION OF UNITED STATES AEROSPACE STANDARDS, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES ABROAD. 
Section 40104 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) PROMOTION OF UNITED STATES AEROSPACE STANDARDS , PRODUCTS , AND SERVICES  ABROAD .—The Administrator shall take appropriate actions to— ‘‘(1) promote United States aerospace safety standards abroad; ‘‘(2) facilitate and vigorously defend approvals of United States aerospace products and services abroad; ‘‘(3) with respect to bilateral partners, utilize bilateral safety agreements and other mechanisms to improve validation of United States type certificated aeronautical products and appliances and enhance mutual acceptance in order to eliminate redundancies and unnecessary costs; and ‘‘(4) with respect to foreign safety authorities, streamline validation and coordination processes.’’. 
Section 44701(e) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) FOREIGN AIRWORTHINESS DIRECTIVES .— ‘‘(A) ACCEPTANCE .—The Administrator may accept an airworthiness directive issued by an aeronautical safety authority of a foreign country, and leverage that authority’s regulatory process, if— ‘‘(i) the country is the state of design for the product that is the subject of the airworthiness directive; ‘‘(ii) the United States has a bilateral safety agreement relating to aircraft certification with the country; ‘‘(iii) as part of the bilateral safety agreement with the country, the Administrator has determined that such aeronautical safety authority has a certification system relating to safety that produces a level of safety equivalent to the level produced by the 
system of the Federal Aviation Administration; ‘‘(iv) the aeronautical safety authority of the country utilizes an open and transparent notice and comment process in the issuance of airworthiness directives; and ‘‘(v) the airworthiness directive is necessary to provide for the safe operation of the aircraft subject to the directive. ‘‘(B) ALTERNATIVE APPROVAL PROCESS .— Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), the Administrator may issue a Federal Aviation Administration airworthiness directive instead of accepting an airworthiness directive otherwise eligible for acceptance under such subparagraph, if the Administrator determines that such issuance is necessary for safety or operational reasons due to the complexity or unique features of the Federal Aviation Administration airworthiness directive or the United States aviation system. ‘‘(C) ALTERNATIVE MEANS OF COMPLIANCE .— The Administrator may— ‘‘(i) accept an alternative means of compliance, with respect to an airworthiness directive accepted under subparagraph (A), that was approved by the aeronautical safety authority of the foreign country that issued the airworthiness directive; or ‘‘(ii) notwithstanding subparagraph (A), and at the request of any person affected by an airworthiness directive accepted under such subparagraph, approve an alternative means of compliance with respect to the airworthiness directive. ‘‘(D) LIMITATION .—The Administrator may not accept an airworthiness directive issued by an aeronautical safety authority of a foreign country if the airworthiness directive addresses matters other than those involving the safe operation of an aircraft.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—To promote United States aerospace safety standards, reduce redundant regulatory activity, and facilitate acceptance of FAA design and production approvals abroad, the Administrator of the FAA shall— (1) attain greater expertise in issues related to dispute resolution, intellectual property, and export control laws to better support FAA certification and other aerospace regulatory activities abroad; (2) work with United States companies to more accurately track the amount of time it takes foreign authorities, including bilateral partners, to validate United States type certificated aeronautical products; (3) provide assistance to United States companies that have experienced significantly long foreign validation wait times; (4) work with foreign authorities, including bilateral partners, to collect and analyze data to determine the timeliness of the acceptance and validation of FAA design and production approvals by foreign authorities and the acceptance and validation of foreign certified products by the FAA; (5) establish appropriate benchmarks and metrics to measure the success of bilateral aviation safety agreements and to reduce the validation time for United States type certificated aeronautical products abroad; and (6) work with foreign authorities, including bilateral partners, to improve the timeliness of the acceptance and validation of FAA design and production approvals by foreign authorities and the acceptance and validation of foreigncertified products by the FAA. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the FAA shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that— (1) describes the FAA’s strategic plan for international engagement; (2) describes the structure and responsibilities of all FAA offices that have international responsibilities, including the Aircraft Certification Office, and all the activities conducted by those offices related to certification and production; (3) describes current and forecasted staffing and travel needs for the FAA’s international engagement activities, including the needs of the Aircraft Certification Office in the current and forecasted budgetary environment; (4) provides recommendations, if appropriate, to improve the existing structure and personnel and travel policies supporting the FAA’s international engagement activities, including the activities of the Aviation Certification Office, to better support the growth of United States aerospace exports; and (5) identifies costeffective policy initiatives, regulatory initiatives, or legislative initiatives needed to improve and enhance the timely acceptance of United States aerospace products abroad. (c) INTERNATIONAL TRAVEL .—The Administrator of the FAA, or the Administrator’s designee, may authorize international travel for any FAA employee, without the approval of any other person or entity, if the Administrator determines that the travel is necessary— (1) to promote United States aerospace safety standards; or (2) to support expedited acceptance of FAA design and production approvals. 
Section 45305 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘Subject to subsection (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (c)’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the following: ‘‘(b) CERTIFICATION SERVICES .—Subject to subsection (c), and notwithstanding section 45301(a), the Administrator may establish and collect a fee from a foreign government or entity for services related to certification, regardless of where the services are provided, if the fee— ‘‘(1) is established and collected in a manner consistent with aviation safety agreements; and ‘‘(2) does not exceed the estimated costs of the services.’’. TITLE III—SAFETY Subtitle A—General Provisions 
(a) EL EARNING TRAINING PILOT PROGRAM .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, in collaboration with the exclusive bargaining representatives of covered FAA personnel, shall establish an elearning training pilot program in accordance with the requirements of this section. (b) CURRICULUM .—The pilot program shall— (1) include a recurrent training curriculum for covered FAA personnel to ensure that the personnel receive instruction on the latest aviation technologies, processes, and procedures; (2) focus on providing specialized technical training for covered FAA personnel, as determined necessary by the Administrator; (3) include training courses on applicable regulations of the Federal Aviation Administration; and (4) consider the efficacy of instructorled online training. (c) PILOT PROGRAM TERMINATION .—The pilot program shall terminate 1 year after the date of establishment of the pilot program. (d) ELEARNING TRAINING PROGRAM .—Upon termination of the pilot program, the Administrator shall establish an elearning training program that incorporates lessons learned for covered FAA personnel as a result of the pilot program. (e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the following definitions apply: (1) COVERED FAA PERSONNEL .—The term ‘‘covered FAA personnel’’ means airway transportation systems specialists and aviation safety inspectors of the Federal Aviation Administration. (2) ELEARNING TRAINING .—The term ‘‘e learning training’’ means learning utilizing electronic technologies to access educational curriculum outside of a traditional classroom. 
(a) U PDATE OF FAA’ SSAFETY CRITICAL  STAFFING MODEL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall update the safety critical staffing model of the Administration to determine the number of aviation safety inspectors that will be needed to fulfill the safety oversight mission of the Administration. (b) AUDIT BY DOT I NSPECTOR GENERAL .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Administrator has updated the safety critical staffing model under subsection (a), the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall conduct an audit of the staffing model. (2) CONTENTS .—The audit shall include, at a minimum— (A) a review of the assumptions and methodologies used in devising and implementing the staffing model to assess the adequacy of the staffing model in predicting the number of aviation safety inspectors needed— (i) to properly fulfill the mission of the Administration; and (ii) to meet the future growth of the aviation industry; and (B) a determination on whether the staffing model takes into account the Administration’s authority to fully utilize designees. (3) REPORT ON AUDIT .— (A) REPORT TO SECRETARY .—Not later than 30 days after the date of completion of the audit, the Inspector General shall submit to the Secretary a report on the results of the audit. (B) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of receipt of the report, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a copy of the report, together with, if appropriate, a description of any actions taken or to be taken to address the results of the audit. 
SEC. 303. INTERNATIONAL EFFORTS REGARDING TRACKING OF CIVIL AIRCRAFT. 
The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall exercise leadership on creating a global approach to improving aircraft tracking by working with— (1) foreign counterparts of the Administrator in the International Civil Aviation Organization and its subsidiary organizations; (2) other international organizations and fora; and (3) the private sector. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall initiate an assessment of 
aircraft data access and retrieval systems for part 121 air carrier aircraft that are used in extended overwater operations to— (1) determine if the systems provide improved access and retrieval of aircraft data and cockpit voice recordings in the event of an aircraft accident; and (2) assess the cost effectiveness of each system assessed. (b) SYSTEMS TOBEEXAMINED .—The sys tems to be examined under this section shall include, at a minimum— (1) automatic deployable flight recorders; (2) emergency locator transmitters; and (3) satellitebased solutions. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of initiation of the assessment, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the assessment. (d) PART121 A IRCARRIER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘part 121 air carrier’’ means an air carrier that holds a certificate issued under part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall initiate a review of heads up display systems, headsdown display systems employing synthetic vision systems, and enhanced vision systems (in this section referred to as ‘‘HUD systems’’, ‘‘SVS’’, and ‘‘EVS’’, respectively). (b) CONTENTS .—The review shall— (1) evaluate the impacts of single and dualinstalled HUD systems, SVS, and EVS on the safety and efficiency of aircraft operations within the national airspace system; and (2) review a sufficient quantity of commercial aviation accidents or incidents in order to evaluate if HUD systems, SVS, and EVS would have produced a better outcome in that accident or incident. (c) CONSULTATION .—In conducting the review, the Administrator shall consult with aviation manufacturers, representatives of pilot groups, aviation safety organizations, and any government agencies the Administrator considers appropriate. (d) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report containing the results of the review, the actions the Administrator plans to take with respect to the systems reviewed, and the associated timeline for such actions. 
Section 2110 of the FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act of 2016 (49 U.S.C. 44718 note) is amended— (1) by striking subsections (a) through (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) APPLICATION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided by paragraph (2), not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018 or the availability of the database developed by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration pursuant to subsection (c), whichever is later, all covered towers shall be either— ‘‘(A) clearly marked consistent with applicable guidance in the advisory circular of the Federal Aviation Administration issued December 4, 2015 (AC 70/7460–IL); or ‘‘(B) included in the database described in subsection (c). ‘‘(2) METEOROLOGICAL EVALUATION TOWER .— A covered tower that is a meteorological evaluation tower shall be subject to the requirements of paragraphs (1)(A) and (1)(B).’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively; (3) in subsection (b)(1)(A) (as so redesignated)— (A) in clause (i)(I) by striking ‘‘selfstanding or’’ and inserting ‘‘a meteorological evaluation tower or tower’’; and (B) in clause (ii)— (i) in subclause (IV) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) in subclause (V) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(VI) is located within the rightofway of a rail carrier, including within the boundaries of a rail yard, and is used for a railroad purpose; ‘‘(VII) is determined by the Administrator to pose no hazard to air navigation; or ‘‘(VIII) has already mitigated any hazard to aviation safety in accordance with Federal Aviation Administration guidance or as otherwise approved by the Administrator.’’; and (4) in subsection (c) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) develop a database that contains the location and height of each covered tower that, pursuant to subsection (a), the owner or operator of such tower elects not to mark, except that meteorological evaluation towers shall be marked and contained in the database;’’; (B) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (4) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) ensure that the tower information in the database is deidentified and that the information only includes the location and height of covered towers; and ‘‘(6) make the database available for use not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018.’’. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall review— (1) evacuation certification of transport category aircraft used in air transportation, with regard to— (A) emergency conditions, including impacts into water; (B) crew procedures used for evacuations under actual emergency conditions; and (C) any relevant changes to passenger demographics and legal requirements (including the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990) that affect emergency evacuations; and (2) recent accidents and incidents where passengers evacuated such aircraft. (b) CONSULTATION ; REVIEW OF DATA.—In conducting the review, the Administrator shall— (1) consult with the National Transportation Safety Board, transportcategory aircraft manufacturers, air carriers, and other relevant experts and Federal agencies, including groups representing passengers, airline crewmembers, maintenance employees, and emergency responders; and (2) review relevant data with respect to evacuation certification of transportcategory aircraft. (c) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the review and related recommendations, if any, including any recommendations for revisions to the assumptions and methods used for assessing evacuation certification of transportcategory aircraft. SEC. 308. ODA STAFFING AND OVERSIGHT. 
(a) R EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the Administration’s progress with respect to— (1) determining what additional model inputs and labor distribution codes are needed to identify ODA oversight staffing needs; (2) developing and implementing system based evaluation criteria and riskbased tools to aid ODA team members in targeting their oversight activities; (3) developing agreements and processes for sharing resources to ensure adequate oversight of ODA personnel performing certification and inspection work at supplier and company facilities; and (4) ensuring full utilization of ODA authority. (b) ODA DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘ODA’’ has the meaning given that term in section 44736 of title 49, United States Code, as added by this Act. 
Section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) FUNDING FOR ADDITIONAL SAFETY  NEEDS .— ‘‘(1) ACCEPTANCE OF APPLICANT PROVIDED  
FUNDS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator may accept funds from an applicant for a certificate under this section to hire additional staff or obtain the services of consultants and experts to facilitate the timely processing, review, and issuance of certificates under this section. ‘‘(2) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Nothing in this section may be construed as permitting the Administrator to grant priority or afford any preference to an applicant providing funds under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) POLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—The Ad ministrator shall implement such policies and procedures as may be required to ensure that the acceptance of funds under paragraph (1) does not prejudice the Administrator in the issuance of any certificate to an applicant. ‘‘(3) RECEIPTS CREDITED AS OFFSETTING COL LECTIONS .—Notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, any funds accepted under this subsection— ‘‘(A) shall be credited as offsetting collections to the account that finances the activities and services for which the funds are accepted; ‘‘(B) shall be available for expenditure only to pay the costs of activities and services for which the funds are accepted; and ‘‘(C) shall remain available until expended.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 50924. Funding to facilitate FAA licensing ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Transportation may accept funds from a person applying for a license or permit under 
this chapter to hire additional staff or obtain the services of consultants and experts— ‘‘(1) to facilitate the timely processing, review, and issuance of licenses or permits issued under this chapter; ‘‘(2) to conduct environmental activities, studies, or reviews associated with such licenses or permits; or ‘‘(3) to conduct additional activities associated with or necessitated by such licenses or permits, including preapplication consultation, hazard area determination, or onsite inspection. ‘‘(b) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Nothing in this section may be construed as permitting the Secretary to grant priority or afford any preference to an applicant providing funds under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) POLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—The Sec retary shall implement such policies and procedures as may be required to ensure that the acceptance of funds under subsection (a) does not prejudice the Secretary in the issuance of any license or permit to an applicant. ‘‘(c) RECEIPTS CREDITED AS OFFSETTING  COLLECTIONS .—Notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, any funds accepted under this section— ‘‘(1) shall be credited as offsetting collections to the account that finances the activities and services for which the funds are accepted; ‘‘(2) shall be available for expenditure only to pay the costs of activities and services for which the funds are accepted; and ‘‘(3) shall remain available until expended.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘50924. Funding to facilitate FAA licensing.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall evaluate and revise, as appropriate, regulations in part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, regarding emergency medical equipment, including the contents of firstaid kits, applicable to all certificate holders operating passenger aircraft under that part. (b) CONSIDERATION .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Administrator shall consider whether the minimum contents of approved emergency medical kits, including approved firstaid kits, include appropriate medications and equipment to meet the emergency medical needs of children. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall conduct a human intervention motivation study (HIMS) program for flight crewmembers employed by commercial air carriers operating in United States airspace. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There shall be a presumption that an individual’s voluntary disclosure of an operational or maintenance issue related to aviation safety under an aviation safety action program meets the criteria for acceptance as a valid disclosure under such program. (b) DISCLAIMER REQUIRED .—Any dissemination of a disclosure that was submitted and accepted under an aviation safety action program pursuant to the presumption under subsection (a), but that has not undergone review by an event review committee, shall be accompanied by a disclaimer stating that the disclosure— (1) has not been reviewed by an event review committee tasked with reviewing such disclosures; and (2) may subsequently be determined to be ineligible for inclusion in the aviation safety action program. (c) REJECTION OF DISCLOSURE .—A disclo sure described under subsection (a) shall be rejected from an aviation safety action program if, after a review of the disclosure, an event review committee tasked with reviewing such disclosures determines that the disclosure fails to meet the criteria for acceptance under such program. (d) AVIATION SAFETY ACTION PROGRAM DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘aviation safety action program’’ means a program established in accordance with Federal Aviation Administration Advisory Circular 120– 66B, issued November 15, 2002 (including any similar successor advisory circular), to allow an individual to voluntarily disclose operational or maintenance issues related to aviation safety. 
SEC. 314. FLIGHT ATTENDANT DUTY PERIOD LIMITATIONS AND REST REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF FINAL RULE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall modify the final rule of the Federal Aviation Administration published in the Federal Register on August 19, 1994 (59 Fed. Reg. 42974; relating to flight attendant duty period limitations and rest requirements) in accordance with the requirements of this subsection. (2) CONTENTS .—The final rule, as modified under paragraph (1), shall ensure that— (A) a flight attendant scheduled to a duty period of 14 hours or less is given a scheduled rest period of at least 10 consecutive hours; and (B) the rest period is not reduced under any circumstances. (b) FATIGUE RISKMANAGEMENT PLAN.— (1) SUBMISSION OF PLAN BY PART 121 AIR CAR RIERS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each air carrier operating under part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (in this section referred to as a ‘‘part 121 air carrier’’), shall submit to the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration for review and acceptance a fatigue risk management plan for the carrier’s flight attendants. (2) CONTENTS OF PLAN .—A fatigue risk management plan submitted by a part 121 air carrier under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) Current flight time and duty period limitations. (B) A rest scheme consistent with such limitations that enables the management of flight attendant fatigue, including annual training to increase awareness of— (i) fatigue; (ii) the effects of fatigue on flight attendants; and (iii) fatigue countermeasures. (C) Development and use of a methodology that continually assesses the effectiveness of implementation of the plan, including the ability of the plan— (i) to improve alertness; and (ii) to mitigate performance errors. (3) REVIEW .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall review and accept or reject each fatigue risk management plan submitted under this subsection. If the Administrator rejects a plan, the Administrator shall provide suggested modifications for resubmission of the plan. (4) PLAN UPDATES .— (A) IN GENERAL .—A part 121 air carrier shall update its fatigue risk management plan under paragraph (1) every 2 years and submit the update to the Administrator for review and acceptance. (B) REVIEW .—Not later than 1 year after the date of submission of a plan update under subparagraph (A), the Administrator shall review and accept or reject the update. If the Administrator rejects an update, the Administrator shall provide suggested modifications for resubmission of the update. (5) COMPLIANCE .—A part 121 air carrier shall comply with the fatigue risk management plan of the air carrier that is accepted by the Administrator under this subsection. (6) CIVIL PENALTIES .—A violation of this subsection by a part 121 air carrier shall be treated as a violation of chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, for purposes of the application of civil penalties under chapter 463 of that title. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall issue an order requiring the installation of a secondary cockpit barrier on each aircraft that is manufactured for delivery to a passenger air carrier in the United States operating under the provisions of part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on technical workers in the aviation maintenance industry. (b) CONTENTS .—In conducting the study, the Comptroller General shall— (1) analyze the current Standard Occupational Classification system with regard to the aviation profession, particularly technical workers in the aviation maintenance industry; (2) analyze how changes to the Federal employment classification of aviation maintenance industry workers might affect government data on unemployment rates and wages; (3) analyze how changes to the Federal employment classification of aviation maintenance industry workers might affect projections for future aviation maintenance industry workforce needs and project technical worker shortfalls; (4) analyze the impact of Federal regulation, including Federal Aviation Administration oversight of certification, testing, and education programs, on employment of technical workers in the aviation maintenance industry; (5) develop recommendations on how Federal Aviation Administration regulations and policies could be improved to address aviation maintenance industry needs for technical workers; and (6) develop recommendations for better coordinating actions by government, educational institutions, and businesses to support workforce growth in the aviation maintenance industry. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study. (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the following definitions apply: (1) AVIATION MAINTENANCE INDUSTRY .—The term ‘‘aviation maintenance industry’’ means repair stations certificated under part 145 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. (2) TECHNICAL WORKER .—The term ‘‘technical worker’’ means an individual authorized under part 43 of title 14, Code of Federal 
Regulations, to maintain, rebuild, alter, or perform preventive maintenance on an aircraft, airframe, aircraft engine, propeller, appliance, or component part or employed by an entity so authorized to perform such a function. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall issue a request for proposal for a study that includes— (1) an independent, third party study to assess the durability of Type III and Type I glass beads applied to critical markings over a 2year period at not fewer than 2 primary airports in varying weather conditions to measure the retroreflectivity levels of such markings on a quarterly basis; and (2) a study at 2 other airports carried out by applying Type III beads on half of the centerline and Type I beads to the other half and providing for assessments from pilots through surveys administered by a third party as to the visibility and performance of the Type III glass beads as compared to the Type I glass beads over a 1year period. 
Section 106(p)(5) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or aerospace’’ after ‘‘aviation’’. Subtitle B—Unmanned Aircraft Systems 
Except as otherwise provided, the definitions contained in section 45501 of title 49, United States Code (as added by this Act), shall apply to this subtitle. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle VII of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 453 the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 455—UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘45501. Definitions. ‘‘45502. Integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into national airspace system. ‘‘45503. Riskbased permitting of unmanned aircraft systems. ‘‘45504. Public unmanned aircraft systems. ‘‘45505. Special rules for certain unmanned aircraft systems. ‘‘45506. Certification of new air navigation facilities for unmanned aircraft and other aircraft. ‘‘45507. Special rules for certain UTM and lowaltitude CNS. ‘‘45508. Operation of small unmanned aircraft. ‘‘45509. Special rules for model aircraft. ‘‘45510. Carriage of property for compensation or hire. ‘‘45511. Micro UAS operations. ‘‘§ 45501. Definitions ‘‘In this chapter, the following definitions apply: ‘‘(1) AERIAL DATA COLLECTION .—The term ‘aerial data collection’ means the gathering of data by a device aboard an unmanned aircraft during flight, including imagery, sensing, and measurement by such device. ‘‘(2) ARCTIC .—The term ‘Arctic’ means the United States zone of the Chukchi Sea, Beaufort Sea, and Bering Sea north of the Aleutian chain. ‘‘(3) CERTIFICATE OF WAIVER ; CERTIFICATE  
OF AUTHORIZATION .—The terms ‘certificate of waiver’ and ‘certificate of authorization’ mean a Federal Aviation Administration grant of approval for a specific flight operation. ‘‘(4) CNS.—The term ‘CNS’ means a communication, navigation, or surveillance system or service. ‘‘(5) MODEL AIRCRAFT .—the term ‘model aircraft’ means an unmanned aircraft that is— ‘‘(A) capable of sustained flight in the atmosphere; ‘‘(B) flown within visual line of sight of the person operating the aircraft; and ‘‘(C) flown for hobby or recreational purposes. ‘‘(6) PERMANENT AREAS .—The term ‘permanent areas’ means areas on land or water that provide for launch, recovery, and operation of small unmanned aircraft. ‘‘(7) PUBLIC UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM .— The term ‘public unmanned aircraft system’ means an unmanned aircraft system that meets the qualifications and conditions required for operation of a public aircraft (as defined in section 40102(a)). ‘‘(8) SENSE ANDAVOID CAPABILITY .—The term ‘senseandavoid capability’ means the capability of an unmanned aircraft to remain a safe distance from and to avoid collisions with other airborne aircraft. ‘‘(9) SMALL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT .—The term ‘small unmanned aircraft’ means an unmanned aircraft weighing less than 55 pounds, including everything that is on board or otherwise attached to the aircraft. ‘‘(10) UNMANNED AIRCRAFT .—The term ‘unmanned aircraft’ means an aircraft that is operated without the possibility of direct human intervention from within or on the aircraft. ‘‘(11) UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM .—The term ‘unmanned aircraft system’ means an unmanned aircraft and associated elements (including communication links and the components that control the unmanned aircraft) that are required for the pilot in command to operate safely and efficiently in the national airspace system. ‘‘(12) UTM.—The term ‘UTM’ means an unmanned aircraft traffic management system or service. ‘‘§ 45502. Integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into national airspace system ‘‘(a) REQUIRED PLANNING FOR INTEGRA TION.— ‘‘(1) COMPREHENSIVE PLAN .—Not later than November 10, 2012, the Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with representatives of the aviation industry, Federal agencies that employ unmanned aircraft systems technology in the national airspace system, and the unmanned aircraft systems industry, shall develop a comprehensive plan to safely accelerate the integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system. ‘‘(2) CONTENTS OF PLAN .—The plan required under paragraph (1) shall contain, at a minimum, recommendations or projections on— ‘‘(A) the rulemaking to be conducted under subsection (b), with specific recommendations on how the rulemaking will— ‘‘(i) define the acceptable standards for operation and certification of civil unmanned aircraft systems; ‘‘(ii) ensure that any civil unmanned aircraft system includes a senseandavoid capability; and ‘‘(iii) establish standards and requirements for the operator and pilot of a civil unmanned aircraft system, including standards and requirements for registration and licensing; ‘‘(B) the best methods to enhance the technologies and subsystems necessary to achieve the safe and routine operation of civil unmanned aircraft systems in the national airspace system; ‘‘(C) a phasedin approach to the integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system; ‘‘(D) a timeline for the phasedin approach described under subparagraph (C); ‘‘(E) creation of a safe airspace designation for cooperative manned and unmanned flight operations in the national airspace system; ‘‘(F) establishment of a process to develop certification, flight standards, and air traffic requirements for civil unmanned aircraft systems at test ranges where such systems are subject to testing; ‘‘(G) the best methods to ensure the safe operation of civil unmanned aircraft systems and public unmanned aircraft systems simultaneously in the national airspace system; and ‘‘(H) incorporation of the plan into the annual NextGen Implementation Plan document (or any successor document) of the Federal Aviation Administration. ‘‘(3) DEADLINE .—The plan required under paragraph (1) shall provide for the safe integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system as soon as practicable, but not later than September 30, 2015. ‘‘(4) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than February 14, 2013, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a copy of the plan required under paragraph (1). ‘‘(5) ROADMAP .—Not later than February 14, 2013, the Secretary shall approve and make available in print and on the Administration’s internet website a 5year roadmap for the introduction of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system, as coordinated by the Unmanned Aircraft Program Office of the Administration. The Secretary shall update, in coordination with the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and relevant stakeholders, including those in industry and academia, the roadmap annually. The roadmap shall include, at a minimum— ‘‘(A) cost estimates, planned schedules, and performance benchmarks, including specific tasks, milestones, and timelines, for unmanned aircraft systems integration into the national airspace system, including an identification of— ‘‘(i) the role of the unmanned aircraft systems test ranges established under subsection (c) and the Unmanned Aircraft Systems Center of Excellence; ‘‘(ii) performance objectives for unmanned aircraft systems that operate in the national airspace system; and ‘‘(iii) research and development priorities for tools that could assist air traffic controllers as unmanned aircraft systems are integrated into the national airspace system, as appropriate; ‘‘(B) a description of how the Administration plans to use research and development, including research and development conducted through NASA’s Unmanned Aircraft Systems Traffic Management initiatives, to accommodate, integrate, and provide for the evolution of unmanned aircraft systems in the national airspace system; ‘‘(C) an assessment of critical performance abilities necessary to integrate unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system, and how these performance abilities can be demonstrated; and ‘‘(D) an update on the advancement of technologies needed to integrate unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system, including decisionmaking by adaptive systems, such as senseandavoid capabilities and cyber physical systems security. ‘‘(b) RULEMAKING .—Not later than 18 months after the date on which the plan required under subsection (a)(1) is submitted to Congress under subsection (a)(4), the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register— 
‘‘(1) a final rule on small unmanned aircraft systems that will allow for civil operation of such systems in the national airspace system, to the extent the systems do not meet the requirements for expedited operational authorization under section 45508; ‘‘(2) a notice of proposed rulemaking to implement the recommendations of the plan required under subsection (a)(1), with the final rule to be published not later than 16 months after the date of publication of the notice; and ‘‘(3) an update to the Administration’s most recent policy statement on unmanned aircraft systems, contained in Docket No. FAA–2006–25714. ‘‘(c) EXPANDING USE OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS IN ARCTIC .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than August 12, 2012, the Secretary shall develop a plan and initiate a process to work with relevant Federal agencies and national and international communities to designate permanent areas in the Arctic where small unmanned aircraft may operate 24 hours per day for research and commercial purposes. The plan for operations in these permanent areas shall include the development of processes to facilitate the safe operation of unmanned aircraft beyond line of sight. Such areas shall enable overwater flights from the surface to at least 2,000 feet in altitude, with ingress and egress routes from selected coastal launch sites. ‘‘(2) AGREEMENTS .—To implement the plan under paragraph (1), the Secretary may enter into an agreement with relevant national and international communities. ‘‘(3) AIRCRAFT APPROVAL .—Not later than 1 year after the entry into force of an agreement necessary to effectuate the purposes of this subsection, the Secretary shall work with relevant national and international communities to establish and implement a process, or may apply an applicable process already established, for approving the use of unmanned aircraft in the designated permanent areas in the Arctic without regard to whether an unmanned aircraft is used as a public aircraft, a civil aircraft, or a model aircraft. ‘‘§ 45503. Riskbased permitting of unmanned aircraft systems ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall establish procedures for issuing permits under this section with respect to certain unmanned aircraft systems and operations thereof. ‘‘(b) PERMITTING STANDARDS .—Upon the submission of an application in accordance with subsection (d), the Administrator shall issue a permit with respect to the proposed operation of an unmanned aircraft system if the Administrator determines that the unmanned aircraft system and the proposed operation achieve a level of safety that is equivalent to— ‘‘(1) other unmanned aircraft systems and operations permitted under regulation, exemption, or other authority granted by the Administrator; or ‘‘(2) any other aircraft operation approved by the Administrator with similar risk characteristics or profiles. ‘‘(c) SAFETY CRITERIA FOR CONSIDER ATION .—In determining whether a proposed operation meets the standards described in subsection (b), the Administrator shall consider the following safety criteria: ‘‘(1) The kinetic energy of the unmanned aircraft system. ‘‘(2) The location of the proposed operation, including the proximity to— ‘‘(A) structures; ‘‘(B) congested areas; ‘‘(C) specialuse airspace; and ‘‘(D) persons on the ground. ‘‘(3) The nature of the operation, including any proposed risk mitigation. ‘‘(4) Any known hazard of the proposed operation and the severity and likelihood of such hazard. ‘‘(5) Any known failure modes of the unmanned aircraft system, failure mode effects and criticality, and any mitigating features or capabilities. ‘‘(6) The operational history of relevant technologies, if available. ‘‘(7) Any history of civil penalties or certificate actions by the Administrator against the applicant seeking the permit. ‘‘(8) Any other safety criteria the Administrator considers appropriate. ‘‘(d) APPLICATION .—An application under this section shall include evidence that the unmanned aircraft system and the proposed operation thereof meet the standards described in subsection (b) based on the criteria described in subsection (c). ‘‘(e) SCOPE OF PERMIT .—A permit issued under this section shall— ‘‘(1) be valid for 5 years; ‘‘(2) constitute approval of both the airworthiness of the unmanned aircraft system and the proposed operation of such system; ‘‘(3) be renewable for additional 5year periods; and ‘‘(4) contain any terms necessary to ensure aviation safety. ‘‘(f) NOTICE .—Not later than 120 days after the Administrator receives a complete application under subsection (d), the Administrator shall provide the applicant written notice of a decision to approve or disapprove of the application or to request a modification of the application that is necessary for approval of the application. ‘‘(g) PERMITTING PROCESS .—The Administrator shall issue a permit under this section without regard to subsections (b) through (d) of section 553 of title 5 and chapter 35 of title 44 if the Administrator determines that the operation permitted will not occur near a congested area. ‘‘(h) EXEMPTION FROM CERTAIN REQUIRE MENTS .—To the extent consistent with aviation safety, the Administrator may exempt applicants under this section from paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 44711(a). ‘‘(i) WITHDRAWAL .—The Administrator may, at any time, modify or withdraw a permit issued under this section. ‘‘(j) APPLICABILITY .—This section shall not apply to small unmanned aircraft systems and operations authorized by the final rule on small unmanned aircraft systems issued pursuant to section 45502(b)(1). ‘‘(k) EXPEDITED REVIEW .—The Administrator shall review and act upon applications under this section on an expedited basis for unmanned aircraft systems and operations thereof to be used primarily in, or primarily in direct support of, emergency preparedness, emergency response, or disaster recovery efforts, including efforts in connection with natural disasters and severe weather events. ‘‘§ 45504. Public unmanned aircraft systems ‘‘(a) GUIDANCE .—Not later than November 10, 2012, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue guidance regarding the operation of public unmanned aircraft systems to— ‘‘(1) expedite the issuance of a certificate of authorization process; ‘‘(2) provide for a collaborative process with public agencies to allow for an incremental expansion of access to the national airspace system as technology matures and the necessary safety analysis and data become available, and until standards are completed and technology issues are resolved; ‘‘(3) facilitate the capability of public agencies to develop and use test ranges, subject to operating restrictions required by the Federal Aviation Administration, to test and operate unmanned aircraft systems; and ‘‘(4) provide guidance on a public entity’s responsibility when operating an unmanned aircraft without a civil airworthiness certificate issued by the Administration. ‘‘(b) STANDARDS FOR OPERATION AND CERTIFICATION .—Not later than December 31, 2015, the Administrator shall develop and implement operational and certification requirements for the operation of public unmanned aircraft systems in the national airspace system. ‘‘(c) AGREEMENTS WITHGOVERNMENT AGENCIES.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than May 14, 2012, the Secretary shall enter into agreements with appropriate government agencies to simplify the process for issuing certificates of waiver or authorization with respect to applications seeking authorization to operate public unmanned aircraft systems in the national airspace system. ‘‘(2) CONTENTS .—The agreements shall— ‘‘(A) with respect to an application described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(i) provide for an expedited review of the application; ‘‘(ii) require a decision by the Administrator on approval or disapproval within 60 business days of the date of submission of the application; and ‘‘(iii) allow for an expedited appeal if the application is disapproved; ‘‘(B) allow for a onetime approval of similar operations carried out during a fixed period of time; and ‘‘(C) allow a government public safety agency to operate unmanned aircraft weighing 4.4 pounds or less, if operated— ‘‘(i) within the line of sight of the operator; ‘‘(ii) less than 400 feet above the ground; ‘‘(iii) during daylight conditions; ‘‘(iv) within Class G airspace; and ‘‘(v) outside of 5 statute miles from any airport, heliport, seaplane base, spaceport, or other location with aviation activities. ‘‘§ 45505. Special rules for certain unmanned aircraft systems ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not later than August 12, 2012, the Secretary of Transportation shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system before completion of the plan and rulemaking required by section 45502 or the guidance required under section 45504. ‘‘(b) ASSESSMENT OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT  SYSTEMS .—In making the determination under subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum— ‘‘(1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national security; and ‘‘(2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness certification under section 44704 is required for the operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1). ‘‘(c) REQUIREMENTS FOR SAFEOPERATION .— If the Secretary determines under this section that certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system. 
‘‘§ 45506. Certification of new air navigation facilities for unmanned aircraft and other aircraft ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this section, and notwithstanding section 2208 of the FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act of 2016 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note), the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall initiate a rulemaking to establish procedures for issuing air navigation facility certificates pursuant to section 44702 to operators of— ‘‘(1) UTM for unmanned aircraft operations that occur primarily or exclusively in airspace 400 feet above ground level and below; and ‘‘(2) lowaltitude CNS for aircraft operations that occur primarily or exclusively in airspace 400 feet above ground level and below. ‘‘(b) MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—In issuing a final rule pursuant to subsection (a), the Administrator, at a minimum, shall provide for the following: ‘‘(1) CERTIFICATION STANDARDS .—The Ad ministrator shall issue an air navigation facility certificate under the final rule if the Administrator determines that a UTM or lowaltitude CNS facilitates or improves the safety of unmanned aircraft or other aircraft operations that occur primarily or exclusively in airspace 400 feet above ground level and below, including operations conducted under a waiver issued pursuant to subpart D of part 107 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(2) CRITERIA FOR CONSIDERATION .—In de termining whether a UTM or lowaltitude CNS meets the standard described in paragraph (1), the Administrator shall, as appropriate, consider— ‘‘(A) protection of persons and property on the ground; ‘‘(B) remote identification of aircraft; ‘‘(C) collision avoidance with respect to obstacles and aircraft; ‘‘(D) deconfliction of aircraft trajectories; ‘‘(E) safe and reliable interoperability or noninterference with air traffic control and other systems operated in the national airspace system; ‘‘(F) detection of noncooperative aircraft; ‘‘(G) geographic and local factors; ‘‘(H) aircraft equipage; and ‘‘(I) qualifications, if any, necessary to operate the UTM or lowaltitude CNS. ‘‘(3) APPLICATION .—An application for an air navigation facility certificate under the final rule shall include evidence that the UTM or lowaltitude CNS meets the standard described in paragraph (1) based on the criteria described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) SCOPE OF CERTIFICATE .—The Administrator shall ensure that an air navigation facility certificate issued under the final rule— ‘‘(A) constitutes approval of the UTM or lowaltitude CNS for the duration of the term of the certificate; ‘‘(B) constitutes authorization to operate the UTM or lowaltitude CNS for the duration of the term of the certificate; and ‘‘(C) contains such limitations and conditions as may be necessary to ensure aviation safety. ‘‘(5) NOTICE .—Not later than 120 days after the Administrator receives a complete application under the final rule, the Administrator shall provide the applicant with a written approval, disapproval, or request to modify the application. ‘‘(6) LOW RISK AREAS .—Under the final rule, the Administrator shall establish expedited procedures for approval of UTM or lowaltitude CNS operated in— ‘‘(A) airspace away from congested areas; or ‘‘(B) other airspace above areas in which operations of unmanned aircraft pose very low risk. ‘‘(7) EXEMPTION FROM CERTAIN REQUIRE MENTS .—To the extent consistent with aviation safety, the Administrator may exempt applicants under the final rule from requirements under sections 44702, 44703, and 44711. ‘‘(8) CERTIFICATE MODIFICATIONS AND REV OCATIONS .—A certificate issued under the final rule may, at any time, be modified or revoked by the Administrator. ‘‘(c) CONSULTATION .—In carrying out this section, the Administrator shall consult with other Federal agencies, as appropriate. ‘‘§ 45507. Special rules for certain UTM and lowaltitude CNS ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other requirement of this chapter, and not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of Transportation shall determine if certain UTM and lowaltitude CNS may operate safely in the national airspace system before completion of the rulemaking required by section 45506. ‘‘(b) ASSESSMENT OF UTM AND LOWALTITUDE CNS.—In making the determination under subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum, which types of UTM and lowaltitude CNS, if any, as a result of their operational capabilities, reliability, intended use, and areas of operation, and the characteristics of the aircraft involved, do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public. ‘‘(c) REQUIREMENTS FOR SAFEOPERATION .— If the Secretary determines that certain UTM and lowaltitude CNS may operate safely in the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for their safe operation in the national airspace system. ‘‘(d) EXPEDITED PROCEDURES .—The Secretary shall provide expedited procedures for reviewing and approving UTM or lowaltitude CNS operated to monitor or control aircraft operated primarily or exclusively in airspace above— ‘‘(1) croplands; ‘‘(2) areas other than congested areas; and ‘‘(3) other areas in which the operation of unmanned aircraft poses very low risk. ‘‘(e) CONSULTATION .—In carrying out this section, the Administrator shall consult with other Federal agencies, as appropriate. ‘‘§ 45508. Operation of small unmanned aircraft ‘‘(a) EXEMPTION AND CERTIFICATE OF WAIVER OR AUTHORIZATION FOR CERTAIN OPERATIONS .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall establish a procedure for granting an exemption and issuing a certificate of waiver or authorization for the operation of a small unmanned aircraft system in United States airspace for the purposes described in section 45501(1). ‘‘(b) OPERATION OF EXEMPTION AND CERTIFI CATE OF WAIVER OR AUTHORIZATION .— ‘‘(1) EXEMPTION .—An exemption granted under this section shall— ‘‘(A) exempt the operator of a small unmanned aircraft from the provisions of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, that are exempted in Exemption No. 11687, issued on May 26, 2015, Regulatory Docket Number FAA–2015–0117, or in a subsequent exemption; and ‘‘(B) contain conditions and limitations described in paragraphs 3 through 31 of such Exemption No. 11687, or conditions and limitations of a subsequent exemption. ‘‘(2) CERTIFICATE OF WAIVER OR AUTHORIZA TION.—A certificate of waiver or authorization issued under this section shall allow the operation of small unmanned aircraft according to— ‘‘(A) the standard provisions and air traffic control special provisions of the certificate of waiver or authorization FAA Form 7711–1 (7–74); or ‘‘(B) the standard and special provisions of a subsequent certificate of waiver or authorization. ‘‘(c) NOTICE TO ADMINISTRATOR .—Before operating a small unmanned aircraft pursuant to a certificate of waiver or authorization granted under this section, the operator shall provide written notice to the Administrator, in a form and manner specified by the Administrator, that contains such information and assurances as the Administrator determines necessary in the interest of aviation safety and the efficiency of the national airspace system, including a certification that the operator has read, understands, and will comply with all terms, conditions, and limitations of the certificate of waiver or authorization. ‘‘(d) WAIVER OF AIRWORTHINESS CERTIFI CATE .—Notwithstanding section 44711(a)(1), the holder of a certificate of waiver or authorization granted under this section may operate a small unmanned aircraft under the terms, conditions, and limitations of such certificate without an airworthiness certificate. ‘‘(e) PROCEDURE .—The granting of an exemption or the issuance of a certificate of waiver or authorization, or any other action authorized by this section, shall be made without regard to— ‘‘(1) section 553 of title 5; or ‘‘(2) chapter 35 of title 44. ‘‘(f) STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to— ‘‘(1) affect the issuance of a rule by or any other activity of the Secretary of Transportation or the Administrator under any other provision of law; or ‘‘(2) invalidate an exemption or certificate of waiver or authorization issued by the Administrator before the date of enactment of this section. ‘‘(g) EFFECTIVE PERIODS .—An exemption or certificate of waiver or authorization issued under this section, or an amendment of such exemption or certificate, shall cease to be valid on the effective date of a final rule on small unmanned aircraft systems issued under section 45502(b)(1). ‘‘§ 45509. Special rules for model aircraft ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law relating to the incorporation of unmanned aircraft systems into Federal Aviation Administration plans and policies, including this subtitle, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration may not promulgate any rule or regulation regarding a model aircraft or an aircraft being developed as a model aircraft (other than the registration of certain model aircraft pursuant to section 44103), if— ‘‘(1) the aircraft is flown strictly for hobby or recreational use; ‘‘(2) the aircraft is operated in accordance with a communitybased set of safety guidelines and within the programming of a communitybased organization; ‘‘(3) the aircraft is limited to not more than 55 pounds unless otherwise certified through a design, construction, inspection, flight test, and operational safety program administered by a communitybased organization; ‘‘(4) the aircraft is operated in a manner that does not interfere with and gives way to any manned aircraft; ‘‘(5) the aircraft is not operated over or within the property of a fixed site facility that operates amusement rides available for use by the general public or the property extending 500 lateral feet beyond the perimeter 
of such facility unless the operation is authorized by the owner of the amusement facility; and ‘‘(6) when flown within 5 miles of an airport, the operator of the aircraft provides the airport operator and the airport air traffic control tower (when an air traffic facility is located at the airport) with prior notice of the operation (model aircraft operators flying from a permanent location within 5 miles of an airport should establish a mutually agreed upon operating procedure with the airport operator and the airport air traffic control tower (when an air traffic facility is located at the airport)). ‘‘(b) COMMERCIAL OPERATION FOR INSTRUC TIONAL OR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES .—A flight of an unmanned aircraft shall be treated as a flight of a model aircraft for purposes of subsection (a) (regardless of any compensation, reimbursement, or other consideration exchanged or incidental economic benefit gained in the course of planning, operating, or supervising the flight), if the flight is— ‘‘(1) conducted for instructional or educational purposes; and ‘‘(2) operated or supervised by a member of a communitybased organization recognized pursuant to subsection (e). ‘‘(c) STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to limit the authority of the Administrator to pursue enforcement action against persons operating model aircraft who endanger the safety of the national airspace system. ‘‘(d) COMMUNITY BASED ORGANIZATION DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘communitybased organization’ means an entity that— ‘‘(1) is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; ‘‘(2) is exempt from tax under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; ‘‘(3) the mission of which is demonstrably the furtherance of model aviation; ‘‘(4) provides a comprehensive set of safety guidelines for all aspects of model aviation addressing the assembly and operation of model aircraft and that emphasize safe aeromodeling operations within the national airspace system and the protection and safety of individuals and property on the ground; ‘‘(5) provides programming and support for any local charter organizations, affiliates, or clubs; and ‘‘(6) provides assistance and support in the development and operation of locally designated model aircraft flying sites. ‘‘(e) RECOGNITION OF COMMUNITY BASED ORGANIZATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator shall establish, and make available to the public, a process for recognizing communitybased organizations that meet the eligibility criteria under subsection (d). ‘‘§ 45510. Carriage of property for compensation or hire ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue a final rule authorizing the carriage of property by operators of small unmanned aircraft systems for compensation or hire within the United States. ‘‘(b) CONTENTS .—The final rule required under subsection (a) shall provide for the following: ‘‘(1) SMALL UAS AIR CARRIER CERTIFICATE .— The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, at the direction of the Secretary, shall establish a small UAS air carrier certificate for persons that undertake directly, or by lease or other arrangement, the operation of small unmanned aircraft systems to carry property in air transportation, including commercial fleet operations with highly automated unmanned aircraft systems. The requirements to obtain a small UAS air carrier certificate shall— ‘‘(A) account for the unique characteristics of highly automated small unmanned aircraft systems; and ‘‘(B) include only those obligations necessary for the safe operation of small unmanned aircraft systems. ‘‘(2) SMALL UAS AIR CARRIER CERTIFICATION  
PROCESS .—The Administrator, at the direction of the Secretary, shall establish a process for the issuance of a small UAS air carrier certificate described in paragraph (1) that is streamlined, simple, performance based, and riskbased. Such certification process shall consider— ‘‘(A) safety and the mitigation of operational risks from highly automated small unmanned aircraft systems to the safety of other aircraft, and persons and property on the ground; ‘‘(B) the safety and reliability of highly automated small unmanned aircraft system design, including technological capabilities and operational limitations to mitigate such risks; and ‘‘(C) the competencies and compliance programs of manufacturers, operators, and companies that both manufacture and operate small unmanned aircraft systems and components. ‘‘(3) SMALL UAS AIR CARRIER CLASSIFICA TION.—The Secretary shall develop a classification system for small unmanned aircraft systems air carriers to establish economic authority for the carriage of property by small unmanned aircraft systems for compensation or hire. Such classification shall only require— ‘‘(A) registration with the Department of Transportation; and ‘‘(B) a valid small UAS air carrier certificate as described in paragraph (1). ‘‘§ 45511. Micro UAS operations ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall charter an aviation rulemaking advisory committee to develop recommendations for regulations under which any person may operate a micro unmanned aircraft system, the aircraft component of which weighs 4.4 pounds or less, including payload, without the person operating the system being required to pass any airman certification requirement, including any requirements under section 44703, part 61 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, or any other rule or regulation relating to airman certification. ‘‘(b) CONSIDERATIONS .—In developing recommendations for the operation of micro unmanned aircraft systems under subsection (a), the members of the aviation rulemaking advisory committee shall consider rules for operation of such systems— ‘‘(1) at an altitude of less than 400 feet above ground level; ‘‘(2) with an airspeed of not greater than 40 knots; ‘‘(3) within the visual line of sight of the operator; ‘‘(4) during the hours between sunrise and sunset; ‘‘(5) by an operator who has passed an aeronautical knowledge and safety test administered by the Federal Aviation Administration online specifically for the operation of micro unmanned aircraft systems, with such test being of a length and difficulty that acknowledges the reduced operational complexity and low risk of micro unmanned aircraft systems; ‘‘(6) not over unprotected persons uninvolved in its operation; and ‘‘(7) at least 5 statute miles from the geographic center of a towercontrolled airport or airport denoted on a current Federal Aviation Administrationpublished aeronautical chart, except that a micro unmanned aircraft system may be operated closer than 5 statute miles to the airport if the operator— ‘‘(A) provides prior notice to the airport operator; and ‘‘(B) receives, for a towercontrolled airport, prior approval from the air traffic control facility located at the airport. ‘‘(c) CONSULTATION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—In developing recommendations for recommended regulations under subsection (a), the aviation rulemaking advisory committee shall consult with— ‘‘(A) unmanned aircraft systems stakeholders, including manufacturers of micro unmanned aircraft systems; ‘‘(B) communitybased aviation organizations; ‘‘(C) the Center of Excellence for Unmanned Aircraft Systems; and ‘‘(D) appropriate Federal agencies. ‘‘(2) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to an aviation rulemaking advisory committee chartered under this section. ‘‘(d) RULEMAKING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of receipt of the recommendations under subsection (a), the Administrator shall issue regulations incorporating recommendations of the aviation rulemaking advisory committee that provide for the operation of micro unmanned aircraft systems in the United States— ‘‘(1) without an airman certificate; and ‘‘(2) without an airworthiness certificate for the associated unmanned aircraft. ‘‘(e) SCOPE OF REGULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—In determining whether a person may operate an unmanned aircraft system under 1 or more of the circumstances described under paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b), the Administrator shall use a riskbased approach and consider, at a minimum, the physical and functional characteristics of the unmanned aircraft system. ‘‘(2) LIMITATION .—The Administrator may only issue regulations under this section for unmanned aircraft systems that the Administrator determines may be operated safely in the national airspace system pursuant to those regulations. ‘‘(f) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed— ‘‘(1) to prohibit a person from operating an unmanned aircraft system under a circumstance described under paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b) if— ‘‘(A) the circumstance is allowed by regulations issued under this section; and ‘‘(B) the person operates the unmanned aircraft system in a manner prescribed by the regulations; or ‘‘(2) to limit or affect in any way the Administrator’s authority to conduct a rulemaking, make a determination, or carry out any activity related to unmanned aircraft or unmanned aircraft systems under any other provision of law.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) REPEALS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Sections 332(a), 332(b), 332(d), 333, 334, and 336 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note) are repealed. (B) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The items relating to sections 333, 334, and 336 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note) in the table of contents contained in section 1(b) of that Act are repealed. (2) PENALTIES .—Section 46301 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— 
(i) in paragraph (1)(A) by inserting ‘‘chapter 455,’’ after ‘‘chapter 451,’’; and (ii) in paragraph (5)(A)(i) by striking ‘‘or chapter 451,’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 451, chapter 455,’’; (B) in subsection (d)(2) by inserting ‘‘chapter 455,’’ after ‘‘chapter 451,’’; and (C) in subsection (f)(1)(A)(i) by striking ‘‘or chapter 451’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 451, or chapter 455’’. (3) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for subtitle VII of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 453 the following: ‘‘455. Unmanned aircraft systems ......45501’’. 
(a) E XTENSION OF PROGRAM .—Section 332(c)(1) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘the date that is 6 years after the date of enactment of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. (b) SENSE ANDAVOID AND BEYOND LINE OF  SIGHT SYSTEMS AT TESTRANGES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—To the extent consistent with aviation safety, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall permit and encourage flights of unmanned aircraft equipped with senseandavoid and beyond line of sight systems at the 6 test ranges designated under section 332(c) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. (2) WAIVERS .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Administrator may waive the requirements of section 44711 of title 49, United States Code, including related regulations, to the extent consistent with aviation safety. (c) TESTRANGE DEFINED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—In this section, the term ‘‘test range’’ means a defined geographic area where research and development are conducted as authorized by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration. (2) INCLUSIONS .—Such term includes any of the 6 test ranges established by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration under section 332(c) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this subsection, and any public entity authorized by the Federal Aviation Administration as an unmanned aircraft system flight test center before January 1, 2009. 
SEC. 334. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SAFETY. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the unauthorized operation of unmanned aircraft near airports presents a serious hazard to aviation safety; (2) a collision between an unmanned aircraft and a conventional aircraft in flight could jeopardize the safety of persons aboard the aircraft and on the ground; (3) Federal aviation regulations, including sections 91.126 through 91.131 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, prohibit unauthorized operation of an aircraft in controlled airspace near an airport; (4) Federal aviation regulations, including section 91.13 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, prohibit the operation of an aircraft in a careless or reckless manner so as to endanger the life or property of another; (5) the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration should pursue all available civil and administrative remedies available to the Administrator, including referrals to other government agencies for criminal investigations, with respect to persons who operate unmanned aircraft in an unauthorized manner; (6) the Administrator should place particular priority on continuing measures, including partnerships with nongovernmental organizations, to educate the public about the dangers to the public safety of operating unmanned aircraft near airports without the appropriate approvals or authorizations; and (7) manufacturers and retail sellers of small unmanned aircraft systems should take steps to educate consumers about the safe and lawful operation of such systems. SEC. 335. UAS PRIVACY REVIEW. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the heads of appropriate Federal agencies, appropriate State and local officials, and subjectmatter experts and in consideration of relevant efforts led by the National Telecommunications and Information Administration, shall carry out a review to identify any potential reduction of privacy specifically caused by the integration of unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system. (b) CONSULTATION .—In carrying out the review, the Secretary shall consult with the National Telecommunications and Information Administration of the Department of Commerce on its ongoing efforts responsive to the Presidential memorandum titled ‘‘Promoting Economic Competitiveness While Safeguarding Privacy, Civil Rights, and Civil Liberties in Domestic Use of Unmanned Aircraft Systems’’ and dated February 15, 2015. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the review required under subsection (a). 
(a) P UBLIC UAS O PERATIONS BY TRIBAL  GOVERNMENTS .—Section 40102(a)(41) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) An unmanned aircraft that is owned and operated by, or exclusively leased for at least 90 continuous days by, an Indian Tribal government, as defined in section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122), except as provided in section 40125(b).’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 40125(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘(D), or (F)’’. 
SEC. 337. EVALUATION OF AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION FOR SMALL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT. 
(a) M ETRICS .—Beginning not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall develop and track metrics to assess compliance with and effectiveness of the registration of small unmanned aircraft systems by the Federal Aviation Administration pursuant to the interim final rule issued on December 16, 2015, entitled ‘‘Registration and Marking Requirements for Small Unmanned Aircraft’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 78593) and any subsequent final rule, including metrics with respect to— (1) the levels of compliance with the interim final rule and any subsequent final rule; (2) the number of enforcement actions taken by the Administration for violations of or noncompliance with the interim final rule and any subsequent final rule, together with a description of the actions; and (3) the effect of the interim final rule and any subsequent final rule on compliance with any fees associated with the use of small unmanned aircraft systems. (b) EVALUATION .—The Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall evaluate— (1) the Administration’s progress in developing and tracking the metrics set forth in subsection (a); and (2) the reliability, effectiveness, and efficiency of the Administration’s registration program for small unmanned aircraft. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report containing— (1) the results of the evaluation required under subsection (b); and (2) recommendations to the Administrator and Congress for improvements to the registration process for small unmanned aircraft. 
SEC. 338. STUDY ON ROLES OF GOVERNMENTS RELATING TO LOWALTITUDE OPERATION OF SMALL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall initiate a study on— (1) the regulation and oversight of the low altitude operations of small unmanned aircraft and small unmanned aircraft systems; and (2) the appropriate roles and responsibilities of Federal, State, local, and Tribal governments in regulating and overseeing the operations of small unmanned aircraft in airspace 400 feet above ground level and below. (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the study, the Inspector General shall consider, at a minimum— (1) the recommendations of Task Group 1 of the Drone Advisory Committee chartered by the Federal Aviation Administration on August 31, 2016; (2) the legal and policy requirements necessary for the safe and financially viable development and growth of the unmanned aircraft industry; (3) the interests of Federal, State, local, and Tribal governments affected by lowaltitude operations of small unmanned aircraft; (4) the existing authorities of Federal, State, local, and Tribal governments to protect the interests referenced in paragraph (3); (5) the degree of regulatory consistency required for the safe and financially viable growth and development of the unmanned aircraft industry; (6) the degree of local variance possible among regulations consistent with the safe and financially viable growth and development of the unmanned aircraft industry; (7) the appropriate roles of State, local, and Tribal governments in regulating the operations of small unmanned aircraft within the lateral boundaries of their jurisdiction in the categories of airspace described in subsection (a)(2); (8) the subjects and types of regulatory authority that should remain with the Federal Government; (9) the infrastructure requirements necessary for monitoring the lowaltitude operations of small unmanned aircraft and enforcing applicable laws; (10) the number of small businesses involved in the various sectors of the unmanned aircraft industry and operating as primary users of small unmanned aircraft; and (11) any best practices, lessons learned, or policies of jurisdictions outside the United States relating to local or regional regulation and oversight of small unmanned aircraft and other emergent technologies. 
(c) R EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after initiating the study, the Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study. 
SEC. 339. STUDY ON FINANCING OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall initiate a study on appropriate fee mechanisms to recover the costs of— (1) the regulation and safety oversight of unmanned aircraft and unmanned aircraft systems; and (2) the provision of air navigation services to unmanned aircraft and unmanned aircraft systems. (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the study, the Comptroller General shall consider, at a minimum— (1) the recommendations of Task Group 3 of the Drone Advisory Committee chartered by the Federal Aviation Administration on August 31, 2016; (2) the total annual costs incurred by the Federal Aviation Administration for the regulation and safety oversight of activities related to unmanned aircraft; (3) the annual costs attributable to various types, classes, and categories of unmanned aircraft activities; (4) air traffic services provided to unmanned aircraft operating under instrument flight rules, excluding public aircraft; (5) the number of fulltime Federal Aviation Administration employees dedicated to unmanned aircraft programs; (6) the use of privately operated UTM and other privately operated unmanned aircraft systems; (7) the projected growth of unmanned aircraft operations for various applications and the estimated need for regulation, oversight, and other services; (8) the number of small businesses involved in the various sectors of the unmanned aircraft industry and operating as primary users of unmanned aircraft; and (9) any best practices or policies utilized by jurisdictions outside the United States relating to partial or total recovery of regulation and safety oversight costs related to unmanned aircraft and other emergent technologies. (c) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after initiating the study, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report containing recommendations on appropriate fee mechanisms to recover the costs of regulating and providing air navigation services to unmanned aircraft and unmanned aircraft systems. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall update the comprehensive plan developed pursuant to section 332 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note) to develop a concept of operations for the integration of unmanned aircraft into the national airspace system. (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the update, the Secretary shall consider, at a minimum— (1) the potential use of UTM and other technologies to ensure the safe and lawful operation of unmanned aircraft in the national airspace system; (2) the appropriate roles, responsibilities, and authorities of government agencies and the private sector in identifying and reporting unlawful or harmful operations and operators of unmanned aircraft; (3) the use of models, threat assessments, probabilities, and other methods to distinguish between lawful and unlawful operations of unmanned aircraft; and (4) appropriate systems, training, intergovernmental processes, protocols, and procedures to mitigate risks and hazards posed by unlawful or harmful operations of unmanned aircraft systems. (c) CONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall carry out the update in consultation with representatives of the aviation industry, Federal agencies that employ unmanned aircraft systems technology in the national airspace system, and the unmanned aircraft systems industry. 
In matters relating to the use of systems in the national airspace system intended to mitigate threats posed by errant or hostile unmanned aircraft system operations, the Secretary of Transportation shall consult with the Secretary of Defense to streamline deployment of such systems by drawing upon the expertise and experience of the Department of Defense in acquiring and operating such systems consistent with the safe and efficient operation of the national airspace system. TITLE IV—AIR SERVICE IMPROVEMENTS Subtitle A—Airline Customer Service Improvements 
Section 40109(g) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2) by striking subparagraph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) review the exemption at least every 30 days (or, in the case of an exemption that is necessary to provide and sustain air transportation in American Samoa between the islands of Tutuila and Manu’a, at least every 180 days) to ensure that the unusual circumstances that established the need for the exemption still exist.’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) RENEWAL OF EXEMPTIONS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Secretary may renew an exemption (including renewals) under this subsection for not more than 30 days. ‘‘(B) EXCEPTION .—The Secretary may renew an exemption (including renewals) under this subsection that is necessary to provide and sustain air transportation in American Samoa between the islands of Tutuila and Manu’a for not more than 180 days. ‘‘(4) CONTINUATION OF EXEMPTIONS .—An ex emption granted by the Secretary under this subsection may continue for not more than 5 days after the unusual circumstances that established the need for the exemption cease.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 417 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 41725. Prohibition on certain cell phone voice communications ‘‘(a) PROHIBITION .—The Secretary of Transportation shall issue regulations— ‘‘(1) to prohibit an individual on an aircraft from engaging in voice communications using a mobile communications device during a flight of that aircraft in scheduled passenger interstate or intrastate air transportation; and ‘‘(2) that exempt from the prohibition described in paragraph (1) any— ‘‘(A) member of the flight crew on duty on an aircraft; ‘‘(B) flight attendant on duty on an aircraft; and ‘‘(C) Federal law enforcement officer acting in an official capacity. ‘‘(b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the following definitions apply: ‘‘(1) FLIGHT .—The term ‘flight’ means, with respect to an aircraft, the period beginning when the aircraft takes off and ending when the aircraft lands. ‘‘(2) MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DEVICE .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘mobile communications device’ means any portable wireless telecommunications equipment utilized for the transmission or reception of voice data. ‘‘(B) LIMITATION .—The term ‘mobile communications device’ does not include a phone installed on an aircraft.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 417 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 41724 the following: ‘‘41725. Prohibition on certain cell phone voice communications.’’. 
Section 411 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 42301 prec. note) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following: ‘‘(3) independent distributors of travel;’’; (2) in subsection (g) by striking ‘‘first 2 calendar years’’ and inserting ‘‘first 6 calendar years’’; and (3) in subsection (h) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
Section 42303(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) REQUIRED DISCLOSURES .—An air carrier, foreign air carrier, or ticket agent selling, in the United States, a ticket for a flight in foreign air transportation to a country listed on the internet website established under subsection (a) shall— ‘‘(1) disclose, on its own internet website or through other means, that the destination country may require the air carrier or foreign air carrier to treat an aircraft passenger cabin with insecticides prior to the flight or to apply an aerosol insecticide in an aircraft cabin used for such a flight when the cabin is occupied with passengers; and ‘‘(2) refer the purchaser of the ticket to the internet website established under subsection (a) for additional information.’’. 
SEC. 405. ADVERTISEMENTS AND DISCLOSURE OF FEES FOR PASSENGER AIR TRANSPORTATION. 
(a) F ULLFAREADVERTISING .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 41712 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) FULLFAREADVERTISING .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—It shall not be an unfair or deceptive practice under subsection (a) for a covered entity to state in an advertisement or solicitation for passenger air transportation the base airfare for the air transportation if the covered entity clearly and separately discloses— ‘‘(A) the governmentimposed fees and taxes associated with the air transportation; and ‘‘(B) the total cost of the air transportation. ‘‘(2) FORM OF DISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the information described in paragraphs (1)(A) and (1)(B) shall be disclosed in the advertisement or solicitation in a manner that clearly presents the information to the consumer. ‘‘(B) INTERNET ADVERTISEMENTS AND SOLICI TATIONS .—For purposes of paragraph (1), with respect to an advertisement or solicitation for passenger air transportation that appears on an internet website or a mobile application, the information described in paragraphs (1)(A) and (1)(B) may be disclosed through a link or popup, as such terms may be defined by the Secretary, that displays the information in a manner that is easily accessible and viewable by the consumer. ‘‘(3) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the following definitions apply: ‘‘(A) BASE AIRFARE .—The term ‘base airfare’ means the cost of passenger air transportation, excluding governmentimposed fees and taxes. ‘‘(B) COVERED ENTITY .—The term ‘covered entity’ means an air carrier, including an indirect air carrier, foreign air carrier, ticket agent, or other person offering to sell tickets for passenger air transportation or a tour or tour component that must be purchased with air transportation.’’. (2) LIMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC TION.—Nothing in the amendment made by paragraph (1) may be construed to affect any obligation of a person that sells air transportation to disclose the total cost of the air transportation, including governmentimposed fees and taxes, prior to purchase of the air transportation. (3) REGULATIONS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue final regulations to carry out the amendment made by paragraph (1). (4) EFFECTIVE DATE .—This subsection, and the amendments made by this subsection, shall take effect on the earlier of— (A) the effective date of regulations issued under paragraph (3); and (B) the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) DISCLOSURE OF FEES.—Section 41712 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) DISCLOSURE OF FEES.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—It shall be an unfair or deceptive practice under subsection (a) for any air carrier, foreign air carrier, or ticket agent to fail to include, in an internet fare quotation for a specific itinerary in air transportation selected by a consumer— ‘‘(A) a clear and prominent statement that additional fees for checked baggage and carryon baggage may apply; and ‘‘(B) a prominent link that connects directly to a list of all such fees. ‘‘(2) SAVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to derogate or limit any responsibilities of an air carrier, foreign air carrier, or ticket agent under section 399.85 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor provision.’’. 
Section 41712 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) INVOLUNTARILY DENIED BOARDING  AFTER AIRCRAFT BOARDED .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—It shall be an unfair or deceptive practice under subsection (a) for an air carrier or foreign air carrier subject to part 250 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, to involuntarily deplane a revenue passenger onboard an aircraft, if the revenue passenger— ‘‘(A) is traveling on a confirmed reservation; and ‘‘(B) checkedin for the relevant flight prior to the checkin deadline. ‘‘(2) SAVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to limit the authority of an air carrier, foreign air carrier, or airman to remove a passenger in accordance with— ‘‘(A) section 91.3, 121.533(d), or 121.580 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor provision; or ‘‘(B) any other applicable Federal, State, or local law.’’. 
Section 42302(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘on the’’ and inserting ‘‘in a prominent place on the homepage of the primary’’; (2) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in paragraph (3) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) the air carrier’s customer service plan.’’. 
Section 42302 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) USE OF NEWTECHNOLOGIES .—The Sec retary shall periodically evaluate the benefits of using mobile phone applications or other widely used technologies to provide new means for air passengers to communicate complaints in addition to the telephone number established under subsection (a) and shall provide such new means as the Secretary determines appropriate.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 423 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 42304. Widespread disruptions ‘‘(a) GENERAL REQUIREMENTS .—In the event of a widespread disruption, a covered air carrier shall immediately publish, via a prominent link on the air carrier’s public internet website, a clear statement indicating whether, with respect to a passenger of the air carrier whose travel is interrupted as a result of the widespread disruption, the air carrier will— ‘‘(1) provide for hotel accommodations; ‘‘(2) arrange for ground transportation; ‘‘(3) provide meal vouchers; ‘‘(4) arrange for air transportation on another air carrier or foreign air carrier to the passenger’s destination; and ‘‘(5) provide for sleeping facilities inside the airport terminal. ‘‘(b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the following definitions apply: ‘‘(1) WIDESPREAD DISRUPTION .—The term ‘widespread disruption’ means, with respect to a covered air carrier, the interruption of all or the overwhelming majority of the air carrier’s systemwide flight operations, including flight delays and cancellations, as the result of the failure of 1 or more computer systems or computer networks of the air carrier. ‘‘(2) COVERED AIR CARRIER .—The term ‘covered air carrier’ means an air carrier that provides scheduled passenger air transportation by operating an aircraft that as originally designed has a passenger capacity of 30 or more seats. ‘‘(c) SAVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to modify, abridge, or repeal any obligation of an air carrier under section 42301.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 423 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘42304. Widespread disruptions.’’. SEC. 410. INVOLUNTARILY DENIED BOARDING COMPENSATION. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue a final rule to revise part 250 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, to clarify that— (1) there is not a maximum level of compensation an air carrier or foreign air carrier may pay to a passenger who is involuntarily denied boarding as the result of an oversold flight; (2) the compensation levels set forth in that part are the minimum levels of compensation an air carrier or foreign air carrier must pay to a passenger who is involuntarily denied boarding as the result of an oversold flight; and (3) an air carrier or foreign air carrier must proactively offer to pay compensation to a passenger who is voluntarily or involuntarily denied boarding on an oversold flight, rather than waiting until the passenger requests the compensation. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Transportation shall conduct a study on the feasibility and advisability of modifying regulations contained in section 234.11 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, to ensure that— (1) a reporting carrier (including its contractors), during the course of a reservation or ticketing discussion or other inquiry, discloses to a consumer upon reasonable request the projected period between the actual wheelsoff and wheelson times for a reportable flight; and (2) a reporting carrier displays, on the public internet website of the carrier, information on the actual wheelsoff and wheelson times during the most recent calendar month for a reportable flight. (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘reporting carrier’’ and ‘‘reportable flight’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 234.2 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). (c) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study. 
SEC. 412. ADVISORY COMMITTEE FOR TRANSPARENCY IN AIR AMBULANCE INDUSTRY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish an advisory committee to make recommendations for a rulemaking— (1) to require air ambulance operators to clearly disclose charges for air transportation services separately from charges for nonair transportation services within any invoice or bill; and (2) to provide other consumer protections for customers of air ambulance operators. (b) COMPOSITION OF THE ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—The advisory committee shall be composed of the following members: (1) The Secretary of Transportation. (2) 1 representative, to be appointed by the Secretary, of each of the following: (A) Each relevant Federal agency, as determined by the Secretary. (B) Air ambulance operators. (C) State insurance regulators. (D) Health insurance providers. 
(E) Consumer groups. (c) RECOMMENDATIONS .—The advisory committee shall make recommendations with respect to each of the following: (1) Costallocation methodologies needed to ensure that charges for air transportation services are separated from charges for non air transportation services. (2) Cost or priceallocation methodologies to prevent commingling of charges for air transportation services and charges for non air transportation services in bills and invoices. (3) Formats for bills and invoices to ensure that customers and State insurance regulators can clearly distinguish between charges for air transportation services and charges for nonair transportation services. (4) Data or industry references related to aircraft operating costs to be used in determining the proper allocation of charges for air transportation services and charges for nonair transportation services. (5) Guidance materials to instruct States, political subdivisions of States, and political authorities of 2 or more States on referring to the Secretary allegations of unfair or deceptive practices or unfair methods of competition by air ambulance operators. (6) Protections for customers of air ambulance operators, after consideration of the circumstances in which the services of air ambulance operators are used. (7) Protections of proprietary cost data from inappropriate public disclosure. (8) Such other matters as the Secretary determines necessary or appropriate. (d) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the first meeting of the advisory committee, the advisory committee shall submit to the Secretary, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report containing the recommendations made under subsection (c). (e) RULEMAKING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of receipt of the report under subsection (d), the Secretary shall consider the recommendations of the advisory committee and issue a final rule— (1) to require air ambulance operators to clearly disclose charges for air transportation services separately from charges for nonair transportation services within any invoice or bill; and (2) to provide other consumer protections for customers of air ambulance operators. (f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the following definitions apply: (1) AIR AMBULANCE OPERATOR .—The term ‘‘air ambulance operator’’ means an air carrier operating pursuant to part 135 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, that provides medical, ambulance, or related services. (2) NONAIR TRANSPORTATION SERVICES .— The term ‘‘nonair transportation services’’ means those services provided by air ambulance operators but not other air carriers operating pursuant to part 135 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. (g) TERMINATION .—The advisory committee shall terminate on the date of submission of the report under subsection (d). (h) NATURE OF AIRAMBULANCE SERVICES .— The nonair transportation services of air ambulance operators and prices thereof are neither services nor prices of an air carrier for purposes of section 41713 of title 49, United States Code. 
(a) C ONSUMER COMPLAINTS .—Section 42302 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a) by inserting ‘‘(including transportation by air ambulance)’’ after ‘‘air transportation’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, and an air ambulance operator,’’ after ‘‘passenger seats’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or operator’’ after ‘‘Internet Web site of the carrier’’; and (B) in paragraph (2) by inserting ‘‘or operator’’ after ‘‘mailing address of the air carrier’’; and (3) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) NOTICE TO PASSENGERS ON BOARDING OR  BILLING DOCUMENTATION .— ‘‘(1) AIR CARRIERS AND FOREIGN AIR CAR RIERS .—An air carrier or foreign air carrier providing scheduled air transportation using any aircraft that as originally designed has a passenger capacity of 30 or more passenger seats shall include the hotline telephone number established under subsection (a) on— ‘‘(A) prominently displayed signs of the carrier at the airport ticket counters in the United States where the air carrier operates; and ‘‘(B) any electronic confirmation of the purchase of a passenger ticket for air transportation issued by the air carrier. ‘‘(2) AIR AMBULANCE OPERATORS .—An air ambulance operator shall include the hotline telephone number established under subsection (a) on any invoice, bill, or other communication provided to a passenger or customer of the operator.’’. (b) UNFAIR AND DECEPTIVE PRACTICES AND  UNFAIR METHODS OF COMPETITION .—Section 41712(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘air ambulance customer,’’ after ‘‘foreign air carrier,’’ the first place it appears; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In this subsection, the term ‘air carrier’ includes an air ambulance operator and the term ‘air transportation’ includes any transportation provided by an air ambulance.’’. 
(a) G UIDELINES .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall require each air carrier to submit for approval a 1 page document that accurately describes the rights of passengers in air transportation, including guidelines for the following: (1) Compensation (regarding rebooking options, refunds, meals, and lodging) for flight delays of various lengths. (2) Compensation (regarding rebooking options, refunds, meals, and lodging) for flight cancellations. (3) Compensation for mishandled baggage, including delayed, damaged, pilfered, or lost baggage. (4) Voluntary relinquishment of a ticketed seat due to overbooking or priority of other passengers. (5) Involuntary denial of boarding and forced removal for whatever reason, including for safety and security reasons. (b) APPROVAL OF GUIDELINES .—Not later than 90 days after each air carrier submits its guidelines for approval to the Secretary under subsection (a), the air carrier shall make available such 1page document on its website. Subtitle B—Aviation Consumers With Disabilities 
Section 411 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 42301 prec. note), as amended by this Act, is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (h) and (i), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the following: ‘‘(g) SELECT SUBCOMMITTEE FOR AVIATION  CONSUMERS WITHDISABILITIES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall establish a select subcommittee of the advisory committee to advise the Secretary and the advisory committee on issues related to the air travel needs of passengers with disabilities. ‘‘(2) DUTIES .—The select subcommittee shall— ‘‘(A) identify the disabilityrelated access barriers encountered by passengers with disabilities; ‘‘(B) determine the extent to which the programs and activities of the Department of Transportation are addressing the barriers identified under subparagraph (A); ‘‘(C) recommend consumer protection improvements related to the air travel experience of passengers with disabilities; ‘‘(D) advise the Secretary with regard to the implementation of section 41705 of title 49, United States Code; and ‘‘(E) conduct such other activities as the Secretary considers necessary to carry out this subsection. ‘‘(3) MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) COMPOSITION .—The select subcommittee shall be composed of members appointed by the Secretary, including at least 1 individual representing each of the following: ‘‘(i) National disability organizations. ‘‘(ii) Air carriers and foreign air carriers with flights in air transportation. ‘‘(iii) Airport operators. ‘‘(iv) Contractor service providers. ‘‘(B) INCLUSION .—A member of the select subcommittee may also be a member of the advisory committee. ‘‘(4) REPORTS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of establishment of the select subcommittee, the select subcommittee shall submit to the advisory committee and the Secretary a report on the air travel needs of passengers with disabilities that includes— ‘‘(i) an assessment of existing disabilityrelated access barriers and any emerging disabilityrelated access barriers that will likely be an issue in the next 5 years; ‘‘(ii) an evaluation of the extent to which the programs and activities of the Department of Transportation are eliminating disabilityrelated access barriers; ‘‘(iii) a description of consumer protection improvements related to the air travel experience of passengers with disabilities; and ‘‘(iv) any recommendations for legislation, regulations, or other actions that the select subcommittee considers appropriate. ‘‘(B) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Secretary receives the report under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a copy of the report, including any additional findings or recommendations that the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(5) CHAIRPERSON .—The Secretary shall designate, from among the individuals appointed under paragraph (3), an individual to serve as chairperson of the select subcommittee. ‘‘(6) VACANCIES AND TRAVEL EXPENSES .— Subsections (c) and (d) shall apply to the select subcommittee. ‘‘(7) TERMINATION .—The select subcommittee established under this subsection shall terminate upon submission of the report required under paragraph (4)(A).’’. 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study that includes— (1) a review of airport accessibility best practices for individuals with disabilities, including best practices that improve infrastructure facilities and communications 
methods, including those related to wayfinding, amenities, and passenger care; (2) a review of air carrier and airport training policies related to section 41705 of title 49, United States Code; (3) a review of air carrier training policies related to properly assisting passengers with disabilities; and (4) a review of accessibility best practices that exceed those recommended under Public Law 90–480 (popularly known as the Architectural Barriers Act of 1968; 42 U.S.C. 4151 et seq.), the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 701 et seq.), the Air Carrier Access Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–435; 100 Stat. 1080 et seq.), and the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.). (b) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Secretary of Transportation, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the study, including findings and recommendations. 
SEC. 443. FEASIBILITY STUDY ON INCABIN WHEELCHAIR RESTRAINT SYSTEMS. 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board, aircraft manufacturers, and air carriers, shall conduct a study to determine— (1) the feasibility of incabin wheelchair restraint systems; and (2) if feasible, the ways in which individuals with significant disabilities using wheelchairs, including power wheelchairs, can be accommodated with incabin wheelchair restraint systems. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the initiation of the study under subsection (a), the Secretary of Transportation shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the findings of the study. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue a notice of proposed rulemaking addressing— (1) accommodations for air travelers with disabilities with respect to inflight entertainment; (2) accessible lavatories on singleaisle aircraft; and (3) service animals. (b) RULEMAKING .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the notice of proposed rulemaking is issued, the Secretary shall publish a final rule based on such notice. Subtitle C—Small Community Air Service 
Section 41742(a)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$150,000,000 for fiscal year 2011’’ and all that follows before ‘‘to carry out’’ and inserting ‘‘$153,000,000 for fiscal year 2018, $156,000,000 for fiscal year 2019, $159,000,000 for fiscal year 2020, $162,000,000 for fiscal year 2021, $165,000,000 for fiscal year 2022, and $168,000,000 for fiscal year 2023’’. 
SEC. 452. EXTENSION OF FINAL ORDER ESTABLISHING MILEAGE ADJUSTMENT ELIGIBILITY. 
Section 409(d) of the Vision 100—Century of Aviation Reauthorization Act (49 U.S.C. 41731 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
(a) S TUDY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on the effects of section 6 of the Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2011, Part IV (Public Law 112–27), section 421 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95), and other relevant Federal laws enacted after 2010, including the amendments made by those laws, on the Essential Air Service program. (2) SCOPE.—In conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall analyze, at a minimum— (A) the impact of each relevant Federal law, including the amendments made by each law, on the Essential Air Service program; (B) what actions communities and air carriers have taken to reduce ticket prices or increase enplanements as a result of each law; (C) the issuance of waivers by the Secretary under section 41731(e) of title 49, United States Code; (D) whether budgetary savings resulted from each law; and (E) options for further reform of the Essential Air Service program. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
(a) E LIGIBILITY .—Section 41743(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) SIZE.—On the date of submission of the relevant application under subsection (b), the airport serving the community or consortium— ‘‘(A) is not larger than a small hub airport, as determined using the Department of Transportation’s most recently published classification; and ‘‘(B) has— ‘‘(i) insufficient air carrier service; or ‘‘(ii) unreasonably high air fares.’’; (2) in paragraph (4)— (A) by striking ‘‘once,’’ and inserting ‘‘once in a 10year period,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘at any time’’ after ‘‘different project’’; and (3) in paragraph (5)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (E) and (F) as subparagraphs (F) and (G), respectively; and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) the assistance will be used to help restore scheduled passenger air service that has been terminated;’’. (b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 41743(e)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2023 to carry out this section, of which $4,800,000 per fiscal year shall be used to carry out the pilot program established under subsection (i). Such sums shall remain available until expended.’’. (c) REGIONAL AIRTRANSPORTATION PILOT PROGRAM .—Section 41743 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) REGIONAL AIRTRANSPORTATION PILOT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) ESTABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish a regional air transportation pilot program to provide operating assistance to air carriers in order to provide air service to communities not receiving sufficient air carrier service. ‘‘(2) GRANTS .—The Secretary shall provide grants under the program to encourage and maintain air service at reasonable airfares between communities that have experienced, as determined by the Secretary, significant declines in air service. ‘‘(3) APPLICATION REQUIRED .—In order to participate in the program, a State, local government, economic development authority, or other public entity shall submit to the Secretary an application, in a manner that the Secretary prescribes, that contains— ‘‘(A) an identification of an air carrier that has provided a written agreement to provide the air service in partnership with the applicant; ‘‘(B) assurances that the applicant will provide the nonFederal share and that the nonFederal share is not derived from airport revenue; ‘‘(C) a proposed route structure serving not more than 8 communities; and ‘‘(D) a timeline for commencing the air service to the communities within the proposed route structure. ‘‘(4) CRITERIA FOR PARTICIPATION .—The Sec retary may approve up to 3 applications each fiscal year, subject to the availability of funds, if the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(A) the proposal of the applicant can reasonably be expected to encourage and improve levels of air service between the relevant communities; ‘‘(B) the applicant has adequate financial resources to ensure the commitment to the communities; ‘‘(C) the airports serving the communities are nonhub, small hub, or medium hub airports, as determined using the Department of Transportation’s most recently published classifications; and ‘‘(D) the air carrier commits to serving the communities for at least 2 years. ‘‘(5) PRIORITIES .—The Secretary shall prioritize applications that— ‘‘(A) would initiate new or reestablish air service in communities where air fares are higher than the average air fares for all communities; ‘‘(B) are more likely to result in selfsustaining air service at the end of the program; ‘‘(C) request a Federal share lower than 50 percent; and ‘‘(D) propose to use grant funds in a timely fashion. ‘‘(6) FEDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of operating assistance provided under the program may not exceed 50 percent. ‘‘(7) SUNSET .—This subsection shall cease to be effective on October 1, 2023.’’. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 41731(a)(1)(A)(ii) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Wendell H. Ford Aviation Investment and Reform Act for the 21st Century,’’ and inserting ‘‘FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–190),’’. (b) PROGRAM SUNSET .—Section 41736 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) SUNSET .— ‘‘(1) PROPOSALS .—No proposal under subsection (a) may be accepted by the Secretary after the date of enactment of this subsection. ‘‘(2) PROGRAM .—The Secretary may not provide any compensation under this section after the date that is 2 years after the date of enactment of this subsection.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall initiate a review of the comprehensive and strategic framework of principles and policies (referred to in this section as the ‘‘framework’’) developed pursuant to section 2111 of the FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act of 2016 (49 U.S.C. 44903 note). (b) CONTENTS .—In undertaking the review under subsection (a), the Administrator shall— (1) assess the degree to which the framework identifies and addresses known cybersecurity risks associated with the aviation system; (2) review existing short and longterm objectives for addressing cybersecurity risks to the national airspace system; and (3) assess the Administration’s level of engagement and coordination with aviation stakeholders and other appropriate agencies, organizations, or groups with which the Administration consults to carry out the framework. (c) UPDATES .—Upon completion of the review under subsection (a), the Administrator shall modify the framework, as appropriate, to address any deficiencies identified by the review. (d) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after initiating the review required by subsection (a), the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the review, including a description of any modifications made to the framework. 
SEC. 502. CONSOLIDATION AND REALIGNMENT OF FAA SERVICES AND FACILITIES. 
Section 804(a) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 44501 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘The purpose of the report shall be—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(B) to reduce’’ and inserting ‘‘The purpose of the report shall be to reduce’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) INPUT .—The report shall be prepared by the Administrator (or the Administrator’s designee) with the participation of— ‘‘(A) representatives of labor organizations representing air traffic control system employees of the FAA; and ‘‘(B) industry stakeholders.’’. 
(a) A GENCY REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a detailed analysis of any actions taken to address the findings and recommendations included in the report required under section 812(d) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 106 note), including— (1) consolidating, phasingout, or eliminating duplicative positions, programs, roles, or offices; (2) eliminating or streamlining wasteful practices; (3) eliminating or phasingout redundant, obsolete, or unnecessary functions; (4) reforming and streamlining inefficient processes so that the activities of the Administration are completed in an expedited and efficient manner; and (5) reforming or eliminating ineffectual or outdated policies. (b) ADDITIONAL REVIEW .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall undertake and complete a thorough review of each program, office, and organization within the Administration to identify— (1) duplicative positions, programs, roles, or offices; (2) wasteful practices; (3) redundant, obsolete, or unnecessary functions; (4) inefficient processes; and (5) ineffectual or outdated policies. (c) ACTIONS TOSTREAMLINE AND REFORM  FAA.—Not later than 60 days after the date of completion of the review under subsection (b), the Administrator shall undertake such actions as may be necessary to address the findings of the Administrator under such subsection. (d) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of completion of the review under subsection (b), the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the actions taken by the Administrator pursuant to subsection (c), including any recommendations for legislative or administrative actions. 
(a) U SE OF UNLEADED AVIATION GASOLINE .— The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall allow the use of an unleaded aviation gasoline in an aircraft as a replacement for a leaded gasoline if the Administrator— (1) determines that an unleaded aviation gasoline qualifies as a replacement for an approved leaded gasoline; (2) identifies the aircraft and engines that are eligible to use the qualified replacement unleaded gasoline; and (3) adopts a process (other than the traditional means of certification) to allow eligible aircraft and engines to operate using qualified replacement unleaded gasoline in a manner that ensures safety. (b) TIMING .—The Administrator shall adopt the process described in subsection (a)(3) not later than 180 days after the later of— (1) the date of completion of the Piston Aviation Fuels Initiative of the Administration; or (2) the date of publication of an American Society for Testing and Materials Production Specification for an unleaded aviation gasoline. (c) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Piston Aviation Fuels Initiative of the Administration and the American Society for Testing and Materials should work to find an appropriate unleaded aviation gasoline by January 1, 2024. 
SEC. 505. RIGHT TO PRIVACY WHEN USING AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL SYSTEM. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall, upon request of a private aircraft owner or operator, block the registration number of the aircraft of the owner or operator from any public dissemination or display, except in data made available to a Government agency, for the noncommercial flights of the owner or operator. 
On an annual basis, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall work with representatives of Administrationapproved air shows, the general aviation community, and stadiums and other large outdoor events and venues to identify and resolve, to the maximum extent practicable, scheduling conflicts between Administrationapproved air shows and large outdoor events and venues where— (1) flight restrictions will be imposed pursuant to section 521 of title V of division F of Public Law 108–199 (118 Stat. 343); or (2) any other restriction will be imposed pursuant to Federal Aviation Administration Flight Data Center Notice to Airmen 4/ 3621 (or any successor notice to airmen). SEC. 507. PART 91 REVIEW, REFORM, AND STREAMLINING. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF TASK FORCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall establish a task force comprised of representatives of the general aviation industry who regularly perform part 91 operations, labor unions (including those representing FAA aviation safety inspectors and FAA aviation safety engineers), manufacturers, and the Government to— (1) conduct an assessment of the FAA oversight and authorization processes and requirements for aircraft under part 91; and (2) make recommendations to streamline the applicable authorization and approval processes, improve safety, and reduce regulatory cost burdens and delays for the FAA and aircraft owners and operators who operate pursuant to part 91. (b) CONTENTS .—In conducting the assessment and making recommendations under subsection (a), the task force shall consider— (1) process reforms and improvements to allow the FAA to review and approve applications in a fair and timely fashion; (2) the appropriateness of requiring an authorization for each experimental aircraft rather than using a broader all makes and models approach; (3) ways to improve the timely response to letters of authorization applications for aircraft owners and operators who operate pursuant to part 91, including setting deadlines and granting temporary or automatic authorizations if deadlines are missed by the FAA; (4) methods for enhancing the effective use of delegation systems; (5) methods for training the FAA’s field office employees in riskbased and safety management system oversight; and (6) such other matters related to streamlining part 91 authorization and approval processes as the task force considers appropriate. (c) REPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the task force’s assessment. (2) CONTENTS .—The report shall include an explanation of how the Administrator will— (A) implement the recommendations of the task force; (B) measure progress in implementing the recommendations; and (C) measure the effectiveness of the implemented recommendations. (d) IMPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDA TIONS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall implement the recommendations made under this section. (e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the following definitions apply: (1) FAA.—The term ‘‘FAA’’ means the Federal Aviation Administration. (2) PART 91 .—The term ‘‘part 91’’ means part 91 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. (f) APPLICABLE LAW.—Public Law 92–463 shall not apply to the task force. 
(g) S UNSET .—The task force shall terminate on the day the Administrator submits the report required under subsection (c). 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall initiate a rulemaking to increase the duration of aircraft registrations for noncommercial general aviation aircraft to 10 years. 
SEC. 509. AIR TRANSPORTATION OF LITHIUM CELLS AND BATTERIES. 
(a) C OOPERATIVE EFFORTS TOENSURE COMPLIANCE WITHSAFETY REGULATIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Transportation, in coordination with appropriate Federal agencies, shall carry out cooperative efforts to ensure that shippers who offer lithium ion and lithium metal batteries for air transport to or from the United States comply with U.S. Hazardous Materials Regulations and ICAO Technical Instructions. (2) COOPERATIVE EFFORTS .—The cooperative efforts the Secretary shall carry out pursuant to paragraph (1) include the following: (A) Encouraging training programs at locations outside the United States from which substantial cargo shipments of lithium ion or lithium metal batteries originate for manufacturers, freight forwarders, and other shippers and potential shippers of lithium ion and lithium metal batteries. (B) Working with Federal, regional, and international transportation agencies to ensure enforcement of U.S. Hazardous Materials Regulations and ICAO Technical Instructions with respect to shippers who offer noncompliant shipments of lithium ion and lithium metal batteries. (C) Sharing information, as appropriate, with Federal, regional, and international transportation agencies regarding noncompliant shipments. (D) Pursuing a joint effort with the international aviation community to develop a process to obtain assurances that appropriate enforcement actions are taken to reduce the likelihood of noncompliant shipments, especially with respect to jurisdictions in which enforcement activities historically have been limited. (E) Providing information in brochures and on the internet in appropriate foreign languages and dialects that describes the actions required to comply with U.S. Hazardous Materials Regulations and ICAO Technical Instructions. (F) Developing joint efforts with the international aviation community to promote a better understanding of the requirements of and methods of compliance with U.S. Hazardous Materials Regulations and ICAO Technical Instructions. (3) REPORTING .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for 2 years, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on compliance with the policy set forth in subsection (e) and the cooperative efforts carried out, or planned to be carried out, under this subsection. (b) LITHIUM BATTERY AIRSAFETY ADVISORY  COMMITTEE .— (1) ESTABLISHMENT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish, in accordance with the requirements of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.), a lithium ion and lithium metal battery air safety advisory committee (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Committee’’). (2) DUTIES .—The Committee shall— (A) facilitate communication between manufacturers of lithium ion and lithium metal cells and batteries, manufacturers of products incorporating both large and small lithium ion and lithium metal batteries, air carriers, and the Federal Government regarding the safe air transportation of lithium ion and lithium metal cells and batteries and the effectiveness and economic and social impacts of the regulation of such transportation; (B) provide the Secretary, the Federal Aviation Administration, and the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration with timely information about new lithium ion and lithium metal battery technology and transportation safety practices and methodologies; (C) provide a forum for the Secretary to provide information on and to discuss the activities of the Department of Transportation relating to lithium ion and lithium metal battery transportation safety, the policies underlying the activities, and positions to be advocated in international forums; (D) provide a forum for the Secretary to provide information and receive advice on— (i) activities carried out throughout the world to communicate and enforce relevant United States regulations and the ICAO Technical Instructions; and (ii) the effectiveness of the activities; (E) provide advice and recommendations to the Secretary with respect to lithium ion and lithium metal battery air transportation safety, including how best to implement activities to increase awareness of relevant requirements and their importance to travelers and shippers; and (F) review methods to decrease the risk posed by air shipment of undeclared hazardous materials and efforts to educate those who prepare and offer hazardous materials for shipment via air transport. (3) MEMBERSHIP .—The Committee shall be composed of the following members: (A) Individuals appointed by the Secretary to represent— (i) large volume manufacturers of lithium ion and lithium metal cells and batteries; (ii) domestic manufacturers of lithium ion and lithium metal batteries or battery packs; (iii) manufacturers of consumer products powered by lithium ion and lithium metal batteries; (iv) manufacturers of vehicles powered by lithium ion and lithium metal batteries; (v) marketers of products powered by lithium ion and lithium metal batteries; (vi) cargo air service providers based in the United States; (vii) passenger air service providers based in the United States; (viii) pilots and employees of air service providers described in clauses (vi) and (vii); (ix) shippers of lithium ion and lithium metal batteries for air transportation; (x) manufacturers of batterypowered medical devices or batteries used in medical devices; and (xi) employees of the Department of Transportation, including employees of the Federal Aviation Administration and the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration. (B) Representatives of such other Government departments and agencies as the Secretary determines appropriate. (C) Any other individuals the Secretary determines are appropriate to comply with Federal law. (4) REPORT .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the establishment of the Committee, the Committee shall submit to the Secretary, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that— (i) describes and evaluates the steps being taken in the private sector and by international regulatory authorities to implement and enforce requirements relating to the safe transportation by air of bulk shipments of lithium ion cells and batteries; and (ii) identifies any areas of enforcement or regulatory requirements for which there is consensus that greater attention is needed. (B) INDEPENDENT STATEMENTS .—Each member of the Committee shall be provided an opportunity to submit an independent statement of views with the report submitted pursuant to subparagraph (A). (5) MEETINGS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Committee shall meet at the direction of the Secretary and at least twice a year. (B) PREPARATION FOR ICAO MEETINGS .—Not withstanding subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall convene a meeting of the Committee in connection with and in advance of each meeting of the International Civil Aviation Organization, or any of its panels or working groups, addressing the safety of air transportation of lithium ion and lithium metal batteries to brief Committee members on positions to be taken by the United States at such meeting and provide Committee members a meaningful opportunity to comment. (6) TERMINATION .—The Committee shall terminate on the date that is 6 years after the date on which the Committee is established. (7) TERMINATION OF FUTURE OF AVIATION AD VISORY COMMITTEE .—The Future of Aviation Advisory Committee shall terminate on the date on which the lithium ion battery air safety advisory committee is established. (c) MEDICAL DEVICE BATTERIES .— (1) LIMITED EXCEPTIONS TO RESTRICTIONS ON  
AIR TRANSPORTATION OF MEDICAL DEVICE BAT TERIES .—The Secretary shall issue limited exceptions to the restrictions on transportation of lithium ion and lithium metal batteries to allow the shipment on a passenger aircraft of not more than 2 replacement batteries specifically used for a medical device if— (A) the intended destination of the batteries is not serviced daily by cargo aircraft if a battery is required for medically necessary care; and (B) with regard to a shipper of lithium ion or lithium metal batteries for medical devices that cannot comply with a charge limitation in place at the time, each battery is— (i) individually packed in an inner packaging that completely encloses the battery; (ii) placed in a rigid outer packaging; and (iii) protected to prevent a short circuit. (2) MEDICAL DEVICE DEFINED .—ln this subsection, the term ‘‘medical device’’ means an instrument, apparatus, implement, machine, contrivance, implant, or in vitro reagent, including any component, part, or accessory thereof, which is intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease, in a person. (3) SAVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed as expanding or restricting any authority of the Secretary under section 828 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 44701 note). (d) PACKAGING IMPROVEMENTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with interested stakeholders, shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an evaluation of current practices for the packaging of 
lithium ion batteries and cells for air transportation, including recommendations, if any, to improve the packaging of such batteries and cells for air transportation in a safe, efficient, and costeffective manner. (e) DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION POLICY ON INTERNATIONAL REPRESENTATION .—It shall be the policy of the Department of Transportation to support the participation of industry in all panels and working groups of the Dangerous Goods Panel of the International Civil Aviation Organization and any other international test or standard setting organization that considers proposals on the safety or transportation of lithium ion and lithium metal batteries in which the United States participates. (f) HARMONIZATION WITHICAO T ECHNICAL  INSTRUCTIONS .—Pursuant to section 828 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 44701 note), not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall conform United States regulations on the air transport of lithium cells and batteries with the lithium cells and batteries requirements in the 2015–2016 edition of the ICAO Technical Instructions (including all addenda), including the revised standards adopted by the International Civil Aviation Organization that became effective on April 1, 2016. (g) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the following definitions apply: (1) ICAO 
TECHNICAL INSTRUCTIONS .—The term ‘‘ICAO Technical Instructions’’ has the meaning given that term in section 828(c) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 44701 note). (2) U.S. 
HAZARDOUS MATERIALS REGULA TIONS .—The term ‘‘U.S. Hazardous Materials Regulations’’ means the regulations in parts 100 through 177 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (including amendments adopted after the date of enactment of this Act). 
SEC. 510. REMOTE TOWER PILOT PROGRAM FOR RURAL AND SMALL COMMUNITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish a pilot program under which, upon approval of an application submitted by an operator of a publicuse airport, the Secretary shall install and operate at the airport a remote air traffic control tower in order to assess the operational benefits of remote air traffic control towers. (b) APPLICATIONS .—The operator of an airport seeking to participate in the pilot program shall submit to the Secretary for approval an application that is in such form and contains such information as the Secretary may require. (c) SELECTION CRITERIA .— (1) SELECTION OF AIRPORTS .—From among the applications submitted under subsection (b), the Secretary, after consultation with representatives of labor organizations representing operators and employees of the air traffic control system, shall select for participation in the pilot program 7 airports as follows: (A) 1 nonhub, primary airport. (B) 3 nonprimary airports without existing air traffic control towers. (C) 2 airports with air traffic control towers participating in a program established under section 47124 of title 49, United States Code. (D) 1 airport selected at the discretion of the Secretary. (2) PRIORITY SELECTION .—In selecting from among the applications submitted under subsection (b), the Secretary shall give priority to applicants that can best demonstrate the capabilities and potential of remote air traffic control towers, including applicants proposing to operate multiple remote air traffic control towers from a single facility. (3) AUTHORITY TO REALLOCATE AIRPORT SE LECTION .—If the Secretary receives an insufficient number of applications, the Secretary may reallocate the distribution of airport sites described in paragraph (1). (d) SAFETY RISKMANAGEMENT PANEL .— (1) SAFETY RISK MANAGEMENT PANEL MEET ING.—Prior to the operational use of a remote air traffic control tower, the Secretary shall convene a safety risk management panel for the tower to address any safety issues with respect to the tower. (2) SAFETY RISK MANAGEMENT PANEL BEST  
PRACTICES .—The safety risk management panels shall be created and utilized in a manner similar to that of safety risk management panels previously established for remote air traffic control towers, taking into account— (A) best practices that have been developed; and (B) operational data from remote air traffic control towers located in the United States. (e) AIRPORT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .—The pilot program shall be eligible for airport improvement funding under chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code. (f) POSSIBLE EXPANSION OF PROGRAM .—Not later than 30 days after the date that the first remote air traffic control tower is commissioned, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall establish a repeatable process by which future certified remote air traffic control tower systems may be commissioned at additional airports. (g) DEFINITIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—In this section, the following definitions apply: (A) AIR NAVIGATION FACILITY .—The term ‘‘air navigation facility’’ has the meaning given that term in section 40102(a) of title 49, United States Code. (B) REMOTE AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL TOWER .— The term ‘‘remote air traffic control tower’’ means a remotely operated air navigation facility, including all necessary system components, that provides the functions and capabilities of an air traffic control tower. (2) APPLICABILITY OF OTHER DEFINITIONS .— The terms ‘‘nonhub airport’’, ‘‘primary airport’’, and ‘‘publicuse airport’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 47102 of title 49, United States Code. (h) SUNSET .—The pilot program shall terminate on the date that is 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 511. ENSURING FAA READINESS TO PROVIDE SEAMLESS OCEANIC OPERATIONS. 
Not later than September 30, 2018, the Secretary of Transportation shall make a final investment decision for the implementation of a reduced oceanic separation capability that, by March 31, 2019, shall be operational and in use providing capabilities at least equivalent to that offered in neighboring airspace, and such service shall be provided in the same manner as terrestrial surveillance is provided. 
SEC. 512. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING WOMEN IN AVIATION. 
It is the sense of Congress that the aviation industry should explore all opportunities, including pilot training, science, technology, engineering, and mathematics education, and mentorship programs, to encourage and support female students and aviators to pursue a career in aviation. 
The Secretary of Transportation may implement the policy set forth in the notice of proposed policy titled ‘‘Proposal to Consider the Impact of One Engine Inoperative Procedures in Obstruction Evaluation Aeronautical Studies’’ published by the Department of Transportation on April 28, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 23300), only if the policy is adopted pursuant to a notice and comment rulemaking and, for purposes of Executive Order 12866 (5 U.S.C. 601 note; relating to regulatory planning and review), is treated as a significant regulatory action within the scope of section 3(f)(1) of such Order. SEC. 514. AIRCRAFT LEASING. 
Section 44112(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘on land or water’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘operational’’ before ‘‘control’’. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the National Test Equipment Program of the Federal Aviation Administration (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Program’’). (b) CONTENTS .—The report shall include— (1) a list of all known outstanding requests for test equipment, cataloged by type and location, under the Program; (2) a description of the current method under the Program of ensuring calibrated equipment is in place for utilization; (3) a plan by the Administrator for appropriate inventory of such equipment; (4) the Administrator’s recommendations for increasing multifunctionality in future test equipment and all known and foreseeable manufacturer technological advances; and (5) a plan to replace, as appropriate, obsolete test equipment throughout the service areas. 
(a) G UIDANCE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall make publicly available, in a clear and concise format, advisory guidance that describes how a pilot may share flight expenses with passengers in a manner consistent with Federal law, including regulations. (2) EXAMPLES INCLUDED .—The guidance shall include examples of— (A) flights for which pilots and passengers may share expenses; (B) flights for which pilots and passengers may not share expenses; (C) the methods of communication that pilots and passengers may use to arrange flights for which expenses are shared; and (D) the methods of communication that pilots and passengers may not use to arrange flights for which expenses are shared. (b) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which guidance is made publicly available under subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report analyzing Federal policy with respect to pilots sharing flight expenses with passengers. (2) EVALUATIONS INCLUDED .—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include an evaluation of— (A) the rationale for such Federal policy; (B) safety and other concerns related to pilots sharing flight expenses with passengers; and 
(C) benefits related to pilots sharing flight expenses with passengers. 
SEC. 517. AVIATION RULEMAKING COMMITTEE FOR PART 135 PILOT REST AND DUTY RULES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall convene an aviation rulemaking committee to review, and develop findings and recommendations regarding, pilot rest and duty rules under part 135 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) DUTIES .—The Administrator shall— (1) not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report based on the findings of the aviation rulemaking committee; and (2) not later than 1 year after the date of submission of the report under paragraph (1), issue a notice of proposed rulemaking based on any consensus recommendations reached by the aviation rulemaking committee. (c) COMPOSITION .—The aviation rulemaking committee shall consist of members appointed by the Administrator, including— (1) representatives of industry; (2) representatives of aviation labor organizations, including collective bargaining units representing pilots who are covered by part 135 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, and subpart K of part 91 of such title; and (3) aviation safety experts with specific knowledge of flight crewmember education and training requirements under part 135 of such title. (d) CONSIDERATIONS .—The Administrator shall direct the aviation rulemaking committee to consider— (1) recommendations of prior part 135 rulemaking committees; (2) accommodations necessary for small businesses; (3) scientific data derived from aviationrelated fatigue and sleep research; (4) data gathered from aviation safety reporting programs; (5) the need to accommodate the diversity of operations conducted under part 135; and (6) other items, as appropriate. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority (in this section referred to as ‘‘MWAA’’), which operates Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport and Dulles International Airport by lease with the Department of Transportation, has routinely performed poorly on audits conducted by the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation; (2) the responsible stewardship of taxpayer owned assets by MWAA is of great concern to Congress; (3) a March 20, 2015, audit conducted by the Inspector General titled ‘‘MWAA’s Office of Audit Does Not Have an Adequate Quality Assurance and Improvement Program’’ (Report No. ZA–2015–035) found that MWAA’s quality assurance and improvement program did not conform with the standards of the Institute of Internal Auditors; and (4) the Inspector General’s audit made 7 recommendations to strengthen MWAA governance, its Office of Audit, and its quality assurance and improvement program. (b) IMPLEMENTING AUDIT RECOMMENDA TIONS .— (1) STUDY .—The Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall conduct a study on MWAA’s progress in implementing the recommendations of the audit referred to in subsection (a). (2) REPORT .—The Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the study, including the Inspector General’s findings, conclusions, and recommendations for strengthening and improving MWAA’s Office of Audit. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall permit a covered air carrier to operate to or from a location in a noncontiguous State without a Terminal Aerodrome Forecast or Meteorological Aerodrome Report if— (1) such location is determined to be under visual meteorological conditions; (2) a current Area Forecast, supplemented by other local weather observations or reports, is available; and (3) an alternate airport that has an available Terminal Aerodrome Forecast and weather report is specified. (b) PROCEDURES .—A covered air carrier shall— (1) have approved procedures for dispatch or release and enroute weather evaluation; and (2) operate under instrument flight rules enroute to the destination. (c) COVERED AIRCARRIER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered air carrier’’ means an air carrier operating in a noncontiguous State under part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. 
SEC. 520. FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION EMPLOYEES STATIONED ON GUAM. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and the Secretary of Defense should seek an agreement that would enable Federal Aviation Administration employees stationed on Guam to have access to Department of Defense hospitals, commissaries, and exchanges on Guam; (2) access to these facilities is important to ensure the health and wellbeing of Federal Aviation Administration employees and their families; and (3) in exchange for this access, the Federal Aviation Administration should make payments to cover the applicable administrative costs incurred by the Department of Defense in carrying out the agreement. 
(a) A IRPORT CAPACITY ENHANCEMENT  PROJECTS AT CONGESTED AIRPORTS .—Section 40104(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 47176’’ and inserting ‘‘section 47175’’. (b) PASSENGER FACILITY CHARGES .—Section 40117(a)(5) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘charge or charge’’ and inserting ‘‘charge’’. (c) OVERFLIGHTS OF NATIONAL PARKS .—Sec tion 40128(a)(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘under part 91 of the title 14,’’ and inserting ‘‘under part 91 of title 14,’’. (d) PLANS TOADDRESS NEEDS OF FAMILIES  
OFPASSENGERS INVOLVED IN FOREIGN AIR CARRIER ACCIDENTS .—Section 41313(c)(16) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘An assurance that the foreign air carrier’’ and inserting ‘‘An assurance that’’. (e) OPERATIONS OF CARRIERS .—The analysis for chapter 417 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 41718 and inserting the following: ‘‘41718. Special rules for Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport.’’. (f) SCHEDULES FOR CERTAIN TRANSPOR TATION OF MAIL.—Section 41902(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 41906’’ and inserting ‘‘section 41905’’. (g) WEIGHING MAIL.—Section 41907 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and administrative’’ and inserting ‘‘and administrative’’. (h) STRUCTURES INTERFERING WITH AIR COMMERCE OR NATIONAL SECURITY .—Section 44718(b)(1) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘air navigation facilities and equipment’’ and inserting ‘‘air or space navigation facilities and equipment’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in clause (v) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating clause (vi) as clause (vii); and (C) by inserting after clause (v) the following: ‘‘(vi) the impact on launch and reentry for launch and reentry vehicles arriving or departing from a launch site or reentry site licensed by the Secretary of Transportation; and’’. (i) FEES INVOLVING AIRCRAFT NOTPROVIDING AIRTRANSPORTATION .—Section 45302 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘44703(f)(2)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘44703(g)(2)’’. (j) CHAPTER 465.—The analysis for chapter 465 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the following: ‘‘46503. Repealed.’’. (k) SOLICITATION AND CONSIDERATION OF  COMMENTS .—Section 47171(l) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘4371’’ and inserting ‘‘4321’’. (l) ADJUSTMENTS TO COMPENSATION FOR SIGNIFICANTLY INCREASED COSTS.—Section 426 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 is amended— (1) in subsection (a) (49 U.S.C. 41737 note) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’; and (2) in subsection (c) (49 U.S.C. 41731 note) by striking ‘‘the Secretary may waive’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary of Transportation may waive’’. (m) AIRCRAFT DEPARTURE QUEUE MANAGE MENT PILOT PROGRAM .—Section 507(a) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 44505 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 48101(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 48101(a) of title 49, United States Code,’’. 
SEC. 522. APPLICATION OF VETERANS’ PREFERENCE TO FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM. 
Section 40122(g)(2)(B) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘3304(f),’’ before ‘‘3308 3320’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘3330a, 3330b, 3330c, and 3330d,’’ before ‘‘relating’’. 
SEC. 523. PUBLIC AIRCRAFT ELIGIBLE FOR LOGGING FLIGHT TIMES. 
The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall issue regulations modifying section 61.51(j)(4) of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, so as to include aircraft under the direct operational control of forestry and fire protection agencies as public aircraft eligible for logging flight times. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review to assess the workforce and training needs of the Federal Aviation Administration (in this section referred to as the ‘‘FAA’’) in the anticipated budgetary environment. (b) CONTENTS .—In conducting the review, the Comptroller General shall— (1) identify the longterm workforce and training needs of the FAA workforce; 
(2) assess the impact of automation, digitalization, and artificial intelligence on the FAA workforce; (3) analyze the skills and qualifications required of the FAA workforce for successful performance in the current and future projected aviation environment; (4) review current performance incentive policies of the FAA, including awards for performance; (5) analyze ways in which the FAA can work with industry and labor, including labor groups representing the FAA workforce, to establish knowledgesharing opportunities between the FAA and the aviation industry regarding new equipment and systems, best practices, and other areas of interest; and (6) develop recommendations on the most effective qualifications, training programs (including elearning training), and performance incentive approaches to address the needs of the future projected aviation regulatory system in the anticipated budgetary environment. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the review. 
Section 40116(d)(2)(A) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) except as otherwise provided under section 47133, levy or collect a tax, fee, or charge, first taking effect after the date of enactment of this clause, upon any business located at a commercial service airport or operating as a permittee of such an airport that is not generally imposed on sales or services by that State, political subdivision, or authority unless wholly utilized for airport or aeronautical purposes.’’. 
SEC. 526. AVIATION AND AEROSPACE WORKFORCE OF THE FUTURE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) in 2016, United States air carriers carried a record high number of passengers on domestic flights, 719 million passengers; (2) the United States aerospace and defense industry employed 1.7 million workers in 2015, or roughly 2 percent of the Nation’s total employment base; (3) the average salary of an employee in the aerospace and defense industry is 44 percent above the national average; (4) in 2015, the aerospace and defense industry contributed nearly $202.4 billion in value added to the United States economy; (5) an effective aviation industry relies on individuals with unique skill sets, many of which can be directly obtained through career and technical education opportunities; and (6) industry and the Federal Government have taken some actions to attract qualified individuals to careers in aviation and aerospace and to retain qualified individuals in such careers. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) public and private education institutions should make available to students and parents information on approved programs of study and career pathways, including career exploration, workbased learning opportunities, dual and concurrent enrollment opportunities, and guidance and advisement resources; (2) public and private education institutions should partner with aviation and aerospace companies to promote career paths available within the industry and share information on the unique benefits and opportunities the career paths offer; (3) aviation companies, including air carriers, manufacturers, commercial space companies, unmanned aircraft system companies, and repair stations, should create opportunities, through apprenticeships or other mechanisms, to attract young people to aviation and aerospace careers and to enable individuals to gain the critical skills needed to thrive in such professions; and (4) the Federal Government should consider the needs of men and women interested in pursuing careers in the aviation and aerospace industry, the longterm personnel needs of the aviation and aerospace industry, and the role of aviation in the United States economy in the creation and administration of educational and financial aid programs. SEC. 527. FUTURE AVIATION AND AEROSPACE WORKFORCE STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study— (1) to identify the factors influencing the supply of individuals pursuing a career in the aviation or aerospace industry; and (2) to identify best practices or programs to incentivize, recruit, and retain young people in aviation and aerospace professions. (b) CONSULTATION .—The Comptroller General shall conduct the study in consultation with— (1) appropriate Federal agencies; and (2) the aviation and aerospace industry, institutions of higher education, and labor stakeholders. (c) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study and related recommendations. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall exercise leadership in the creation of Federal and international policies, regulations, and standards relating to the certification and safe and efficient operation of civil supersonic aircraft. (b) EXERCISE OF LEADERSHIP .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Administrator shall— (1) consider the needs of the aerospace industry and other stakeholders when creating policies, regulations, and standards that enable the safe commercial deployment of civil supersonic aircraft technology and the safe and efficient operation of civil supersonic aircraft; and (2) obtain the input of aerospace industry stakeholders regarding— (A) the appropriate regulatory framework and timeline for permitting the safe and efficient operation of civil supersonic aircraft within United States airspace, including updating or modifying existing regulations on such operation; (B) issues related to standards and regulations for the type certification and safe operation of civil supersonic aircraft, including noise certification, including— (i) the operational differences between subsonic aircraft and supersonic aircraft; (ii) costs and benefits associated with landing and takeoff noise requirements for civil supersonic aircraft, including impacts on aircraft emissions; (iii) public and economic benefits of the operation of civil supersonic aircraft and associated aerospace industry activity; and (iv) challenges relating to ensuring that standards and regulations aimed at relieving and protecting the public health and welfare from aircraft noise and sonic booms are economically reasonable, technologically practicable, and appropriate for civil supersonic aircraft; and (C) other issues identified by the Administrator or the aerospace industry that must be addressed to enable the safe commercial deployment and safe and efficient operation of civil supersonic aircraft. (c) INTERNATIONAL LEADERSHIP .—The Ad ministrator, in the appropriate international forums, shall take actions that— (1) demonstrate global leadership under subsection (a); (2) address the needs of the aerospace industry identified under subsection (b); and (3) protect the public health and welfare. (d) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report detailing— (1) the Administrator’s actions to exercise leadership in the creation of Federal and international policies, regulations, and standards relating to the certification and safe and efficient operation of civil supersonic aircraft; (2) planned, proposed, and anticipated actions to update or modify existing policies and regulations related to civil supersonic aircraft, including those identified as a result of industry consultation and feedback; and (3) a timeline for any actions to be taken to update or modify existing policies and regulations related to civil supersonic aircraft. 
The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall consider the aircraft registry office in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as excepted during a Government shutdown or emergency (as it provides excepted services) to ensure that it remains open during any Government shutdown or emergency. 
SEC. 530. FOREIGN AIR TRANSPORTATION UNDER UNITED STATESEUROPEAN UNION AIR TRANSPORT AGREEMENT. 
(a) C ERTAIN FOREIGN AIRTRANSPORTATION  PERMITS .—The Secretary of Transportation may not issue a permit under section 41302 of title 49, United States Code, or an exemption under section 40109 of such title, authorizing a person to provide foreign air transportation as a foreign air carrier under the United StatesEuropean Union Air Transport Agreement of April 2007 (as amended) in a proceeding in which the applicability of Article 17 bis of such Agreement has been raised by an interested person, unless the Secretary— (1) finds that issuing the permit or exemption would be consistent with the intent set forth in Article 17 bis of the Agreement, that opportunities created by the Agreement do not undermine labor standards or the labor related rights and principles contained in the laws of the respective parties to the Agreement; and (2) imposes on the permit or exemption such conditions as may be necessary to ensure that the person complies with the intent of Article 17 bis. (b) PUBLIC INTEREST TEST.—Section 41302(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘under an agreement with the United States Government; or’’ and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘the foreign air transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘after considering the totality of the circumstances, including the factors set forth 
in section 40101(a), the foreign air transportation’’. (c) PUBLIC INTEREST REQUIREMENTS .— (1) POLICY .—Section 40101(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(17) preventing entry into United States markets by flag of convenience carriers.’’. (2) INTERNATIONAL AIR TRANSPORTATION .— Section 40101(e)(9) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subparagraph (D) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (E) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) erosion of labor standards associated with flag of convenience carriers.’’. (3) FLAG OF CONVENIENCE CARRIER DE FINED .—Section 40102(a) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(48) ‘flag of convenience carrier’ means a foreign air carrier that is established in a country other than the home country of its majority owner or owners in order to avoid regulations of the home country.’’. 
SEC. 531. TRAINING ON HUMAN TRAFFICKING FOR CERTAIN STAFF. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 44737. Training on human trafficking for certain staff ‘‘In addition to other training requirements, each air carrier shall provide training— ‘‘(1) to ticket counter agents, gate agents, and other air carrier workers whose jobs require regular interaction with passengers; and ‘‘(2) on recognizing and responding to potential human trafficking victims.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘44737. Training on human trafficking for certain staff.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall publish a direct final rule— (1) revising section 107.205 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, by striking the second sentence of subsections (a) and (c); and (2) revising section 107.25 of such title by striking ‘‘and is not transporting another person’s property for compensation or hire’’. (b) DETERMINATION OF WAIVER .—In deter mining whether to grant a waiver under part 107 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, to authorize transportation of another’s property for compensation or hire beyond the visual line of sight of the remote pilot, from a moving vehicle, or over people, the Administrator shall consider the technological capabilities of the unmanned aircraft system, the qualifications of the remote pilot, and the operational environment. 
(a) T RANSPARENCY .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall publish on the Federal Aviation Administration website a representative sample of the safety justifications, offered by applicants for small unmanned aircraft system waivers and airspace authorizations, that have been approved by the Administration for each regulation waived or class of airspace authorized, except that any published justification shall not reveal proprietary or commercially sensitive information. (b) TECHNOLOGY IMPROVEMENTS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall revise the online waiver and certificates of authorization processes— (1) to provide real time confirmation that an application filed online has been received by the Administration; and (2) to provide an applicant with an opportunity to review the status of the applicant’s application. 
Section 41706 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (e); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the following: ‘‘(d) ELECTRONIC CIGARETTES .— ‘‘(1) INCLUSION .—The use of an electronic cigarette shall be treated as smoking for purposes of this section. ‘‘(2) ELECTRONIC CIGARETTE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘electronic cigarette’ means a device that delivers nicotine to a user of the device in the form of a vapor that is inhaled to simulate the experience of smoking.’’. 
SEC. 535. CONSUMER PROTECTION REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO LARGE TICKET AGENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue a final rule to require large ticket agents to adopt minimum customer service standards. (b) PURPOSE .—The purpose of the final rule shall be to ensure that, to the maximum extent practicable, there is a consistent level of consumer protection regardless of where consumers purchase air fares and related air transportation services. (c) STANDARDS .—In issuing the final rule, the Secretary shall consider, at a minimum, establishing standards for— (1) providing prompt refunds when ticket refunds are due, including fees for optional services that consumers purchased but were not able to use due to a flight cancellation or oversale situation; (2) providing an option to hold a reservation at the quoted fare without payment, or to cancel without penalty, for 24 hours; (3) disclosing cancellation policies, seating configurations, and lavatory availability with respect to flights; (4) notifying customers in a timely manner of itinerary changes; and (5) responding promptly to customer complaints. (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the following shall apply: (1) TICKET AGENT .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘ticket agent’’ has the meaning given that term in section 40102(a) of title 49, United States Code. (B) INCLUSION .—The term ‘‘ticket agent’’ includes a person who acts as an intermediary involved in the sale of air transportation directly or indirectly to consumers, including by operating an electronic airline information system, if the person— (i) holds the person out as a source of information about, or reservations for, the air transportation industry; and (ii) receives compensation in any way related to the sale of air transportation. (2) LARGE TICKET AGENT .—The term ‘‘large ticket agent’’ means a ticket agent with annual revenues of $100,000,000 or more. SEC. 536. FAA DATA TRANSPARENCY. 
Section 45303 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) DATATRANSPARENCY .— ‘‘(1) AIR TRAFFIC SERVICES INITIAL DATA RE PORT .— ‘‘(A) INITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, the Administrator and the Chief Operating Officer of the Air Traffic Organization shall, based upon the most recently available full fiscal year data, complete the following calculations for each segment of air traffic services users: ‘‘(i) The total costs allocable to the use of air traffic services for that segment during such fiscal year. ‘‘(ii) The total revenues received from that segment during such fiscal year. ‘‘(B) VALIDATION OF MODEL .— ‘‘(i) REVIEW AND DETERMINATION .—Not later than 3 months after completion of the initial report required under subparagraph (A), the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall review and determine the validity of the model used by the Administrator and the Chief Operating Officer to complete the calculations required under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) VALIDATION PROCESS .—In the event that the Inspector General determines that the model used by the Administrator and the Chief Operating Officer to complete the calculations required by subparagraph (A) is not valid— ‘‘(I) the Inspector General shall provide the Administrator and Chief Operating Officer recommendations on how to revise the model; ‘‘(II) the Administrator and the Chief Operating Officer shall complete the calculations required by subparagraph (A) utilizing the revised model and resubmit the revised initial report required under subparagraph (A) to the Inspector General; and ‘‘(III) not later than 3 months after completion of the revised initial report required under subparagraph (A), the Inspector General shall review and determine the validity of the revised model used by the Administrator and the Chief Operating Officer to complete the calculations required by subparagraph (A). ‘‘(iii) ACCESS TO DATA .—The Administrator and the Chief Operating Officer shall provide the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation with unfettered access to all data produced by the cost accounting system operated and maintained pursuant to subsection (e). ‘‘(C) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days after completion of the review and receiving a determination that the model used is valid under subparagraph (B), the Administrator and the Chief Operating Officer shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report describing the results of the calculations completed under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(D) PUBLICATION .—Not later than 60 days after submission of the report required under subparagraph (C), the Administrator and Chief Operating Officer shall publish the initial report, including any revision thereto if required as a result of the validation process for the model. ‘‘(2) AIR TRAFFIC SERVICES BIENNIAL DATA  
‘‘(A) B IENNIAL DATA REPORTING .—Not later than March 31, 2019, and biennially thereafter for 8 years, the Administrator and the Chief Operating Officer shall, using the validated model, complete the following calculations for each segment of air traffic services users for the most recent full fiscal year: ‘‘(i) The total costs allocable to the use of the air traffic services for that segment. ‘‘(ii) The total revenues received from that segment. ‘‘(B) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 15 days after completing the calculations under subparagraph (A), the Administrator and the Chief Operating Officer shall complete and submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report containing the results of such calculations. ‘‘(C) PUBLICATION .—Not later than 60 days after completing the calculations pursuant to subparagraph (A), the Administrator and the Chief Operating Officer shall publish the results of such calculations. ‘‘(3) SEGMENTS OF AIR TRAFFIC SERVICES  
USERS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of this subsection, each of the following shall constitute a separate segment of air traffic services users: ‘‘(i) Passenger air carriers conducting operations under part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(ii) Allcargo air carriers conducting operations under part 121 of such title. ‘‘(iii) Operators covered by part 125 of such title. ‘‘(iv) Air carriers and operators of piston engine aircraft operating under part 135 of such title. ‘‘(v) Air carriers and operators of turbine engine aircraft operating under part 135 of such title. ‘‘(vi) Foreign air carriers providing passenger air transportation. ‘‘(vii) Foreign air carriers providing all cargo air transportation. ‘‘(viii) Operators of turbineengine aircraft operating under part 91 of such title, excluding those operating under subpart (K) of such part. ‘‘(ix) Operators of pistonengine aircraft operating under part 91 of such title, excluding those operating under subpart (K) of such part. ‘‘(x) Operators covered by subpart (K) of part 91 of such title. ‘‘(xi) Operators covered by part 133 of such title. ‘‘(xii) Operators covered by part 136 of such title. ‘‘(xiii) Operators covered by part 137 of such title. ‘‘(xiv) Operators of public aircraft that qualify under section 40125. ‘‘(xv) Operators of aircraft that neither take off from, nor land in, the United States. ‘‘(B) ADDITIONAL SEGMENTS .—The Secretary may identify and include additional segments of air traffic users under paragraph (A) as revenue and air traffic services cost data becomes available for that additional segment of air traffic services users. ‘‘(4) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection: ‘‘(A) AIR TRAFFIC SERVICES .—The term ‘air traffic services’ means services— ‘‘(i) used for the monitoring, directing, control, and guidance of aircraft or flows of aircraft and for the safe conduct of flight, including communications, navigation, and surveillance services and provision of aeronautical information; and ‘‘(ii) provided directly, or contracted for, by the Federal Aviation Administration. ‘‘(B) AIR TRAFFIC SERVICES USER .—The term ‘air traffic services user’ means any individual or entity using air traffic services provided directly, or contracted for, by the Federal Aviation Administration within United States airspace or international airspace delegated to the United States.’’. 
Section 40110(d) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) ANNUAL REPORT ON THE PURCHASE OF  
FOREIGN MANUFACTURED ARTICLES .— ‘‘(A) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the end of the fiscal year, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit a report to Congress on the dollar amount of the acquisitions made by the agency from entities that manufacture the articles, materials, or supplies outside of the United States in such fiscal year. ‘‘(B) CONTENTS .—The report required by subparagraph (A) shall separately indicate— ‘‘(i) the dollar value of any articles, materials, or supplies purchased that were manufactured outside of the United States; and ‘‘(ii) a summary of the total procurement funds spent on goods manufactured in the United States versus funds spent on goods manufactured outside of the United States. ‘‘(C) AVAILABILITY OF REPORT .—The Sec retary shall make the report under subparagraph (A) publicly available on the agency’s website not later than 30 days after submission to Congress.’’. 
(a) P ASSENGER FACILITY CHARGE ELIGIBILITY .—Section 40117(a)(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) A project for— ‘‘(i) converting or retrofitting vehicles and ground support equipment into eligible zero emission vehicles and equipment (as defined in section 47102); or ‘‘(ii) acquiring, by purchase or lease, eligible zeroemission vehicles and equipment (as defined in section 47102).’’. (b) AIRPORT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ELIGIBILITY .— (1) AIRPORT DEVELOPMENT DEFINED .—Sec tion 47102(3) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(P) converting or retrofitting vehicles and ground support equipment into eligible zero emission vehicles and equipment or acquiring, by purchase or lease, eligible zeroemission vehicles and equipment. ‘‘(Q) constructing or modifying airport facilities to install a microgrid in order to provide increased resilience to severe weather, terrorism, and other causes of grid failures.’’. (2) ADDITIONAL DEFINITIONS .—Section 47102 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(30) ‘eligible zeroemission vehicle and equipment’ means a zeroemission vehicle, equipment related to such a vehicle, and ground support equipment that includes zeroemission technology that is— ‘‘(A) used exclusively at a commercial service airport; or ‘‘(B) used exclusively to transport people or materials to and from a commercial service airport. ‘‘(31) ‘microgrid’ means a localized grouping of electricity sources and loads that normally operates connected to and synchronous with the traditional centralized electrical grid, but can disconnect and function autonomously as physical or economic conditions dictate. ‘‘(32) ‘zeroemission vehicle’ means a zero emission vehicle as defined in section 88.102– 94 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, or a vehicle that produces zero exhaust emissions of any criteria pollutant (or precursor pollutant) under any possible operational modes and conditions.’’. (3) SPECIAL APPORTIONMENT CATEGORIES .— Section 47117(e)(1)(A) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘for airport development described in section 47102(3)(P),’’ after ‘‘under section 47141,’’. (c) ZEROEMISSION PROGRAM .—Chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking section 47136; (2) by redesignating section 47136a as section 47136; and (3) in section 47136, as so redesignated, by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Secretary of Transportation may establish a pilot program under which the sponsors of not less than 10 publicuse airports may use funds made available under this chapter or section 48103 for use at such airports to carry out— ‘‘(1) activities associated with the acquisition, by purchase or lease, and operation of zeroemission vehicles, including removable power sources for such vehicles; and ‘‘(2) the construction or modification of infrastructure to facilitate the delivery of fuel and services necessary for the use of such vehicles. ‘‘(b) ELIGIBILITY .—A publicuse airport is eligible for participation in the program if the vehicles or ground support equipment are— ‘‘(1) used exclusively at the airport; or ‘‘(2) used exclusively to transport people or materials to and from the airport.’’; (4) in section 47136, as so redesignated, by striking subsections (d) and (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) FEDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of a project carried out under the program shall be the Federal share specified in section 47109. ‘‘(e) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The sponsor of a public use airport may use not more than 10 percent of the amounts made available to the sponsor under the program in any fiscal year for— ‘‘(A) technical assistance; and ‘‘(B) project management support to assist the airport with the solicitation, acquisition, and deployment of zeroemission vehicles, related equipment, and supporting infrastructure. ‘‘(2) PROVIDERS OF TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— To receive the technical assistance or project management support described in paragraph (1), participants in the program may use— ‘‘(A) a nonprofit organization selected by the Secretary; or ‘‘(B) a university transportation center receiving grants under section 5505 in the region of the airport.’’; (5) in section 47136, as so redesignated, in subsection (f) by striking ‘‘section 47136’’ and inserting ‘‘the inherently low emission airport vehicle pilot program’’; and (6) in section 47136, as so redesignated, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) ALLOWABLE PROJECT COST.—The al lowable project cost for the acquisition of a zeroemission vehicle shall be the total cost of purchasing or leasing the vehicle, including the cost of technical assistance or project management support described in subsection (e). ‘‘(h) FLEXIBLE PROCUREMENT .—A sponsor of a publicuse airport may use funds made available under the program to acquire, by 
purchase or lease, a zeroemission vehicle and a removable power source in separate transactions, including transactions by which the airport purchases the vehicle and leases the removable power source. ‘‘(i) TESTING REQUIRED .—A sponsor of a publicuse airport may not use funds made available under the program to acquire a zeroemission vehicle unless that make, model, or type of vehicle has been tested by a Federal vehicle testing facility acceptable to the Secretary. ‘‘(j) REMOVABLE POWER SOURCE DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘removable power source’ means a power source that is separately installed in, and removable from, a zeroemission vehicle and may include a battery, a fuel cell, an ultracapacitor, or other advanced power source used in a zeroemission vehicle.’’. (d) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relating to sections 47136 and 47136a and inserting the following: ‘‘47136. Zeroemission airport vehicles and infrastructure.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each air carrier operating under part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (in this section referred to as a ‘‘part 121 air carrier’’), shall submit to the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration for review and acceptance an Employee Assault Prevention and Response Plan related to the customer service agents of the air carrier and that is developed in consultation with the labor union representing such agents. (b) CONTENTS OF PLAN.—An Employee Assault Prevention and Response Plan submitted under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Reporting protocols for air carrier customer service agents who have been the victim of a verbal or physical assault. (2) Protocols for the immediate notification of law enforcement after an incident of verbal or physical assault committed against an air carrier customer service agent. (3) Protocols for informing Federal law enforcement with respect to violations of section 46503 of title 49, United States Code. (4) Protocols for ensuring that a passenger involved in a violent incident with a customer service agent of an air carrier is not allowed to move through airport security or board an aircraft until appropriate law enforcement has had an opportunity to assess the incident and take appropriate action. (5) Protocols for air carriers to inform passengers of Federal laws protecting Federal, airport, and air carrier employees who have security duties within an airport. (c) EMPLOYEE TRAINING .—A part 121 air carrier shall conduct initial and recurrent training for all employees, including management, of the air carrier with respect to the plan required under subsection (a), which shall include training on deescalating hostile situations, written protocols on dealing with hostile situations, and the reporting of relevant incidents. 
SEC. 540. STUDY ON TRAINING OF CUSTOMER FACING AIR CARRIER EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall conduct a study on the training received by customer facing employees of air carriers. (b) CONTENTS .—The study shall include— (1) an analysis of the training received by customerfacing employees with respect to the management of disputes on aircraft; and (2) an examination of how institutions of higher learning, in coordination with air carriers, customerfacing employees and their representatives, consumer advocacy organizations, and other stakeholders, could— (A) review such training and related practices; (B) produce recommendations; and (C) if determined appropriate, provide supplemental training. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and after providing notice and an opportunity for comment, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall issue regulations that establish minimum dimensions for passenger seats on aircraft operated by air carriers in interstate air transportation or intrastate air transportation, including minimums for seat pitch, width, and length, and that are necessary for the safety and health of passengers. (b) DEFINITIONS .—The definitions contained in section 40102(a) of title 49, United States Code, apply to this section. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study that examines the ground transportation options at the Nation’s 10 busiest airports in order to— (1) understand the impact of new and emerging transportation options for travelers to get into and out of airports; (2) determine whether it is appropriate to use airport improvement funds and revenues from passenger facility charges to address traffic congestion and passenger travel times between urban commercial centers and airports; and (3) review guidelines and requirements for airport improvement funds and passenger facility charges to determine under what conditions such funds may be used to address traffic congestion in urban commercial centers for travel to airports. TITLE VI—DISASTER RECOVERY REFORM ACT 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, the amendments in this title to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) apply to each major disaster and emergency declared by the President on or after August 1, 2017, under such Act. 
In this title, the term ‘‘State’’ has the meaning given that term in section 102(4) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122(4)). 
(a) M ITIGATION ASSISTANCE .—Section 420 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5187) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (e); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the following: ‘‘(d) HAZARD MITIGATION ASSISTANCE .— Whether or not a major disaster is declared, the President may provide hazard mitigation assistance in accordance with section 404 in any area affected by a fire for which assistance was provided under this section.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 404(a) (42 U.S.C. 5170c(a)) (as amended by section 636(a) of this Act)— (A) by inserting before the first period ‘‘, or any area affected by a fire for which assistance was provided under section 420’’; and (B) in the third sentence by inserting ‘‘or event under section 420’’ after ‘‘major disaster’’ each place it appears; and (2) in section 322(e)(1) (42 U.S.C. 5165(e)(1)), by inserting ‘‘or event under section 420’’ after ‘‘major disaster’’ each place it appears. (c) REPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Appropriations Committees of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report containing a summary of any projects carried out, and any funding provided to those projects, under subsection (d) of section 420 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5187) (as amended by this section). 
Section 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) USE OF ASSISTANCE .—Recipients of hazard mitigation assistance provided under this section and section 203 may use the assistance to conduct activities to help reduce the risk of future damage, hardship, loss, or suffering in any area affected by a wildfire or windstorm, including— ‘‘(1) reseeding ground cover with quick growing or native species; ‘‘(2) mulching with straw or chipped wood; ‘‘(3) constructing straw, rock, or log dams in small tributaries to prevent flooding; ‘‘(4) placing logs and other erosion barriers to catch sediment on hill slopes; ‘‘(5) installing debris traps to modify road and trail drainage mechanisms; ‘‘(6) modifying or removing culverts to allow drainage to flow freely; ‘‘(7) adding drainage dips and constructing emergency spillways to keep roads and bridges from washing out during floods; ‘‘(8) planting grass to prevent the spread of noxious weeds; ‘‘(9) installing warning signs; ‘‘(10) establishing defensible space measures; ‘‘(11) reducing hazardous fuels; and ‘‘(12) windstorm damage, including replacing or installing electrical transmission or distribution utility pole structures with poles that are resilient to extreme wind and combined ice and wind loadings for the basic wind speeds and ice conditions associated with the relevant location.’’. 
Section 406(a)(2) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5172(a)(2)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (B); (2) by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (C) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) base and overtime wages for extra hires to facilitate the implementation and enforcement of adopted building codes for a period of not more than 180 days after the major disaster is declared.’’. 
(a) H AZARD MITIGATION .—Section 406(c) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5172(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘90 percent of’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘75 percent of’’. (b) PARTICIPATION .—Section 428(d) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 5189f) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘Participation in’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) NO CONDITIONS .—The President may not condition the provision of Federal assistance under this Act on the election by a State, Tribal, or local government, or owner or operator of a private nonprofit facility to participate in the alternative procedures adopted under this section.’’. (c) CERTIFICATION .—Section 428(e)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 5189f(e)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (F), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) once certified by a professionally licensed engineer and accepted by the Administrator, the estimates on which grants made pursuant to this section are based shall be presumed to be reasonable and eligible costs, as long as there is no evidence of fraud.’’. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall provide guidance and training on an annual basis to State, Tribal, and local governments, first responders, and utility companies on— (1) the need to prioritize assistance to hospitals, nursing homes, and other longterm care facilities to ensure that such health care facilities remain functioning or return to functioning as soon as practicable during power outages caused by natural hazards, including severe weather events; and (2) how hospitals, nursing homes and other longterm care facilities should adequately prepare for power outages during a major disaster or emergency. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) IDENTIFICATION .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, in coordination with the Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration, shall develop and issue guidance for State, local, and Tribal governments regarding the identification of evacuation routes. (2) GUIDANCE .—The Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration, in coordination with the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, shall revise existing guidance or issue new guidance as appropriate for State, local, and Tribal governments regarding the design, construction, maintenance, and repair of evacuation routes. (b) CONSIDERATIONS .— (1) IDENTIFICATION .—In developing the guidance under subsection (a)(1), the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall consider— (A) whether evacuation routes have resisted impacts and recovered quickly from disasters, regardless of cause; (B) the need to evacuate special needs populations, including— (i) individuals with a physical or mental disability; (ii) individuals in schools, daycare centers, mobile home parks, prisons, nursing homes and other longterm care facilities, and detention centers; (iii) individuals with limitedEnglish proficiency; (iv) the elderly; and (v) individuals who are tourists, seasonal workers, or homeless; (C) the sharing of information and other public communications with evacuees during evacuations; (D) the sheltering of evacuees, including the care, protection, and sheltering of animals; (E) the return of evacuees to their homes; and (F) such other items the Administrator considers appropriate. (2) DESIGN , CONSTRUCTION , MAINTENANCE , 
AND REPAIR .—In revising or issuing guidance under (a)(2), the Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration shall consider— (A) methods that assist evacuation routes to— (i) withstand likely risks to viability, including flammability and hydrostatic forces; (ii) improve durability, strength (including the ability to withstand tensile stresses and compressive stresses), and sustainability; and (iii) provide for longterm cost savings; (B) the ability of evacuation routes to effectively manage contraflow operations; (C) for evacuation routes on public lands, the viewpoints of the applicable Federal land management agency regarding emergency operations, sustainability, and resource protection; and (D) such other items the Administrator considers appropriate. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 312(b) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5155(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) WAIVER OF GENERAL PROHIBITION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The President may waive the general prohibition provided in subsection (a) upon request of a Governor on behalf of the State or on behalf of a person, business concern, or any other entity suffering losses as a result of a major disaster or emergency, if the President finds such waiver is in the public interest and will not result in waste, fraud, or abuse. In making this decision, the President may consider the following: ‘‘(i) The recommendations of the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency made in consultation with the Federal agency or agencies administering the duplicative program. ‘‘(ii) If a waiver is granted, the assistance to be funded is cost effective. ‘‘(iii) Equity and good conscience. ‘‘(iv) Other matters of public policy considered appropriate by the President. ‘‘(B) GRANT OR DENIAL OF WAIVER .—A re quest under subparagraph (A) shall be granted or denied not later than 45 days after submission of such request. ‘‘(C) PROHIBITION ON DETERMINATION THAT  
LOAN IS A DUPLICATION .—Notwithstanding subsection (c), in carrying out subparagraph (A), the President may not determine that a loan is a duplication of assistance, provided that all Federal assistance is used toward a loss suffered as a result of the major disaster or emergency.’’. (b) FUNDING OF A FEDERALLY AUTHORIZED  WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT PROJECT .— (1) ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—Notwithstanding section 312 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5155) and its implementing regulations, assistance provided pursuant to section 404 of such Act may be used to fund activities authorized for construction within the scope of a federally authorized water resources development project of the Army Corps of Engineers if such activities are also eligible activities under such section. (2) FEDERAL FUNDING .—All Federal funding provided under section 404 pursuant to this section shall be applied toward the Federal share of such project. (3) NONFEDERAL MATCH .—All nonFederal matching funds required under section 404 pursuant to this section shall be applied toward the nonFederal share of such project. (4) TOTAL FEDERAL SHARE .—Funding provided under section 404 pursuant to this section may not exceed the total Federal share for such project. (5) NO EFFECT .—Nothing in this section shall— (A) affect the costshare requirement of a hazard mitigation measure under section 404; (B) affect the eligibility criteria for a hazard mitigation measure under section 404; (C) affect the cost share requirements of a federally authorized water resources development project; and (D) affect the responsibilities of a nonFederal interest with respect to the project, including those related to the provision of lands, easements, rightsofway, dredge material disposal areas, and necessary relocations. (c) APPLICABILITY .—This section shall apply to each disaster and emergency declared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) after January 1, 2016. 
SEC. 610. STATE ADMINISTRATION OF ASSISTANCE FOR DIRECT TEMPORARY HOUSING AND PERMANENT HOUSING CONSTRUCTION. 
Section 408(f) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5174(f)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking the paragraph heading and inserting ‘‘STATE  OR 
NEEDS ASSISTANCE .—’’; (2) in paragraph (1)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘financial’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (c)(1)(B), (c)(4), and (e) if the President and the State or Tribal government comply, as determined by the Administrator, with paragraph (3)’’; (3) in paragraph (1)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘financial’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (c)(1)(B), (c)(4), and (e)’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) IN GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) APPLICATION .—A State or Tribal government desiring to provide assistance under subsection (c)(1)(B), (c)(4), or (e) shall submit to the President an application for a grant to provide financial assistance under the program. ‘‘(B) CRITERIA .—The President, in consultation and coordination with State, Tribal, and local governments, shall establish criteria for the approval of applications submitted under subparagraph (A). The criteria shall include, at a minimum— ‘‘(i) the demonstrated ability of the State or Tribal government to manage the program under this section; ‘‘(ii) there being in effect a plan approved by the President as to how the State or Tribal government will comply with applicable Federal laws and regulations and how the State or Tribal government will provide assistance under its plan; ‘‘(iii) a requirement that the State, Tribal, or local government comply with rules and regulations established pursuant to subsection (j); and 
‘‘(iv) a requirement that the President, or the designee of the President, comply with subsection (i). ‘‘(C) QUALITY ASSURANCE .—Before approving an application submitted under this section, the President, or the designee of the President, shall institute adequate policies, procedures, and internal controls to prevent waste, fraud, abuse, and program mismanagement for this program and for programs under subsections (c)(1)(B), (c)(4), and (e). The President shall monitor and conduct quality assurance activities on a State or Tribal government’s implementation of programs under subsections (c)(1)(B), (c)(4), and (e). If, after approving an application of a State or Tribal government submitted under this section, the President determines that the State or Tribal government is not administering the program established by this section in a manner satisfactory to the President, the President shall withdraw the approval. ‘‘(D) AUDITS .—The Office of the inspector general shall provide for periodic audits of the programs administered by States and Tribal governments under this subsection. ‘‘(E) APPLICABLE LAWS .—All Federal laws applicable to the management, administration, or contracting of the programs by the Federal Emergency Management Agency under this section shall be applicable to the management, administration, or contracting by a nonFederal entity under this section. ‘‘(F) REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the inspector general of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit a report to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives on the State or Tribal government’s role to provide assistance under this section. The report shall contain an assessment of the effectiveness of the State or Tribal government’s role to provide assistance under this section, including— ‘‘(i) whether the State or Tribal government’s role helped to improve the general speed of disaster recovery; ‘‘(ii) whether the State or Tribal government providing assistance under this section had the capacity to administer this section; and ‘‘(iii) recommendations for changes to improve the program if the State or Tribal government’s role to administer the programs should be continued. ‘‘(G) PROHIBITION .—The President may not condition the provision of Federal assistance under this Act by a State or Tribal government requesting a grant under this section. ‘‘(H) MISCELLANEOUS .— ‘‘(i) NOTICE AND COMMENT .—The Administrator may waive notice and comment rulemaking, if the Administrator determines doing so is necessary to expeditiously implement this section, and may carry out this section as a pilot program until such regulations are promulgated. ‘‘(ii) FINAL RULE .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Administrator shall issue final regulations to implement this subsection as amended by the Disaster Recovery Reform Act. ‘‘(iii) WAIVER AND EXPIRATION .—The au thority under clause (i) and any pilot program implemented pursuant to such clause shall expire 2 years after the date of enactment of this paragraph or upon issuance of final regulations pursuant to clause (ii), whichever occurs sooner.’’. SEC. 611. ASSISTANCE TO INDIVIDUALS AND HOUSEHOLDS. 
Section 408(h) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5174(h)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, excluding financial assistance to rent alternate housing accommodations under subsection (c)(1)(A)(i) and financial assistance to address other needs under subsection (e)’’ after ‘‘disaster’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (3); (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following: ‘‘(2) OTHER NEEDS ASSISTANCE .—The maximum financial assistance any individual or household may receive under subsection (e) shall be equivalent to the amount set forth in paragraph (1) with respect to a single major disaster.’’; (4) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (2)’’; and (5) by inserting after paragraph (3) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(4) EXCLUSION OF NECESSARY EXPENSES FOR  
INDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES .— ‘‘(A) The maximum amount of assistance established under paragraph (1) shall exclude expenses to repair or replace damaged accessibilityrelated improvements under paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) of subsection (c) for individuals with disabilities. ‘‘(B) The maximum amount of assistance established under paragraph (2) shall exclude expenses to repair or replace accessibilityrelated personal property under subsection (e)(2) for individuals with disabilities.’’. 
FOR TEMPORARY HOUSING .—Section 408(c)(1)(B)(ii)(II) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5174(c)(1)(B)(ii)(II)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(II) IMPROVEMENTS OR REPAIRS .—Under the terms of any lease agreement for property entered into under this subsection, the value of the improvements or repairs shall be deducted from the value of the lease agreement.’’. (b) RENTAL PROPERTIES IMPACTED .—Sec tion 408(c)(1)(B)(ii)(I)(aa) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5174(c)(1)(B)(ii)(I)(aa)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(aa) enter into lease agreements with owners of multifamily rental property impacted by a major disaster or located in areas covered by a major disaster declaration to house individuals and households eligible for assistance under this section; and’’. (c) INSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the inspector general of the Department of Homeland Security shall assess the use of the authority provided under section 408(c)(1)(B) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5174(c)(1)(B)), including the adequacy of any benefitcost analysis done to justify the use of this alternative, and submit a report on the results of that review to the appropriate committees of Congress. 
Section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122) is amended in paragraph (11)(B) by inserting ‘‘food banks,’’ after ‘‘shelter workshops,’’. 
Section 324 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5165b) is amended— (1) in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘any administrative expense, and any other expense not directly chargeable to’’ and inserting ‘‘direct administrative cost, and any other administrative expense associated with’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding’’; (B) by striking ‘‘establish’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘implement’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) SPECIFIC MANAGEMENT COSTS .—The Ad ministrator shall provide the following percentage rates, in addition to the eligible project costs, to cover direct and indirect costs of administering the following programs: ‘‘(A) HAZARD MITIGATION .—A grantee under section 404 may be reimbursed not more than 15 percent of the total amount of the grant award under such section of which not more than 10 percent may be used by the grantee and 5 percent by the subgrantee for such costs. ‘‘(B) PUBLIC ASSISTANCE .—A grantee under sections 403, 406, 407, and 502 may be reimbursed not more than 12 percent of the total award amount under such sections, of which not more than 7 percent may be used by the grantee and 5 percent by the subgrantee for such costs.’’. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered assistance’’ means assistance provided— (1) under section 408 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5174); and (2) in relation to a major disaster or emergency declared by the President under section 401 or 501 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170; 42 U.S.C. 5191) on or after October 28, 2012. (b) WAIVER AUTHORITY .—Notwithstanding section 3716(e) of title 31, United States Code, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency— (1) subject to paragraph (2), may waive a debt owed to the United States related to covered assistance provided to an individual or household if— (A) the covered assistance was distributed based on an error by the Federal Emergency Management Agency; (B) there was no fault on behalf of the debtor; and (C) the collection of the debt would be against equity and good conscience; and (2) may not waive a debt under paragraph (1) if the debt involves fraud, the presentation of a false claim, or misrepresentation by the debtor or any party having an interest in the claim. (c) MONITORING OF COVERED ASSISTANCE  DISTRIBUTED BASED ON ERROR .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The inspector general of the Department of Homeland Security shall monitor the distribution of covered assistance to individuals and households to determine the percentage of such assistance distributed based on an error. (2) REMOVAL OF WAIVER AUTHORITY BASED  
ON EXCESSIVE ERROR RATE .—If the inspector general determines, with respect to any 12 month period, that the amount of covered assistance distributed based on an error by the Federal Emergency Management Agency exceeds 4 percent of the total amount of covered assistance distributed— (A) the inspector general shall notify the Administrator and publish the determination in the Federal Register; and (B) with respect to any major disaster or emergency declared by the President under section 401 or section 501, respectively, of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170; 42 
U.S.C. 5191) after the date on which the determination is published under subparagraph (A), the authority of the Administrator to waive debt under subsection (b) shall no longer be effective. 
(a) D ISASTER MITIGATION .—Section 209 of the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3149) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) DISASTER MITIGATION .—In providing assistance pursuant to subsection (c)(2), if appropriate and as applicable, the Secretary may encourage hazard mitigation in assistance provided pursuant to such subsection.’’. (b) EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT ASSISTANCE  COMPACT GRANTS .—Section 661(d) of the PostKatrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 761(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2008’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022’’. (c) EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT PERFORMANCE  GRANTS PROGRAM .—Section 662(f) of the PostKatrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 762(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘the program’’ and all that follows through ‘‘2012’’ and inserting ‘‘the program, for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022’’. (d) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 403(a)(3) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170b(a)(3)) is amended by striking the second subparagraph (J). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency may establish one or more national veterinary emergency teams at accredited colleges of veterinary medicine. (b) RESPONSIBILITIES .—A national veterinary emergency team shall— (1) deploy with a team of the National Urban Search and Rescue Response System to assist with— (A) veterinary care of canine search teams; (B) locating and treating companion animals, service animals, livestock, and other animals; and (C) surveillance and treatment of zoonotic diseases; (2) recruit, train, and certify veterinary professionals, including veterinary students, in accordance with an established set of plans and standard operating guidelines to carry out the duties associated with planning for and responding to emergencies as described in paragraph (1); (3) assist State, Tribal, and local governments and nonprofit organizations in developing emergency management and evacuation plans that account for the care and rescue of animals and in improving local readiness for providing veterinary medical response during a disaster; and (4) coordinate with the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Agriculture, State, Tribal, and local governments (including departments of animal and human health), veterinary and health care professionals, and volunteers. 
Section 1105(c) of the Sandy Recovery Improvement Act of 2013 (42 U.S.C. 5189a note) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’. 
SEC. 619. UNIFIED FEDERAL ENVIRONMENTAL AND HISTORIC PRESERVATION REVIEW. 
(a) R EVIEW AND ANALYSIS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall review the Unified Federal Environmental and Historic Preservation review process established pursuant to section 429 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5189g), and submit a report to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate that includes the following: (1) An analysis of whether and how the unified process has expedited the interagency review process to ensure compliance with the environmental and historic requirements under Federal law relating to disaster recovery projects. (2) A survey and analysis of categorical exclusions used by other Federal agencies that may be applicable to any activity related to a Presidentially declared major disaster or emergency under such Act. (3) Recommendations on any further actions, including any legislative proposals, needed to expedite and streamline the review process. (b) REGULATIONS .—After completing the review, survey, and analyses under subsection (a), but not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and after providing notice and opportunity for public comment, the Administrator shall issue regulations to implement any regulatory recommendations, including any categorical exclusions identified under subsection (a), to the extent that the categorical exclusions meet the criteria for a categorical exclusion under section 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, and section II of DHS Instruction Manual 023–01–001–01. 
(a) F ACILITATING CLOSEOUT .—Section 705 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5205) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) FACILITATING CLOSEOUT .— ‘‘(1) INCENTIVES .—The Administrator may develop incentives and penalties that encourage State, Tribal, or local governments to close out expenditures and activities on a timely basis related to disaster or emergency assistance. ‘‘(2) AGENCY REQUIREMENTS .—The Agency shall, consistent with applicable regulations and required procedures, meet its responsibilities to improve closeout practices and reduce the time to close disaster program awards.’’. (b) REGULATIONS .—The Administrator shall issue regulations to implement this section. 
Section 306 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5149) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency is authorized to appoint temporary personnel, after serving continuously for 3 years, to positions in the Agency in the same manner that competitive service employees with competitive status are considered for transfer, reassignment, or promotion to such positions. An individual appointed under this subsection shall become a careerconditional employee, unless the employee has already completed the service requirements for career tenure.’’. 
SEC. 622. STUDY TO STREAMLINE AND CONSOLIDATE INFORMATION COLLECTION. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall— (1) in coordination with the Small Business Administration, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and other appropriate agencies, conduct a study and develop a plan, consistent with law, under which the collection of information from disaster assistance applicants and grantees will be modified, streamlined, expedited, efficient, flexible, consolidated, and simplified to be less burdensome, duplicative, and time consuming for applicants and grantees; (2) in coordination with the Small Business Administration, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and other appropriate agencies, develop a plan for the regular collection and reporting of information on Federal disaster assistance awarded, including the establishment and maintenance of a website for presenting the information to the public; and (3) submit the plans to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate. SEC. 623. AGENCY ACCOUNTABILITY. 
Title IV of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(a) P UBLIC ASSISTANCE .—Not later than 5 days after an award of a public assistance grant is made under section 406 that is in excess of $1,000,000, the Administrator shall publish on the Agency’s website the specifics of each such grant award, including— ‘‘(1) identifying the Federal Emergency Management Agency Region; ‘‘(2) the disaster or emergency declaration number; ‘‘(3) the State, county, and applicant name; ‘‘(4) if the applicant is a private nonprofit organization; ‘‘(5) the damage category code; ‘‘(6) the amount of the Federal share obligated; and ‘‘(7) the date of the award. ‘‘(b) MISSION ASSIGNMENTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 5 days after the issuance of a mission assignment or mission assignment task order, the Administrator shall publish on the Agency’s website any mission assignment or mission assignment task order to another Federal department or agency regarding a major disaster in excess of $1,000,000, including— ‘‘(A) the name of the impacted State or Tribe; ‘‘(B) the disaster declaration for such State or Tribe; ‘‘(C) the assigned agency; ‘‘(D) the assistance requested; ‘‘(E) a description of the disaster; ‘‘(F) the total cost estimate; ‘‘(G) the amount obligated; ‘‘(H) the State or Tribal cost share, if applicable; ‘‘(I) the authority under which the mission assignment or mission assignment task order was directed; and ‘‘(J) if applicable, the date a State or Tribe requested the mission assignment. ‘‘(2) RECORDING CHANGES .—Not later than 10 days after the last day of each month until a mission assignment or mission assignment task order described in paragraph (1) is completed and closed out, the Administrator shall update any changes to the total cost estimate and the amount obligated. ‘‘(c) DISASTER RELIEF MONTHLY REPORT .— Not later than 10 days after the first day of each month, the Administrator shall publish on the Agency’s website reports, including a specific description of the methodology and the source data used in developing such reports, including— ‘‘(1) an estimate of the amounts for the fiscal year covered by the President’s most recent budget pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, including— ‘‘(A) the unobligated balance of funds to be carried over from the prior fiscal year to the budget year; 
‘‘(B) the unobligated balance of funds to be carried over from the budget year to the budget year plus 1; ‘‘(C) the amount of obligations for noncatastrophic events for the budget year; ‘‘(D) the amount of obligations for the budget year for catastrophic events delineated by event and by State; ‘‘(E) the total amount that has been previously obligated or will be required for catastrophic events delineated by event and by State for all prior years, the current fiscal year, the budget year, and each fiscal year thereafter; ‘‘(F) the amount of previously obligated funds that will be recovered for the budget year; ‘‘(G) the amount that will be required for obligations for emergencies, as described in section 102(1), major disasters, as described in section 102(2), fire management assistance grants, as described in section 420, surge activities, and disaster readiness and support activities; and ‘‘(H) the amount required for activities not covered under section 251(b)(2)(D)(iii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(D)(iii)); and ‘‘(2) an estimate or actual amounts, if available, of the following for the current fiscal year shall be submitted not later than the fifth day of each month, published by the Administrator on the Agency’s website not later than the fifth day of each month: ‘‘(A) A summary of the amount of appropriations made available by source, the transfers executed, the previously allocated funds recovered, and the commitments, allocations, and obligations made. ‘‘(B) A table of disaster relief activity delineated by month, including— ‘‘(i) the beginning and ending balances; ‘‘(ii) the total obligations to include amounts obligated for fire assistance, emergencies, surge, and disaster support activities; ‘‘(iii) the obligations for catastrophic events delineated by event and by State; and ‘‘(iv) the amount of previously obligated funds that are recovered. ‘‘(C) A summary of allocations, obligations, and expenditures for catastrophic events delineated by event. ‘‘(D) The cost of the following categories of spending: ‘‘(i) Public assistance. ‘‘(ii) Individual assistance. ‘‘(iii) Mitigation. ‘‘(iv) Administrative. ‘‘(v) Operations. ‘‘(vi) Any other relevant category (including emergency measures and disaster resources) delineated by disaster. ‘‘(E) The date on which funds appropriated will be exhausted. ‘‘(d) CONTRACTS .— ‘‘(1) INFORMATION .—Not later than 10 days after the first day of each month, the Administrator shall publish on the Agency’s website the specifics of each contract in excess of $1,000,000 that the Agency enters into, including— ‘‘(A) the name of the party; ‘‘(B) the date the contract was awarded; ‘‘(C) the amount and scope of the contract; ‘‘(D) if the contract was awarded through competitive bidding process; ‘‘(E) if no competitive bidding process was used, the reason why competitive bidding was not used; and ‘‘(F) the authority used to bypass the competitive bidding process. The information shall be delineated by disaster, if applicable, and specify the damage category code, if applicable. ‘‘(2) REPORT .—Not later than 10 days after the last day of the fiscal year, the Administrator shall provide a report to the appropriate committees of Congress summarizing the following information for the preceding fiscal year: ‘‘(A) The number of contracts awarded without competitive bidding. ‘‘(B) The reasons why a competitive bidding process was not used. ‘‘(C) The total amount of contracts awarded with no competitive bidding. ‘‘(D) The damage category codes, if applicable, for contracts awarded without competitive bidding.’’. SEC. 624. AUDIT OF CONTRACTS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall not reimburse a State, Tribe, or local government or the owner or operator of a private nonprofit facility for any activities made pursuant to a contract entered into after August 1, 2017, that prohibits the Administrator or the Comptroller General of the United States from auditing or otherwise reviewing all aspects relating to the contract. 
SEC. 625. INSPECTOR GENERAL AUDIT OF FEMA CONTRACTS FOR TARPS AND PLASTIC SHEETING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the inspector general of the Department of Homeland Security shall initiate an audit of the contracts awarded by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (in this section referred to as ‘‘FEMA’’) for tarps and plastic sheeting for the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands in response to Hurricane Irma and Hurricane Maria. (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the audit under subsection (a), the inspector general shall review— (1) the contracting process used by FEMA to evaluate offerors and award the relevant contracts to contractors; (2) FEMA’s assessment of the past performance of the contractors, including any historical information showing that the contractors had supported largescale delivery quantities in the past; (3) FEMA’s assessment of the capacity of the contractors to carry out the relevant contracts, including with respect to inventory, production, and financial capabilities; (4) how FEMA ensured that the contractors met the terms of the relevant contracts; and (5) whether the failure of the contractors to meet the terms of the relevant contracts and FEMA’s subsequent cancellation of the relevant contracts affected the provision of tarps and plastic sheeting to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of initiation of the audit under subsection (a), the inspector general shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the results of the audit, including findings and recommendations. 
Section 309 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5152) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘and other relief or’’ and inserting ‘‘longterm recovery groups, domestic hunger relief, and other relief, or’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘and other relief or’’ and inserting ‘‘longterm recovery groups, domestic hunger relief, and other relief, or’’. 
The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, in coordination with the Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration, shall develop and issue guidance for State, local, and Tribal governments regarding repair, restoration, and replacement of inundated and submerged roads damaged or destroyed by a major disaster, and for associated expenses incurred by the Government, with respect to roads eligible for assistance under section 406 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5172). SEC. 628. AUTHORITIES. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the nonfederally funded actions of private parties and State, local, or Tribal governments, on State, local, Tribal, and private land, and the effects of those actions, shall not be attributed to the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s actions under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4002 et seq.), the BiggertWaters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (subtitle A of title II of division F of Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 916), and the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–89; 128 Stat. 1020) for the purposes of section 7 (16 U.S.C. 1536) and section 9 (16 U.S.C. 1538) of the Endangered Species Act. Actions taken under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, the BiggertWaters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012, and the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014, that may influence private actions do not create a Federal nexus for the purpose of applying the requirements of section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 3716(e) of title 31, United States Code, and unless there is evidence of civil or criminal fraud, the Federal Emergency Management Agency may not take any action to recoup covered assistance from the recipient of such assistance if the receipt of such assistance occurred on a date that is more than 3 years before the date on which the Federal Emergency Management Agency first provides to the recipient written notification of an intent to recoup. (b) COVERED ASSISTANCE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered assistance’’ means assistance provided— (1) under section 408 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5174); and (2) in relation to a major disaster or emergency declared by the President under section 401 or 501 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 5170; 42 U.S.C. 5191) on or after January 1, 2012. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 705 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5205) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Except’’ and inserting ‘‘Notwithstanding section 3716(e) of title 31, United States Code, and except’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘report for the disaster or emergency’’ and inserting ‘‘report for project completion as certified by the grantee’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘report for the disaster or emergency’’ and inserting ‘‘report for project completion as certified by the grantee’’; and (B) in paragraph (3) by inserting ‘‘for project completion as certified by the grantee’’ after ‘‘final expenditure report’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—With respect to disaster or emergency assistance provided to a State or local government on or after January 1, 2004— 
(A) no administrative action may be taken to recover a payment of such assistance after the date of enactment of this Act if the action is prohibited under section 705(a)(1) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5205(a)(1)), as amended by subsection (a); and (B) any administrative action to recover a payment of such assistance that is pending on such date of enactment shall be terminated if the action is prohibited under section 705(a)(1) of that Act, as amended by subsection (a). (2) LIMITATION .—This section, including the amendments made by this section, may not be construed to invalidate or otherwise affect any administration action completed before the date of enactment of this Act. 
(a) T ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall provide technical assistance to a common interest community that provides essential services of a governmental nature on actions that a common interest community may take in order to be eligible to receive reimbursement from a grantee that receives funds from the Agency for certain activities performed after an event that results in a disaster declaration. (b) RECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall provide to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a legislative proposal on how to provide eligibility for disaster assistance with respect to common areas of condominiums and housing cooperatives. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall issue guidance regarding the acquisition of property for open space as a mitigation measure under section 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c) that includes— (1) a process by which the State hazard mitigation officer appointed for such an acquisition shall, not later than 60 days after the applicant for assistance enters into an agreement with the Administrator regarding the acquisition, provide written notification to each affected unit of local government for such acquisition that includes— (A) the location of the acquisition; (B) the Statelocal assistance agreement for the hazard mitigation grant program; (C) a description of the acquisition; and (D) a copy of the deed restriction; and (2) recommendations for entering into and implementing a memorandum of understanding between units of local government and covered entities that includes provisions to allow an affected unit of local government notified under paragraph (1) to— (A) use and maintain the open space created by such a project, consistent with section 404 (including related regulations, standards, and guidance) and consistent with all adjoining property, subject to the notification of the adjoining property, so long as the cost of the maintenance is borne by the local government; and (B) maintain the open space pursuant to standards exceeding any local government standards defined in the agreement with the Administrator described under paragraph (1). (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section the following definitions apply: (1) AFFECTED UNIT OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT .— The term ‘‘affected unit of local government’’ means any entity covered by the definition of local government in section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122), that has jurisdiction over the property subject to the acquisition described in subsection (a). (2) COVERED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘covered entity’’ means— (A) the grantee or subgrantee receiving assistance for an open space project described in subsection (a); (B) the State in which such project is located; and (C) the applicable Regional Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. 
In making recommendations to the President regarding a major disaster declaration, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall give greater weight and consideration to severe local impact or recent multiple disasters. Further, the Administrator shall make corresponding adjustments to the Agency’s policies and regulations regarding such consideration. Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator shall report to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate on the changes made to regulations and policies and the number of declarations that have been declared based on the new criteria. 
Section 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) USE OF ASSISTANCE .—Recipients of hazard mitigation assistance provided under this section and section 203 may use the assistance to conduct activities to help reduce the risk of future damage, hardship, loss, or suffering in any area affected by earthquake hazards, including— ‘‘(1) improvements to regional seismic networks in support of building a capability for earthquake early warning; ‘‘(2) improvements to geodetic networks in support of building a capability for earthquake early warning; and ‘‘(3) improvements to seismometers, Global Positioning System receivers, and associated infrastructure in support of building a capability for earthquake early warning.’’. 
(a) P REDISASTER HAZARD MITIGATION .—Sec tion 203 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5133) is amended— (1) in subsection (c) by inserting ‘‘Public Infrastructure’’ after ‘‘the National’’; (2) in subsection (e)(1)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (ii); (B) by striking the period at the end of clause (iii) and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) to establish and carry out enforcement activities to implement the latest published editions of relevant consensusbased codes, specifications, and standards that incorporate the latest hazardresistant designs and establish minimum acceptable criteria for the design, construction, and maintenance of residential structures and facilities that may be eligible for assistance under this Act for the purpose of protecting the health, safety, and general welfare of the buildings’ users against disasters.’’; (3) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘for mitigation activities that are cost effective’’ after ‘‘competitive basis’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) REDISTRIBUTION OF UNOBLIGATED  
AMOUNTS .—The President may— ‘‘(A) withdraw amounts of financial assistance made available to a State (including amounts made available to local governments of a State) under this subsection that remain unobligated by the end of the third fiscal year after the fiscal year for which the amounts were allocated; and ‘‘(B) in the fiscal year following a fiscal year in which amounts were withdrawn under subparagraph (A), add the amounts to any other amounts available to be awarded on a competitive basis pursuant to paragraph (1).’’; (4) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (9) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating paragraph (10) as paragraph (12); and (C) by adding after paragraph (9) the following: ‘‘(10) the extent to which the State or local government has facilitated the adoption and enforcement of the latest published editions of relevant consensusbased codes, specifications, and standards that incorporate the latest hazardresistant designs and establish criteria for the design, construction, and maintenance of residential structures and facilities that may be eligible for assistance under this Act for the purpose of protecting the health, safety, and general welfare of the buildings’ users against disasters; ‘‘(11) the extent to which the assistance will fund activities that increase the level of resiliency; and’’; (5) by striking subsection (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) NATIONAL PUBLIC INFRASTRUCTURE  PREDISASTER MITIGATION ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The President may set aside from the Disaster Relief Fund, with respect to each major disaster, an amount equal to 6 percent of the estimated aggregate amount of the grants to be made pursuant to sections 403, 406, 407, 408, 410, and 416 for the major disaster in order to provide technical and financial assistance under this section. ‘‘(2) ESTIMATED AGGREGATE AMOUNT .—Not later than 180 days after each major disaster declaration pursuant to this Act, the estimated aggregate amount of grants for purposes of paragraph (1) shall be determined by the President and such estimated amount need not be reduced, increased, or changed due to variations in estimates. ‘‘(3) NO REDUCTION IN AMOUNTS .—The amount set aside pursuant to paragraph (1) shall not reduce the amounts otherwise made available for sections 403, 404, 406, 407, 408, 410, and 416 under this Act.’’; and (6) by striking subsections (j) and (m) and redesignating subsections (k), (l), and (n) as subsections (j), (k), and (l), respectively. (b) APPLICABILITY .—The amendments made to section 203 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5133) by paragraphs (3) and (5) of subsection (a) shall apply to funds appropriated after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(a) H AZARD MITIGATION CLARIFICATION .— Section 404(a) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c(a)) is amended by striking the first sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘The President may contribute up to 75 percent of the cost of hazard mitigation measures which the President has determined are cost effective and which substantially reduce the risk of, or increase resilience to, future damage, hardship, loss, or 
suffering in any area affected by a major disaster.’’. (b) ELIGIBLE COST.—Section 406(e)(1)(A) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 5172(e)(1)(A)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting after ‘‘section,’’ the following: ‘‘for disasters declared on or after August 1, 2017, or a disaster in which a cost estimate has not yet been finalized for a project,’’; (2) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’; (3) in clause (ii)— (A) by striking ‘‘codes, specifications, and standards’’ and inserting ‘‘the latest published editions of relevant consensusbased codes, specifications, and standards that incorporate the latest hazardresistant designs and establish minimum acceptable criteria for the design, construction, and maintenance of residential structures and facilities that may be eligible for assistance under this Act for the purposes of protecting the health, safety, and general welfare of a facility’s users against disasters’’; (B) by striking ‘‘applicable at the time at which the disaster occurred’’; and (C) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) in a manner that allows the facility to meet the definition of resilient developed pursuant to this subsection.’’. (c) OTHER ELIGIBLE COST.—Section 406(e)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 5172(e)(1)) is further amended by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(C) CONTRIBUTIONS .—Contributions for the eligible cost made under this section may be provided on an actual cost basis or on cost estimation procedures.’’. (d) NEWRULES .—Section 406(e) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 5172(e)) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) NEW RULES .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the President, acting through the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, shall issue a final rulemaking that defines the terms ‘resilient’ and ‘resiliency’ for purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(B) INTERIM GUIDANCE .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Administrator shall issue interim guidance to implement this subsection. Such interim guidance shall expire 18 months after the date of enactment of this paragraph or upon issuance of final regulations pursuant to subparagraph (A), whichever occurs first. ‘‘(C) GUIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Administrator issues the final rulemaking under this paragraph, the Administrator shall issue any necessary guidance related to the rulemaking. ‘‘(D) REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a report summarizing the regulations and guidance issued pursuant to this paragraph.’’. (e) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 205(d)(2) of the Disaster Mitigation Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–390) is amended by inserting ‘‘(B)’’ after ‘‘except that paragraph (1)’’. TITLE VII—FLIGHT R&D ACT Subtitle A—General Provisions 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘FAA Leadership in Groundbreaking HighTech Research and Development Act’’ or the ‘‘FLIGHT R&D Act’’. 
In this title, the following definitions apply: (1) ADMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration. (2) FAA.—The term ‘‘FAA’’ means the Federal Aviation Administration. (3) NASA.—The term ‘‘NASA’’ means the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. (4) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Transportation. 
(a) A UTHORIZATIONS .—Section 48102(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter before paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘and, for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2015, under subsection (g)’’; (2) at the end of paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘and’’; and (3) by striking paragraph (10) and inserting the following: ‘‘(10) for fiscal year 2018, $181,000,000, including— ‘‘(A) $128,500,000 for Safety Research and Development programs, including— ‘‘(i) Fire Research and Safety; ‘‘(ii) Propulsion and Fuel Systems; ‘‘(iii) Advanced Materials/Structural Safety; ‘‘(iv) Aircraft Icing/Digital System Safety; ‘‘(v) Continued Airworthiness; ‘‘(vi) Aircraft Catastrophic Failure Prevention Research; ‘‘(vii) Flightdeck/Maintenance/System Integration Human Factors; ‘‘(viii) System Safety Management; ‘‘(ix) Air Traffic Control/Technical Operations Human Factors; ‘‘(x) Aeromedical Research; ‘‘(xi) Weather Program; ‘‘(xii) Unmanned Aircraft Systems Research; ‘‘(xiii) NextGen–Alternative Fuels for General Aviation; ‘‘(xiv) Joint Planning and Development Office; ‘‘(xv) Ocean and Other Remote Locations ATS Research Program; ‘‘(xvi) Cybersecurity Research Program; ‘‘(xvii) Cybersecurity Threat Modeling Program; ‘‘(xviii) Single Piloted Commercial Cargo Aircraft Program; and ‘‘(xix) UAVManned Aircraft Collision Research Program; ‘‘(B) $26,000,000 for Economic Competitiveness Research and Development programs, including— ‘‘(i) NextGen–Wake Turbulence; ‘‘(ii) NextGen–Air Ground Integration Human Factors; ‘‘(iii) Next Gen–Weather Technology in the Cockpit; and ‘‘(iv) Commercial Space Transportation Safety; ‘‘(C) $20,000,000 for Environmental Sustainability Research and Development programs, including— ‘‘(i) Environment and Energy; and ‘‘(ii) NextGen–Environmental Research– Aircraft Technologies, Fuels and Metrics; and ‘‘(D) $6,500,000 for Mission Support programs, including— ‘‘(i) System Planning and Resource Management; and ‘‘(ii) William J. Hughes Technical Center Laboratory Facility; ‘‘(11) for fiscal year 2019, $186,000,000, including— ‘‘(A) $131,000,000 for Safety Research and Development programs, including— ‘‘(i) Fire Research and Safety; ‘‘(ii) Propulsion and Fuel Systems; ‘‘(iii) Advanced Materials/Structural Safety; ‘‘(iv) Aircraft Icing/Digital System Safety; ‘‘(v) Continued Airworthiness; ‘‘(vi) Aircraft Catastrophic Failure Prevention Research; ‘‘(vii) Flightdeck/Maintenance/System Integration Human Factors; ‘‘(viii) System Safety Management; ‘‘(ix) Air Traffic Control/Technical Operations Human Factors; ‘‘(x) Aeromedical Research; ‘‘(xi) Weather Program; ‘‘(xii) Unmanned Aircraft Systems Research; ‘‘(xiii) NextGen–Alternative Fuels for General Aviation; ‘‘(xiv) Joint Planning and Development Office; ‘‘(xv) Ocean and Other Remote Locations ATS Research Program; ‘‘(xvi) Cybersecurity Research Program; ‘‘(xvii) Cybersecurity Threat Modeling Program; ‘‘(xviii) Single Piloted Commercial Cargo Aircraft Program; and ‘‘(xix) UAVManned Aircraft Collision Research Program; ‘‘(B) $28,000,000 for Economic Competitiveness Research and Development programs, including— ‘‘(i) NextGen–Wake Turbulence; ‘‘(ii) NextGen–Air Ground Integration Human Factors; ‘‘(iii) Next Gen–Weather Technology in the Cockpit; and ‘‘(iv) Commercial Space Transportation Safety; ‘‘(C) $20,000,000 for Environmental Sustainability Research and Development programs, including— ‘‘(i) Environment and Energy; and ‘‘(ii) NextGen–Environmental Research– Aircraft Technologies, Fuels and Metrics; and ‘‘(D) $7,000,000 for Mission Support programs, including— ‘‘(i) System Planning and Resource Management; and ‘‘(ii) William J. Hughes Technical Center Laboratory Facility; ‘‘(12) for fiscal year 2020, $190,000,000, including— ‘‘(A) $133,500,000 for Safety Research and Development programs, including— 
‘‘(i) Fire Research and Safety; ‘‘(ii) Propulsion and Fuel Systems; ‘‘(iii) Advanced Materials/Structural Safety; ‘‘(iv) Aircraft Icing/Digital System Safety; ‘‘(v) Continued Airworthiness; ‘‘(vi) Aircraft Catastrophic Failure Prevention Research; ‘‘(vii) Flightdeck/Maintenance/System Integration Human Factors; ‘‘(viii) System Safety Management; ‘‘(ix) Air Traffic Control/Technical Operations Human Factors; ‘‘(x) Aeromedical Research; ‘‘(xi) Weather Program; ‘‘(xii) Unmanned Aircraft Systems Research; ‘‘(xiii) NextGen–Alternative Fuels for General Aviation; ‘‘(xiv) Joint Planning and Development Office; ‘‘(xv) Ocean and Other Remote Locations ATS Research Program; ‘‘(xvi) Cybersecurity Research Program; ‘‘(xvii) Cybersecurity Threat Modeling Program; ‘‘(xviii) Single Piloted Commercial Cargo Aircraft Program; and ‘‘(xix) UAVManned Aircraft Collision Research Program; ‘‘(B) $29,000,000 for Economic Competitiveness Research and Development programs, including— ‘‘(i) NextGen–Wake Turbulence; ‘‘(ii) NextGen–Air Ground Integration Human Factors; 
‘‘(iii) Next Gen–Weather Technology in the Cockpit; and ‘‘(iv) Commercial Space Transportation Safety; ‘‘(C) $20,000,000 for Environmental Sustainability Research and Development programs, including— ‘‘(i) Environment and Energy; and ‘‘(ii) NextGen–Environmental Research– Aircraft Technologies, Fuels and Metrics; and ‘‘(D) $7,500,000 for Mission Support programs, including— ‘‘(i) System Planning and Resource Management; and ‘‘(ii) William J. Hughes Technical Center Laboratory Facility; ‘‘(13) for fiscal year 2021, $195,000,000; ‘‘(14) for fiscal year 2022, $200,000,000; and ‘‘(15) for fiscal year 2023, $204,000,000.’’. (b) CONTINGENCY FUNDING .—Section 48102(b) of title 49, United States, Code, is amended by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: ‘‘(4) Notwithstanding subsection (a), no funds are authorized for a fiscal year for Environmental Sustainability Research and Development programs unless the full amount authorized for that fiscal year under subsection (a) for the all of the following programs is appropriated for that fiscal year: ‘‘(A) Safety Research and Development programs. ‘‘(B) Economic Competitiveness Research and Development programs. ‘‘(C) Mission Support programs.’’. (c) ANNUAL SUBMISSION OF THE NATIONAL  AVIATION RESEARCH PLAN.—Section 48102(g) of title 49, United States, Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) ANNUAL SUBMISSION OF THE NATIONAL  AVIATION RESEARCH PLAN.—Notwithstanding subsection (a), no funds are authorized to be appropriated for the Office of the Administrator for a fiscal year unless the Secretary has submitted the national aviation research plan to Congress no later than the date of submission of the President’s budget request to Congress for that fiscal year, as required under section 44501(c).’’. Subtitle B—FAA Research and Development Organization 
(a) A PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 3 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall appoint an Associate Administrator for Research and Development. (b) SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE .—The Associate Administrator for Research and Development shall be a Senior Executive Service position. (c) RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Associate Administrator for Research and Development shall, at a minimum, be responsible for— (1) management and oversight of all the FAA’s research and development programs and activities; and (2) production of all congressional reports from the FAA relevant to research and development, including the national aviation research plan required under section 44501(c) of title 49, United States Code. (d) DUALAPPOINTMENT .—The Associate Administrator for Research and Development may be a dualappointment, holding the responsibilities of another Associate Administrator. 
(a) A DVICE AND RECOMMENDATIONS .—Sec tion 44508(a)(1)(A) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) provide advice and recommendations to the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and Congress about needs, objectives, plans, approaches, content, and accomplishments of all aviation research and development activities and programs carried out, including those under sections 40119, 44504, 44505, 44507, 44511–44513, and 44912 of this title;’’. (b) WRITTEN REPLY TO RESEARCH ADVISORY  COMMITTEE .—Section 44508 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) WRITTEN REPLY .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after receiving any recommendation from the research advisory committee, the Administrator shall provide a written reply to the research advisory committee that, at a minimum— ‘‘(A) clearly states whether the Administrator accepts or rejects the recommendations; ‘‘(B) explains the rationale for the Administrator’s decision; ‘‘(C) sets forth the timeframe in which the Administrator will implement the recommendation; and ‘‘(D) describes the steps the Administrator will take to implement the recommendation. ‘‘(2) TRANSPARENCY .—The written reply to the research advisory committee, when transmitted to the research advisory committee, shall be— ‘‘(A) made publicly available on the research advisory committee website; and ‘‘(B) transmitted to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. ‘‘(3) NATIONAL AVIATION RESEARCH PLAN .— The national aviation research plan required under section 44501(c) shall include a summary of all research advisory committee recommendations and a description of the status of their implementation.’’. Subtitle C—Unmanned Aircraft Systems 
SEC. 721. UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP. 
No funds are authorized to be appropriated for the Office of the Administrator for a fiscal year unless the Secretary has submitted the unmanned aircraft systems roadmap to Congress on an annual basis as required under section 45502(a) of title 49, United States Code, (as added by this Act). 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall commission an independent study to— (1) develop parameters to conduct research and development for probabilistic metrics to enable the identification of hazards and the assessment of risks as necessary to make determinations under section 45505(a) of title 49, United States Code, (as added by this Act) that certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system; (2) identify additional research needed to more effectively develop and use such metrics and make such determinations; and (3) in developing parameters for probabilistic metrics, this study shall take into account the utility of performance standards to make determinations under section 45505(a) of title 49, United States Code, (as added by this Act). (b) CONSIDERATION OF RESULTS .—The Ad ministrator shall consider the results of the study conducted under subsection (a) when making a determination described in subsection (a)(1). (c) REPORT .—Not later than 9 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit the results of the study conducted under subsection (a) to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. SEC. 723. PROBABILISTIC ASSESSMENT OF RISKS. 
The Administrator shall conduct research and development to enable a probabilistic assessment of risks to inform requirements for standards for operational certification of public unmanned aircraft systems in the national airspace. 
(a) R ESEARCH .—The Administrator shall coordinate with NASA to conduct comprehensive testing of unmanned aerial vehicles colliding with a manned aircraft, including— (1) collisions between unmanned aerial vehicles of various sizes, traveling at various speeds, and commercial jet airliners of various sizes, traveling at various speeds; (2) collisions between unmanned aerial vehicles of various sizes, traveling at various speeds, and propeller planes of various sizes, traveling at various speeds; (3) collisions between unmanned aerial vehicles of various sizes, traveling at various speeds, and blimps of various sizes, traveling at various speeds; (4) collisions between unmanned aerial vehicles of various sizes, traveling at various speeds, and rotorcraft of various sizes, traveling at various speeds; and (5) collisions between unmanned aerial vehicles and various parts of the aforementioned aircraft, including— (A) windshields; (B) noses; (C) engines; (D) radomes; (E) propellers; and (F) wings. (b) REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit a report summarizing the costs and results of research under this section to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
Except as necessary to support enforcement action under applicable provisions of law against persons operating unmanned aircraft in a manner that endangers the safety of the national airspace system, notwithstanding any other provision of law relating to the incorporation of unmanned aircraft systems into FAA plans and policies, the Administrator may not promulgate any rule or regulation regarding the operation of an unmanned aircraft system— (1) that is flown strictly for research and development use; (2) that is operated less than 400 feet above the ground and in Class G airspace; (3) that is operated in a manner that does not interfere with and gives way to any manned aircraft; and (4) when flown within 5 miles of an airport, the operator of the aircraft provides the airport operator and the airport air traffic control tower (when an air traffic facility is located at the airport) with prior notice of the operation (unmanned aircraft operators flying from a permanent location within 5 miles of an airport should establish a mutually agreed upon operating procedure with the airport operator and the airport air traffic control tower (when an air traffic facility is located at the airport)). 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 332(c)(2) the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Administrator shall’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; (2) at the beginning of each of subparagraphs (A) through (F), by inserting ‘‘shall’’; (3) at the end of subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’; (4) at the end of subparagraph (F), by striking the period and inserting a semicolon; and (5) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(G) shall allow beyond lineofsight operation of unmanned aircraft systems to be flown within the boundaries of a test range established under this subsection; ‘‘(H) may promulgate regulations governing beyond lineofsight operation of unmanned aircraft systems flown within the boundaries of a test range established under this subsection for the purposes of public safety; and ‘‘(I) shall allow NASA to authorize operation of beyond lineofsight unmanned aircraft systems within the boundaries of any NASA center or facility.’’. (b) STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in the amendments made by subsection (a) shall be construed to limit the authority of the Administrator to pursue enforcement action under applicable provisions of law against persons operating unmanned aircraft in a manner that endangers the safety of the national airspace system. Subtitle D—Cybersecurity 
Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall develop an integrated Cyber Testbed for research, development, evaluation, and validation of air traffic control modernization programs or technologies, before they enter the national airspace system, as being compliant with FAA data security regulations. The Cyber Testbed shall be part of an integrated research and development test environment capable of creating, identifying, defending, and solving cybersecurityrelated problems for the national airspace system. This integrated test environment shall incorporate integrated test capacities within the FAA related to the national airspace system and NextGen. 
SEC. 732. CABIN COMMUNICATIONS, ENTERTAINMENT, AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS CYBERSECURITY VULNERABILITIES. 
(a) E VALUATION .—The Administrator shall evaluate and determine the research and development needs associated with cybersecurity vulnerabilities of cabin communications, entertainment, and information technology systems on civil passenger aircraft. This evaluation shall include research and development to address— (1) technical risks and vulnerabilities; (2) potential impacts on the national airspace and public safety; and (3) identification of deficiencies in cabin based cybersecurity. (b) ASSESSMENT .—The Administrator shall— (1) conduct an assessment of opportunities to cooperate with the private sector in conducting aircraft incabin cybersecurity research and development; and (2) provide recommendations to improve research and development on cabinbased cybersecurity vulnerabilities. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 9 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit a report on the results of activities under this section to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. This report may contain classified annexes. SEC. 733. CYBERSECURITY THREAT MODELING. 
(a) P ROGRAM .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Administrator shall consult the National Institute of Standards and Technology to research and develop an internal FAA cybersecurity threat modeling program to detect cybersecurity vulnerabilities, track how those vulnerabilities might be exploited, and assess the magnitude of harm that could be caused by the exploitation of those vulnerabilities. (2) UPDATES .—This program shall be updated regularly, not less than once every 5 years. (b) REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, and within 7 days of each threat modeling program update under subsection (a)(2), the Administrator shall transmit a report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate detailing the status, results, and composition of the threat modeling program. 
SEC. 734. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY CYBERSECURITY STANDARDS. 
Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the FAA shall, in consultation with the National Institute of Standards and Technology, transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that includes— (1) a cybersecurity standards plan to implement National Institute of Standards and Technology revisions to cybersecurity guidance documents within timeframes set by the Office of Management and Budget; and (2) an explanation of why any such recommendations are not incorporated in the plan or are not incorporated within such timeframes. 
The Administrator shall, where feasible, cooperate on cybersecurity research and development with other international air traffic management organizations, including the European Aviation Safety Agency, the United Kingdom Civil Aviation Authority, Nav Canada, and Airservices Australia. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the FAA, in consultation with other agencies as appropriate, shall establish a research and development program to improve the cybersecurity of civil aircraft and the national airspace system. (b) PLAN.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the FAA shall develop a plan for the research and development program established under subsection (a) that contains objectives, proposed tasks, milestones, and a 5year budgetary profile. (2) NATIONAL ACADEMIES ’ STUDY .—The Ad ministrator shall— (A) enter into an arrangement with the National Academies for a study of the plan developed under paragraph (1); and (B) provide the results of that study to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. Subtitle E—FAA Research and Development Activities SEC. 741. RESEARCH PLAN FOR THE CERTIFICATION OF NEW TECHNOLOGIES INTO THE NATIONAL AIRSPACE SYSTEM. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with NASA, shall transmit a comprehensive research plan for the certification of new technologies into the national airspace system to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. This plan shall identify research necessary to support the certification and implementation of NextGen, including both ground and air elements, and explain the plan’s relationship to other activities and procedures required for certification and implementation of new technologies into the national airspace system. This plan shall be informed by and conform to the recommendations of the National Research Council report titled ‘‘Transformation in the Air—A Review of the FAA Research Plan’’, issued on June 8, 2015. This report shall include, at a minimum— (1) a description of the strategic and prescriptive value of the research plan; (2) an explanation of the expected outcomes from executing the plan; (3) an assessment of the FAA’s plan to use research and development to improve cybersecurity over the next 5 years, taking into account the cybersecurity research and development plan developed under section 736(b); (4) an assessment of the current software assurance practices, and the desired level or attributes to target in the software assurance program; (5) cost estimates, planned schedules, and performance benchmarks, including specific tasks, milestones, and timelines and including an identification of cost and schedule reserves, for the certification of new technologies into the national airspace system, including NextGen, Automatic Dependent SurveillanceBroadcast, Data Communications, National Airspace System Voice System, Collaborative Air Traffic Management Technologies, NextGen Weather, and System Wide Information Management; (6) methods for integrating emerging technologies throughout NextGen’s development, certification, and implementation process; and (7) best practices in research and development used by other organizations, such as NASA, NavCanada, and Eurocontrol. 
The Administrator may conduct or supervise research, development, and service testing, currently being conducted under the Piston Aviation Fuels Initiative (PAFI) unleaded avgas program, that is required to allow the use of an unleaded aviation gasoline in existing aircraft as a replacement for leaded gasoline. 
SEC. 743. AIR TRAFFIC SURVEILLANCE OVER OCEANS AND OTHER REMOTE LOCATIONS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The Ad ministrator, in consultation with NASA and other relevant agencies, shall establish a research and development program on civilian air traffic surveillance over oceans and other remote locations. Such program shall— (1) take into account the need for international interoperability of technologies and air traffic control systems; and 
(2) recognize that Automatic Dependent SurveillanceBroadcast (ADS–B) is an element of the Next Generation Air Transportation System. (b) PILOT PROGRAM .—The Administrator shall establish a pilot program to test, evaluate, and certify for integration into the national airspace system air traffic surveillance equipment for oceans and other remote locations. (c) PARTNERSHIP WITHPRIVATE INDUSTRY .— The Administrator shall partner with private industry on the research, development, testing, and evaluation under this section. (d) REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit a report on activities under this section to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The FAA, in consultation with NASA and other relevant agencies, shall establish a research and development program in support of singlepiloted cargo aircraft assisted with remote piloting and computer piloting. (b) REVIEW .—The FAA, in consultation with NASA, shall conduct a review of FAA research and development activities in support of singlepiloted cargo aircraft assisted with remote piloting and computer piloting. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit a report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate that describes— (1) the program established under subsection (a); and (2) the results of the review conducted under subsection (b). 
The Administrator shall develop a program to research the use of spectrum in the civil aviation domain, including aircraft and unmanned aircraft systems. This research shall, at a minimum, address— (1) how, operating within an Unmanned Aircraft System Traffic Management system, unmanned aircraft systems can safely use, for control link, tracking, diagnostics, payload communication, collaborativecollision avoidance (e.g. vehicletovehicle communications), and other purposes— (A) aviationprotected spectrum; (B) commercial communications networks, such as mobile communications networks; and (C) any other licensed or unlicensed spectrum; (2) how the reallocation of spectrum assigned for use within frequency bands adjacent to those allocated for position, navigation, and timing may impact the safety of civil aviation; and (3) measures to protect and mitigate against spectrum interference in frequency bands used by the civil aviation community to ensure public safety. TITLE VIII—AVIATION REVENUE PROVISIONS 
SEC. 801. EXPENDITURE AUTHORITY FROM AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 9502(d)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A) by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘or the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018;’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 9502(e)(2) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’. 
SEC. 802. EXTENSION OF TAXES FUNDING AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND. 
(a) F UEL TAXES .—Section 4081(d)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’. (b) TICKET TAXES .— (1) PERSONS .—Section 4261(k)(1)(A)(ii) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’. (2) PROPERTY .—Section 4271(d)(1)(A)(ii) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’. (c) FRACTIONAL OWNERSHIP PROGRAMS .— (1) FUEL TAX .—Section 4043(d) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’. (2) TREATMENT AS NONCOMMERCIAL AVIA TION.—Section 4083(b) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’. (3) EXEMPTION FROM TICKET TAXES .—Sec tion 4261(j) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part A of House Report 115–650 and amendments en bloc described in House Resolution 839. Each such amendment printed in part A of the report may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. b1330 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . SHUSTER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 8, strike lines 19 through 22 and insert the following: (b) AUTHORIZED EXPENDITURES .—Section 48101(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the subsection heading by striking ‘‘Automated Surface Observation System/ Automated Weather Observing System Upgrade’’ and inserting ‘‘Authorized Expenditures’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘may be used for the implementation’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘may be used for the following: ‘‘(1) The implementation and use of upgrades to the current automated surface observation system/automated weather observing system, if the upgrade is successfully demonstrated. ‘‘(2) The acquisition and construction of remote air traffic control towers (as defined in section 510 of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018). ‘‘(3) The remediation and elimination of identified cybersecurity vulnerabilities in the air traffic control system. ‘‘(4) The construction of facilities dedicated to improving the cybersecurity of the National Airspace System. ‘‘(5) Systems associated with the Data Communications program. ‘‘(6) The infrastructure, sustainment, and the elimination of the deferred maintenance backlog of air navigation facilities and other facilities for which the Federal Aviation Administration is responsible. ‘‘(7) The modernization and digitization of the Civil Aviation Registry. ‘‘(8) The construction of necessary Priority 1 National Airspace System facilities. ‘‘(9) Costbeneficial construction, rehabilitation, or retrofitting programs designed to reduce Federal Aviation Administration facility operating costs.’’. Page 8, line 13, strike ‘‘$2,920,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$3,330,000,000’’. Page 8, line 14, strike ‘‘$2,984,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$3,398,000,000’’. Page 8, line 15, strike ‘‘$3,049,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$3,469,000,000’’. Page 8, line 16, strike ‘‘$3,118,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$3,547,000,000’’. Page 8, line 17, strike ‘‘$3,190,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$3,624,000,000’’. Page 8, line 18, strike ‘‘$3,263,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$3,701,000,000’’. Page 9, line 5, strike ‘‘$10,231,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$10,247,000,000’’. Page 9, line 6, strike ‘‘$10,434,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$10,486,000,000’’. Page 9, line 7, strike ‘‘$10,639,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$10,732,000,000’’. Page 9, line 8, strike ‘‘$10,861,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$11,000,000,000’’. Page 9, line 10, strike ‘‘$11,095,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$11,269,000,000’’. Page 9, line 12, strike ‘‘$11,329,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$11,537,000,000’’. Page 9, after line 13, insert the following: (b) AUTHORIZED EXPENDITURES .—Section 106(k)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) Not more than the following amounts for commercial space transportation activities: ‘‘(i) $22,587,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(ii) $33,038,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(iii) $43,500,000 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(iv) $54,970,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(v) $64,449,000 for fiscal year 2022. ‘‘(vi) $75,938,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’. Page 9, line 14, strike ‘‘(b)’’ and insert ‘‘(c)’’. At the end of subtitle C of title I, add the following: 
Section 47115 of title 49, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) SUPPLEMENTAL DISCRETIONARY  FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall establish a program to provide grants, subject to the conditions of this subsection, for any purpose for which amounts are made available under section 48103 that the Secretary considers most appropriate to carry out this subchapter. ‘‘(2) TREATMENT OF GRANTS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—A grant made under this subsection shall be treated as having been made pursuant to the Secretary’s authority under section 47104(a) and from the Secretary’s discretionary fund under subsection (a) of this section. ‘‘(B) EXCEPTION .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, grants made under this subsection shall not be subject to subsection (c), section 47117(e), or any other apportionment formula, special apportionment 
category, or minimum percentage set forth in this chapter. ‘‘(3) ELIGIBILITY .—The Secretary may provide grants under this subsection only for projects— ‘‘(A) at a nonprimary airport that— ‘‘(i) is classified as a regional, local, or basic airport, as determined using the Department of Transportation’s most recently published classification; and ‘‘(ii) is not located within a Metropolitan Statistical Area (as defined by the Office of Management and Budget); ‘‘(B) at a nonhub, small hub, or medium hub airport; or ‘‘(C) at an airport receiving an exemption under section 47134. ‘‘(4) FEDERAL SHARE .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Government’s share of allowable project costs under this subsection is 80 percent. ‘‘(B) SUBMISSION .—In applying for a grant under this subsection, an airport sponsor that proposes a lower Government share of allowable project costs than the share specified in subparagraph (A) shall receive priority commensurate with the reduction in such share. Projects shall receive equal priority consideration if such project— ‘‘(i) has a proposed Government cost share of 50 percent or less; or ‘‘(ii) is at an airport receiving an exemption under section 47134. ‘‘(5) AUTHORIZATION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this subsection the following amounts: ‘‘(i) $1,020,000,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(ii) $1,041,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(iii) $1,064,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(iv) $1,087,000,000 for fiscal year 2022. ‘‘(v) $1,110,000,000 for fiscal year 2023. ‘‘(B) AVAILABILITY .—Sums authorized to be appropriated under subparagraph (A) shall remain available for 2 fiscal years.’’. 
Section 47102(3)(B)(ii) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and emergency call boxes,’’ and inserting ‘‘emergency call boxes, and counterUAS systems (as defined in section 40102),’’. Page 100, strike line 17 and all that follows through page 103, line 19. At the end of subtitle A of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3ll. FAA AND NTSB REVIEW OF GENERAL AVIATION SAFETY. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, in coordination with the Chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board, shall initiate a study of general aviation safety. (b) STUDY CONTENTS .—The study required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a review of all general aviation accidents since 2000, including a review of— (A) the number of such accidents; (B) the number of injuries and fatalities, including with respect to both occupants of aircraft and individuals on the ground, as a result of such accidents; (C) the number of such accidents investigated by the National Transportation Safety Board; (D) the number of such accidents investigated by the Federal Aviation Administration; and (E) a summary of the factual findings and probable cause determinations with respect to such accidents; (2) an assessment of the most common probable cause determinations issued for general aviation accidents since 2000; (3) an assessment of the most common facts analyzed by the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board in the course of investigations of general aviation accidents since 2000, including operational details; (4) a review of the safety recommendations of the National Transportation Safety Board related to general aviation accidents since 2000; (5) an assessment of the responses of the Federal Aviation Administration and the general aviation community to the safety recommendations of the National Transportation Safety Board related to general aviation accidents since 2000; (6) an assessment of the most common general aviation safety issues; (7) a review of the total costs to the Federal Government to conduct investigations of general aviation accidents over the last 10 years; and (8) other matters the Administrator or the Chairman considers appropriate. (c) RECOMMENDATIONS AND ACTIONS TOADDRESS GENERAL AVIATION SAFETY .—Based on the results of the study required under subsection (a), the Administrator, in consultation with the Chairman, shall make such recommendations, including with respect to regulations and enforcement activities, as the Administrator considers necessary to— (1) address general aviation safety issues identified under the study; (2) protect persons and property on the ground; and (3) improve the safety of general aviation operators in the United States. (d) AUTHORITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator shall have the authority to undertake actions to address the recommendations made under subsection (c). (e) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study required under subsection (a), including the recommendations described in subsection (c). (f) GENERAL AVIATION DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘general aviation’’ means aircraft operation for personal, recreational, or other noncommercial purposes. 
SEC. 3ll. CALL TO ACTION AIRLINE ENGINE SAFETY REVIEW. 
(a) C ALL TO ACTION AIRLINE ENGINE SAFETY  REVIEW .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall initiate a Call to Action safety review on airline engine safety in order to bring stakeholders together to share best practices and implement actions to address airline engine safety. (b) CONTENTS .—The Call to Action safety review required pursuant to subsection (a) shall include— (1) a review of Administration regulations, guidance, and directives related to airline engines during design and production, including the oversight of those processes; (2) a review of Administration regulations, guidance, and directives related to airline engine operation and maintenance and the oversight of those processes; (3) a review of reportable accidents and incidents involving airline engines during calendar years 2014 through 2018, including any identified contributing factors to the reportable accident or incident; and (4) a process for stakeholders, including inspectors, manufacturers, maintenance providers, airlines, and aviation safety experts, to provide feedback and share best practices. (c) REPORT AND RECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 90 days after the conclusion of the Call to Action safety review pursuant to subsection (a), the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the review and any recommendations for actions or best practices to improve airline engine safety. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 44737. Special rule for certain aircraft operations ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The operator of an aircraft with a special airworthiness certificate in the experimental category may— ‘‘(1) operate the aircraft for the purpose of conducting a commercial space transportation support flight; and ‘‘(2) conduct such flight under such certificate carrying persons or property for compensation or hire notwithstanding any rule or term of a certificate issued by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration that would prohibit flight for compensation or hire. ‘‘(b) LIMITED APPLICABILITY .—Subsection (a) shall apply only to a commercial space transportation support flight that satisfies each of the following: ‘‘(1) The aircraft conducting the commercial space transportation support flight— ‘‘(A) takes flight and lands at a single site that is licensed for operation under chapter 509 of title 51; and ‘‘(B) is used only to simulate space flight conditions in support of— ‘‘(i) training for potential space flight participants or crew (as those terms are defined in chapter 509 of title 51); or ‘‘(ii) the testing of hardware to be used in space flight. ‘‘(2) The operator of the commercial space transportation support flight— ‘‘(A) informs, in writing, any individual serving as crew of the aircraft that the United States Government has not certified the aircraft as safe for carrying crew or passengers prior to executing any contract or other arrangement to employ that individual (or, in the case of an individual already employed as of the date of enactment of this section, prior to any commercial space transportation support flight in which the individual will participate as crew); ‘‘(B) prior to receiving any compensation for carrying any passengers on the aircraft— ‘‘(i) informs, in writing, the passengers about the risks of the aircraft and commercial space transportation support flight, including the safety record for the operator’s fleet of similar vehicle types and information sufficient to adequately describe the safety record for the vehicle type regardless of operator; and ‘‘(ii) informs, in writing, any passenger that the United States Government has not certified the aircraft as safe for carrying crew or passengers; ‘‘(C) provides any passenger an opportunity to ask questions orally to acquire a better understanding of the safety record of the aircraft and commercial space transportation support flight; and ‘‘(D) obtains written informed consent from any individual serving as crew and all passengers of the commercial space transportation support flight that— ‘‘(i) identifies the specific aircraft the consent covers; 
‘‘(ii) states that the individual understands the risk and that the presence of the individual on board the aircraft is voluntary; and ‘‘(iii) is signed and dated by the individual. ‘‘(3) When the aircraft is also a launch vehicle, reentry vehicle, or component of a launch or reentry vehicle, the operator of the aircraft holds a license or permit issued under chapter 509 of title 51 for that vehicle or vehicle component. ‘‘(4) Any other requirements that the Administrator may prescribe to permit a commercial space transportation support flight under this section. ‘‘(c) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) Section 44711(a)(1) shall not apply to a person conducting a commercial space transportation support flight under this section only to the extent that a term of the experimental certificate under which the person is operating the aircraft prohibits the carriage of persons or property for compensation or hire. ‘‘(2) Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the authority of the Administrator to exempt a person from a regulatory prohibition on the carriage of persons or property for compensation or hire subject to terms and conditions other than those described in this section.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘44737. Special rule for certain aircraft operations.’’. At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
Section 40102(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(48) ‘counterUAS system’ means a system or device capable of lawfully and safely disabling, disrupting, or seizing control of an unmanned aircraft or unmanned aircraft system. ‘‘(49) ‘public unmanned aircraft system’ means an unmanned aircraft system that meets the qualifications and conditions required for operation of a public aircraft. ‘‘(50) ‘small unmanned aircraft’ means an unmanned aircraft weighing less than 55 pounds, including everything that is on board or otherwise attached to the aircraft. ‘‘(51) ‘unmanned aircraft’ means an aircraft that is operated without the possibility of direct human intervention from within or on the aircraft. ‘‘(52) ‘unmanned aircraft system’ means an unmanned aircraft and associated elements (including communication links and the components that control the unmanned aircraft) that are required for the pilot in command to operate safely and efficiently in the national airspace system. ‘‘(53) ‘UTM’ means an unmanned aircraft traffic management system or service.’’. Page 176, strike line 9 (and redesignate accordingly). Page 176, after line 12, insert the following: (3) 3 representatives, to be appointed by the Secretary, to represent the various segments of the air ambulance industry. At the end of subtitle A of title IV, insert the following: 
Section 44734(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (4) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) dealing with allegations of sexual misconduct.’’. SEC. 4ll. ADDRESSING SEXUAL MISCONDUCT ON FLIGHTS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF WORKING GROUP .— The Secretary of Transportation shall establish a sexual misconduct incident working group composed of aviation industry stakeholders, relevant Federal agencies, national organizations that specialize in providing services to victims of sexual misconduct, labor organizations that represent relevant aviation employees, and State and local law enforcement agencies. (b) PURPOSE OF WORKING GROUP .—The pur pose of the working group shall be to develop best practices for— (1) addressing sexual misconduct on flights; (2) airline employee training; and (3) protocols for law enforcement notification. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the working group shall submit a report describing the best practices developed pursuant to subsection (b) to the Secretary, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. (d) SUNSET .—The working group established pursuant to subsection (a) shall terminate 60 days after the submission of the report pursuant to subsection (c). At the end of subtitle B of title IV, insert the following: 
SEC. 4ll. AIRLINE PASSENGERS WITH DISABILITIES BILL OF RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 423 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 42305. Airline Passengers With Disabilities Bill of Rights ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Secretary of Transportation shall develop a document, to be known as the ‘Airline Passengers With Disabilities Bill of Rights’, that describes in plain language— ‘‘(1) the basic responsibilities of covered carriers, including their employees and contractors, under section 41705; and ‘‘(2) the protections of air passengers with disabilities under section 41705. ‘‘(b) CONTENT .—In developing the Bill of Rights, the Secretary shall include, at a minimum, plain language descriptions of responsibilities and protections provided in law related to— ‘‘(1) the right of passengers with disabilities to be treated with dignity and respect; ‘‘(2) the right of passengers with disabilities to receive timely assistance, if requested, from properly trained personnel of covered carriers and their contractors; ‘‘(3) the right of passengers with disabilities to travel with and stow wheelchairs, mobility aids, and other assistive devices, including necessary medications and medical supplies; ‘‘(4) the right of passengers with disabilities to receive seating accommodations, if requested, to accommodate a disability; ‘‘(5) the right of passengers with disabilities to speak with a complaint resolution officer or to file a complaint with a covered carrier or the Department of Transportation; and ‘‘(6) the right of passengers with disabilities to communications in an accessible format as required under Federal regulations. ‘‘(c) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The development of the Bill of Rights may not be construed as expanding or restricting the rights available to passengers with disabilities on the day before the date of enactment of this section pursuant to any statute or regulation. ‘‘(d) CONSULTATIONS .—In developing the Bill of Rights, the Secretary shall consult with appropriate stakeholders, including disability organizations and covered carriers. ‘‘(e) DISPLAY .—Each covered carrier shall include the Bill of Rights— ‘‘(1) on a publicly available internet website of the covered carrier; and ‘‘(2) in any preflight notification or communication provided to a passenger who alerts the covered carrier in advance of the need for accommodations relating to a disability. ‘‘(f) TRAINING .—Covered carriers shall submit to the Secretary plans to ensure that their employees and contractors receive training on the responsibilities and protections described in the Bill of Rights. The Secretary shall review such plans to ensure the plans address the matters described in subsection (b). ‘‘(g) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the following definitions apply: ‘‘(1) BILL OF RIGHTS .—The term ‘Bill of Rights’ means the ‘Airline Passengers With Disabilities Bill of Rights’ developed under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) COVERED CARRIER .—The term ‘covered carrier’ means an air carrier or foreign air carrier, as those terms are defined in section 40102(a).’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 423 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘42305. Airline Passengers With Disabilities Bill of Rights.’’. 
SEC. 4ll. CIVIL PENALTIES RELATING TO HARM TO PASSENGERS WITH DISABILITIES. 
Section 46301(a) of title 49, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) PENALTIES RELATING TO HARM TO PASSENGERS WITHDISABILITIES .— ‘‘(A) PENALTY FOR BODILY HARM OR DAMAGE  
TO WHEELCHAIR OR OTHER MOBILITY AID .—The amount of a civil penalty assessed under this section for a violation of section 41705 may be increased above the otherwise applicable maximum amount under this section to an amount not to exceed 3 times the maximum civil penalty otherwise allowed if the violation involves— ‘‘(i) injury to a passenger with a disability; or ‘‘(ii) damage to the passenger’s wheelchair or other mobility aid. ‘‘(B) SEPARATE OFFENCES .—Notwith standing paragraph (2), a separate violation of section 41705 occurs for each act of discrimination prohibited by that section.’’. 
(a) R ULEMAKING .—The Secretary of Transportation shall conduct a rulemaking proceeding— (1) to define the term ‘‘service animal’’ for purposes of air transportation; and (2) to develop minimum standards for what is required for service and emotional support animals carried in aircraft cabins. (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting the rulemaking under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider, at a minimum— (1) whether to align the definition of ‘‘service animal’’ with the definition of that term in regulations of the Department of Justice implementing the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–336); (2) reasonable measures to ensure pets are not claimed as service animals, such as— (A) whether to require photo identification for a service animal identifying the type of 
animal, the breed of animal, and the service the animal provides to the passenger; (B) whether to require documentation indicating whether or not a service animal was trained by the owner or an approved training organization; (C) whether to require, from a licensed physician, documentation indicating the mitigating task or tasks a service animal provides to its owner; and (D) whether to allow a passenger to be accompanied by more than 1 service animal; (3) reasonable measures to ensure the safety of all passengers, such as— (A) whether to require health and vaccination records for a service animal; and (B) whether to require thirdparty proof of behavioral training for a service animal; (4) the impact additional requirements on service animals could have on access to air transportation for passengers with disabilities; and (5) if impacts on access to air transportation for passengers with disabilities are found, ways to eliminate or mitigate those impacts. (c) FINAL RULE.—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a final rule pursuant to the rulemaking conducted under this section. Page 188, strike lines 1 through 15. Page 188, beginning on line 21, strike ‘‘inserting’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and insert ‘‘inserting ‘$155,000,000 for fiscal year 2018, $158,000,000 for fiscal year 2019, $161,000,000 for fiscal year 2020, $165,000,000 for fiscal year 2021, $168,000,000 for fiscal year 2022, and $172,000,000 for fiscal year 2023’.’’. Page 197, line 3, strike ‘‘Section’’ and insert the following: (a) PURPOSE AND INPUT .—Section Page 197, after line 17, insert the following: (b) MILITARY OPERATIONS EXCLUSION .—Sec tion 804 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 44501 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (e) as subsection (f); and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the following: ‘‘(e) MILITARY OPERATIONS EXCLUSION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Administrator may not realign or consolidate a combined TRACON and tower with radar facility of the FAA under this section if, in 2015, the total annual military operations at the facility comprised at least 40 percent of the total annual TRACON operations at the facility. ‘‘(2) TRACON 
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘TRACON’ means terminal radar approach control.’’. Page 230, strike lines 12 and 13 and insert the following: ‘‘United States Code, is amended by striking ‘and’ and all that follows through ‘administrative’ and inserting ‘and administrative’.’’. Page 243, line 20, strike ‘‘(48)’’ and insert ‘‘(54)’’. Page 244, line 6, strike ‘‘44737’’ and insert ‘‘44738’’. Page 244, in the matter following line 18, strike ‘‘44737’’ and insert ‘‘44738’’. At the end of title V, add the following: 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Transportation shall enter into an agreement with the Secretary of Defense— (1) to allow Federal Aviation Administration employees assigned to Guam, their spouses, and their dependent children access to Department of Defense hospitals located in Guam on a space available basis; and (2) to provide for payments by the Federal Aviation Administration to the Department of Defense for the administrative costs associated with— (A) enrolling Federal Aviation Administration employees assigned to Guam, their spouses, and their dependent children in any Department of Defense system necessary to allow access pursuant to paragraph (1); and (B) billing an insurance company for any medical costs incurred as a result of Federal Aviation Administration employees, their spouses, or their dependent children accessing and receiving medical treatment or services at a Department of Defense hospital located in Guam. (b) FUNDS SUBJECT TO APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds for payments by the Federal Aviation Administration described in subsection (a)(2) are subject to the availability of amounts specifically provided in advance for that purpose in appropriations Acts. 
SEC. 5ll. CLARIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR LIVING HISTORY FLIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other law or regulation, in administering sections 61.113(c), 91.9, 91.315, 91.319(a)(1), 91.319(a)(2), 119.5(g), and 119.21(a) of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations), the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall allow an aircraft owner or operator to accept monetary or inkind donations for a flight operated by a living history flight experience provider, if the aircraft owner or operator has— (1) volunteered to provide such transportation; and (2) notified any individual that will be on the flight, at the time of inquiry about the flight, that the flight operation is for charitable purposes and is not subject to the same requirements as a commercial flight. (b) CONDITIONS TOENSURE PUBLIC SAFETY.—The Administrator, consistent with current standards of the Administration for such operations, shall impose minimum standards with respect to training and flight hours for operations conducted by an owner or operator of an aircraft providing living history flight experience operations, including mandating that the pilot in command of such aircraft hold a commercial pilot certificate with instrument rating and be current and qualified with respect to all ratings or authorizations applicable to the specific aircraft being flown to ensure the safety of flight operations described in subsection (a). (c) LIVING HISTORY FLIGHT EXPERIENCE  PROVIDER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘living history flight experience provider’’ means an aircraft owner, aircraft operator, or organization that provides, arranges, or otherwise fosters living history flight experiences for the purpose of fulfilling its mission. 
(a) C HIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER .—Section 106(s) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(s) CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) APPOINTMENT .—There shall be a Chief Technology Officer appointed by the Chief Operating Officer, with the approval of the Secretary. The Chief Technology Officer shall report directly to the Chief Operating Officer and shall be subject to the authority of the Chief Operating Officer. ‘‘(B) MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS .—The Chief Technology Officer shall have— ‘‘(i) at least 10 years experience in engineering management or another relevant technical management field; and ‘‘(ii) knowledge of or experience in the aviation industry. ‘‘(C) REMOVAL .—The Chief Technology Officer shall serve at the pleasure of the Chief Operating Officer. ‘‘(D) RESTRICTION .—The Chief Technology Officer may not also be the Deputy Administrator. ‘‘(2) RESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibilities of the Chief Technology Officer shall include— ‘‘(A) ensuring the proper operation, maintenance, and cybersecurity of technology systems relating to the air traffic control system across all program offices of the Administration; ‘‘(B) coordinating the implementation, operation, maintenance, and cybersecurity of technology programs relating to the air traffic control system with the aerospace industry and other Federal agencies; ‘‘(C) reviewing and providing advice to the Secretary, the Administrator, and the Chief Operating Officer on the Administration’s budget, cost accounting system, and benefit cost analyses with respect to technology programs relating to the air traffic control system; ‘‘(D) consulting with the Administrator on the Capital Investment Plan of the Administration prior to its submission to Congress; ‘‘(E) developing an annual air traffic control system technology operation and maintenance plan that is consistent with the annual performance targets established under paragraph (4); and ‘‘(F) ensuring that the air traffic control system architecture remains, to the maximum extent practicable, flexible enough to incorporate future technological advances developed and directly procured by aircraft operators. ‘‘(3) COMPENSATION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Chief Technology Officer shall be paid at an annual rate of basic pay to be determined by the Secretary, in consultation with the Chief Operating Officer. The annual rate may not exceed the annual compensation paid under section 102 of title 3. The Chief Technology Officer shall be subject to the postemployment provisions of section 207 of title 18 as if the position of Chief Technology Officer were described in section 207(c)(2)(A)(i) of that title. ‘‘(B) BONUS .—In addition to the annual rate of basic pay authorized by subparagraph (A), the Chief Technology Officer may receive a bonus for any calendar year not to exceed 30 percent of the annual rate of basic pay, based upon the Secretary’s evaluation of the Chief Technology Officer’s performance in relation to the performance targets established under paragraph (4). ‘‘(4) ANNUAL PERFORMANCE TARGETS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Administrator and the Chief Operating Officer, in consultation with the Chief Technology Officer, shall establish measurable annual performance targets for the Chief Technology Officer in key operational areas. ‘‘(B) REPORT .—The Administrator shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report describing the annual performance targets established under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(5) ANNUAL PERFORMANCE REPORT .—The Chief Technology Officer shall prepare and transmit to the Secretary of Transportation, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an annual report containing— ‘‘(A) detailed descriptions and metrics of how successful the Chief Technology Officer was in meeting the annual performance targets established under paragraph (4); and ‘‘(B) other information as may be requested by the Administrator and the Chief Operating Officer.’’. 
(b) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 709(a)(3)(L) of the Vision 100– Century of Aviation Reauthorization Act (49 U.S.C. 40101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Chief NextGen Officer’’ and inserting ‘‘Chief Technology Officer’’. (2) Section 804(a)(4)(A) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 44501 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Chief NextGen Officer’’ and inserting ‘‘Chief Technology Officer’’. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall direct the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and the Chief Operating Officer of the Air Traffic Organization to implement policies that— (1) designate the Associate Administrator for Commercial Space Transportation as the primary liaison between the commercial space transportation industry and the Administration; (2) recognize the necessity of, and set forth processes for, launch license and permit holder coordination with the Air Traffic Organization on matters including— (A) the use of air navigation facilities; (B) airspace safety; and (C) planning of commercial space launch and launch support activities; (3) designate a single point of contact within the Air Traffic Organization who is responsible for— (A) maintaining letters of agreement between a launch license or permit holder and a Federal Aviation Administration facility; (B) making such letters of agreement available to the Associate Administrator for Commercial Space Transportation; (C) ensuring that a facility that has entered into such a letter of agreement is aware of and fulfills its responsibilities under the letter; and (D) liaising between the Air Traffic Organization and the Associate Administrator for Commercial Space Transportation on any matter relating to such a letter of agreement; and (4) require the Associate Administrator for Commercial Space Transportation to facilitate, upon the request of a launch license or permit holder— (A) coordination between a launch license and permit holder and the Air Traffic Organization; and (B) the negotiation of letters of agreement between a launch license or permit holder and a Federal Aviation Administration facility or the Air Traffic Organization. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall complete covered upgrades of the Administration’s Civil Aviation Registry (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Registry’’). (b) COVERED UPGRADE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered upgrades’’ means— (1) the digitization of nondigital Registry information, including paper documents, microfilm images, and photographs, from an analog or nondigital format to a digital format; (2) the digitalization of Registry manual and paperbased processes, business operations, and functions by leveraging digital technologies and a broader use of digitized data; (3) the implementation of systems allowing a member of the public to submit any information or form to the Registry and conduct any transaction with the Registry by electronic or other remote means; and (4) allowing more efficient, broader, and remote access to the Registry. (c) APPLICABILITY .—The requirements of subsection (a) shall apply to the entire Civil Aviation Registry, including the Aircraft Registration Branch and the Airmen Certification Branch. (d) MANUAL SURCHARGE .—Chapter 453 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 45306. Manual surcharge ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Not later 6 months after the date of enactment of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, the Administrator shall impose and collect a surcharge on a Civil Aviation Registry transaction that— ‘‘(1) is conducted in person at the Civil Aviation Registry; ‘‘(2) could be conducted, as determined by the Administrator, with the same or greater level of efficiency by electronic or other remote means; and ‘‘(3) is not related to research or other non commercial activities. ‘‘(b) MAXIMUM SURCHARGE .—A surcharge imposed and collected under subsection (a) shall not exceed twice the maximum fee the Administrator is authorized to charge for the registration of an aircraft, not used to provide air transportation, after the transfer of ownership under section 45302(b)(2). ‘‘(c) CREDIT TO ACCOUNT AND AVAILABILITY .—Monies collected from a surcharge imposed under subsection (a) shall be treated as monies collected under section 45302 and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in section 45302(d).’’. (e) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until the covered upgrades required under subsection (a) are complete, the Administrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate describing— (1) the schedule for the covered upgrades to the Registry; (2) the office responsible for the implementation of the such covered upgrades; (3) the metrics being used to measure progress in implementing the covered upgrades; and (4) the status of the covered upgrades as of the date of the report. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall issue a final regulation revising section 121.333(c)(3) of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, to apply only to flight altitudes above flight level 410. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this section, the inspector general of the Department of Transportation shall initiate an audit of the Administrative Services Franchise Fund of the FAA (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Franchise Fund’’). (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting the audit pursuant to subsection (a), the inspector general shall— (1) review the history, intended purpose, and objectives of the Franchise Fund; (2) describe and assess each program, service, or activity that uses the Franchise Fund, including— (A) the agencies or government bodies that use each program, service, or activity; (B) the number of employees, including fulltime equivalents and contractors, associated with each program, service, or activity; (C) the costs associated with the employees described in subparagraph (B) and the extent to which such costs are covered by Federal appropriations or Franchise Fund revenue; (D) the revenue, expenses, and profits or losses associated with each program, service, or activity; (E) overhead rates associated with each program, service, or activity; and (F) a breakdown of the revenue collected from services provided to the FAA, Department of Transportation, other Federal entities, and nonFederal entities; (3) assess the FAA’s governance and oversight of the Franchise Fund and the programs, service, and activities that use the Franchise Fund, including the use of internal and publicly available performance metrics; (4) evaluate the current and historical unobligated and unexpended balances of the Franchise Fund; and (5) assess the degree to which FAA policies and controls associated with the Franchise Fund conform with generally accepted accounting principles, Federal policies, best practices, or other guidance relating to revolving funds. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of initiation of the audit described in subsection (a), the Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the audit, including findings and recommendations. (d) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘FAA’’ means the Federal Aviation Administration. 
(a) FAA R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Chief Operating Officer of the Federal Aviation Administration shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report describing the multiyear effort of the Administration to modernize the air transportation system (in this section referred to as the ‘‘modernization effort’’), including— (1) the number of years that the modernization effort has been underway as of the date of the report; (2) the total amount of money expended on the modernization effort as of the date of the report (including a description of how that amount was calculated); (3) the net present value of the benefits reported from aircraft operators resulting from the money expended on the modernization effort as of the date of the report; (4) a definition for the Next Generation Air Transportation System (in this section referred to as ‘‘NextGen’’), including a description of any changes to that definition that occurred between 2003 and the date of the report; (5) the net present value of the money expended on NextGen as of the date of the report if such money had been deposited into a Government trust fund instead of being expended on NextGen; (6) a description of the benefits promised and benefits delivered with respect to NextGen as of the date of the report; (7) any changes to the benefits promised with respect to NextGen between the date on which NextGen began and the date of the report; (8) a description of each program or project that comprises NextGen, including— (A) when the program or project was initiated; 
(B) the total budget for the program or project; (C) the initial budget for the program or project; (D) the acquisition program baseline for the program or project; (E) whether the program or project has ever breached the acquisition program baseline and, if so, a description of when, why, and how the breach was resolved; (F) whether the program or project has been rebaselined or divided into smaller segments and, if so, a description of when, why, and the impact to the cost of the program or project; (G) the initial schedule for the program or project; (H) whether the program or project was delayed and, if so, a description of how long, why, and the impact to the cost of the program or project; (I) whether the Administration changed any contract term or deliverable for the program or project and, if so, a description of the change, why it happened, and the impact to the cost of the program or project; (J) benefits promised with respect to the program or project at initiation; (K) benefits delivered with respect to the program or project as of the date of the report; (L) whether the program or project was cancelled and, if so, a description of why and when; (M) for cancelled programs or projects, whether there were any costs associated with the decision to cancel and, if so, a description of the amount of the costs (including for both the Administration and the private sector); (N) the metrics, milestones, and deadlines set for the program or project and how the Administration tracked and ensured compliance with those metrics, milestones, and deadlines; (O) how the Administration conducted oversight of the program or project and any related stakeholder collaboration efforts; and (P) the status of the program or project as of the date of the report; (9) the date upon which, or milestone by which, the Administration anticipates NextGen will be complete; and (10) any lessons learned during the NextGen effort, and whether, how, and to what effect those lessons have been applied. (b) INSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date on which the report required under subsection (a) is submitted, the inspector general of the Department of Transportation shall review the report and submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a statement of the inspector general that— (1) determines the accuracy of the information reported; (2) describes any concerns with the accuracy of the information reported; (3) summarizes concerns raised by the inspector general, the Government Accountability Office, and other sources with respect to the Administration’s implementation and oversight of NextGen since the date on which NextGen began; (4) describes— (A) any pertinent recommendations made by the inspector general related to the Administration’s implementation and oversight of NextGen since the date on which NextGen began; and (B) whether and how the Administration addressed the recommendations; and (5) provides any other information that the inspector general determines is appropriate. SEC. 5ll. AUTOMATIC DEPENDENT SURVEILLANCEBROADCAST. 
Section 211(b) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act (49 U.S.C. 40101 note) is repealed. The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall ensure that any regulation issued pursuant to such subsection has no force or effect. 
SEC. 5ll. YOUTH ACCESS TO AMERICAN JOBS IN AVIATION TASK FORCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall establish a Youth Access to American Jobs in Aviation Task Force (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Task Force’’). (b) DUTIES .—Not later than 12 months after its establishment under subsection (a), the Task Force shall develop and submit to the Administrator recommendations and strategies for the Administration to— (1) facilitate and encourage high school students in the United States, beginning in their junior year, to enroll in and complete career and technical education courses, including STEM, that would prepare them to enroll in a course of study related to an aviation career at an institution of higher education, including a community college or trade school; (2) facilitate and encourage the students described in paragraph (1) to enroll in a course of study related to an aviation career, including aviation manufacturing, engineering and maintenance, at an institution of higher education, including a community college or trade school; and (3) identify and develop pathways for students who complete a course of study described in paragraph (2) to secure registered apprenticeships, workforce development programs, or careers in the aviation industry of the United States. (c) CONSIDERATIONS .—When developing recommendations and strategies under subsection (b), the Task Force shall— (1) identify industry trends that encourage or discourage youth in the United States from pursuing careers in aviation; (2) consider how the Administration; air carriers; aircraft, powerplant, and avionics manufacturers; aircraft repair stations; and other aviation stakeholders can coordinate efforts to support youth in pursuing careers in aviation; (3) identify methods of enhancing aviation apprenticeships, job skills training, mentorship, education, and outreach programs that are exclusive to youth in the United States; and (4) identify potential sources of government and private sector funding, including grants and scholarships, that may be used to carry out the recommendations and strategies described in subsection (b) and to support youth in pursuing careers in aviation. (d) REPORT .—Not later than 30 days after submission of the recommendations and strategies under subsection (b), the Task Force shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure in the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report outlining such recommendations and strategies. (e) COMPOSITION OF TASKFORCE .—The Ad ministrator shall appoint members of the Task Force, including representatives from the following: (1) Air carriers. (2) Aircraft, powerplant, and avionics manufacturers. (3) Aircraft repair stations. (4) Local educational agencies or high schools. (5) Institutions of higher education, including community colleges and aviation trade schools. (6) Such other aviation and educational stakeholders and experts as the Administrator considers appropriate. (f) PERIOD OF APPOINTMENT .—Members shall be appointed to the Task Force for the duration of the existence of the Task Force. (g) COMPENSATION .—Task Force members shall serve without compensation. (h) SUNSET .—The Task Force shall terminate upon the submittal of the report pursuant to subsection (d). (i) DEFINITION OF STEM.—The term ‘‘STEM’’ means— (1) science, technology, engineering, and mathematics; and (2) other career and technical education subjects that build on the subjects described in paragraph (1). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 47134 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking the section heading and inserting ‘‘Airport investment partnership program’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘, with respect to not more than 10 airports,’’; (3) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘The Secretary may grant an exemption to a sponsor’’ and inserting ‘‘If the Secretary grants an exemption to a sponsor pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary shall grant an exemption to the sponsor’’; (4) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘The Secretary may grant an exemption to a purchaser or lessee’’ and inserting ‘‘If the Secretary grants an exemption to a sponsor pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary shall grant an exemption to the corresponding purchaser or lessee’’; (5) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) PROGRAM PARTICIPATION .— ‘‘(1) MULTIPLE AIRPORTS .—The Secretary may consider applications under this section submitted by a public airport sponsor for multiple airports under the control of the sponsor. ‘‘(2) PARTIAL PRIVATIZATION .—A purchaser or lessee may be an entity in which a sponsor has an interest.’’; and (6) by striking subsections (l) and (m) and inserting the following: ‘‘(l) PREDEVELOPMENT LIMITATION .—A grant to an airport sponsor under this subchapter for predevelopment planning costs relating to the preparation of an application or proposed application under this section may not exceed $750,000 per application or proposed application.’’. (b) AIRPORT DEVELOPMENT .—Section 47102(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(P) predevelopment planning, including financial, legal, or procurement consulting services, related to an application or proposed application for an exemption under section 47134.’’. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 47134 and inserting the following: ‘‘47134. Airport investment partnership program.’’. 
SEC. 5ll. REVIEW AND REFORM OF FAA PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF ADVISORY PANEL .— Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish an advisory panel comprising no more than 7 independent, nongovernmental experts in budget, finance, or personnel management to review and evaluate the effectiveness of the FAA’s personnel management system and performance management program for employees 
not covered by collective bargaining agreements. (b) REVIEW , EVALUATION , ANDRECOMMENDA TIONS .—The advisory panel shall, at a minimum— (1) review all appropriate FAA orders, policies, procedures, guidance, and the Human Resources Policy Manual; (2) review any applicable reports regarding FAA’s personnel management system, including reports of the Department of Transportation Office of Inspector General, Government Accountability Office, and National Academy of Public Administration, and determine the status of recommendations made in those reports; (3) review the personnel management system of any other agency or governmental entity with a similar system to the FAA for best practices with regard to personnel management; (4) assess the unique personnel authorities granted to the FAA, determine whether the FAA has taken full advantage of those authorities, and identify those authorities the FAA has not fully taken advantage of; (5) review and determine the overall effectiveness of the FAA’s compensation, bonus pay, performance metrics, and evaluation processes for employees not covered by collective bargaining agreements; (6) review whether existing performance metrics and bonus pay practices align with the FAA’s mission and significantly improve the FAA’s provision of air traffic services, implementation of air traffic control modernization initiatives, and accomplishment of other FAA operational objectives; (7) identify the highest, lowest, and average complete compensation for each position of employees not covered by collective bargaining agreements; (8) survey interested parties and stakeholders, including representatives of the aviation industry, for their views and recommendations regarding improvements to the FAA’s personnel management system and performance management program; (9) develop recommendations to address the findings of the work done pursuant to paragraphs (1) through (7), and to address views and recommendations raised by interested parties pursuant to paragraph (8); and (10) develop recommendations to improve the FAA’s personnel management system and performance management program, including the compensation, bonus pay, performance metrics, and evaluation processes, for employees not covered by collective bargaining agreements. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after initiating the review and evaluation pursuant to subsection (a), the advisory panel shall submit a report on the results of the review and evaluation and its recommendations to the Secretary, the Administrator, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. (d) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 3 months after submittal of the report pursuant to subsection (c), the Administrator shall transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report summarizing the findings of the advisory panel that— (1) contains an explanation of how the Administrator will implement the recommendations of the advisory panel and measure the effectiveness of the recommendations; and (2) specifies any recommendations that the Administrator will not implement and the reasons for not implementing such recommendations. (e) AUTHORITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator has the authority to put in place any recommendations of the advisory panel. (f) SUNSET .—The advisory panel shall terminate on the date that is 60 days after the transmittal of the report pursuant to subsection (d). (g) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘FAA’’ means the Federal Aviation Administration. 
Section 2306(b) of the FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act of 2016 (Public Law 114– 190; 130 Stat. 641) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 44507 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking the section heading and inserting ‘‘Regions and centers’’; (2) by striking ‘‘The Civil Aeromedical Institute’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) CIVIL AEROMEDICAL INSTITUTE .—The Civil Aeromedical Institute’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) WILLIAM J. H UGHES TECHNICAL CENTER.—The Secretary of Transportation shall define the roles and responsibilities of the William J. Hughes Technical Center in a manner that is consistent with the defined roles and responsibilities of the Civil Aeromedical Institute under subsection (a).’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 445 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 44507 and inserting the following: ‘‘44507. Regions and centers.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the manager’s amendment. A vote for this amendment is a vote for positive change. A vote against it would be a real missed opportunity to make the bill better. This amendment enhances the training of flight attendants so they are better equipped to deal with sexual misconduct. It also establishes working groups to develop best practices on how to address sexual misconduct on flights and improve airline employee training. The amendment addresses an issue which is important to the traveling public and our constituents, and to each of us, in a thoughtful and respectful way. The amendment adds to the provisions included in H.R. 4 to improve the air travel experience of disabled Americans. It establishes an Airline Passengers with Disabilities Bill of Rights to clarify the rights of passengers with disabilities and the responsibilities of airlines and airports. The amendment also strengthens the civil penalties for violations that involve injury to a passenger with a disability or damage to a passenger’s wheelchair or other mobility aid. Finally, the amendment will make it better for both passengers and service animals by harmonizing standards. This will provide muchneeded clarity in an area where there is real confusion. We worked closely with organizations representing persons with disabilities, as well as with the airline industry, and I want to thank all those who were willing to come to the table to make those improvements. Last week, we witnessed a tragedy when an engine exploded in midair, killing a passenger. A far bigger tragedy was averted thanks again to the professionalism of the flight crew and to the pilot, which I talked about earlier. The same airline experienced a similar incident 2 years ago, and while the FAA and industry have begun inspections, we must ensure that the airline engine safety is thoroughly assessed, and this amendment mandates a call to action to bring relevant people together to examine and address any risk associated with airline engines. The amendment also requires a deep dive study of general aviation. This sector of aviation has the highest number of accidents, injuries, and fatalities. While general aviation safety has improved in recent years, in fiscal year 2016, there were still 213 fatal accidents and 379 fatalities. We must improve the safety of the general aviation community. They share the skies with other airspace users and operate above our neighborhoods. We can and must do better. Again, the amendment also provides for the direction on how the FAA should spend the additional general fund, operations, airport infrastructure, and F&E money in 2019 and thereafter. It also revises the FAA authorization levels to reflect the updated CBO baselines for fiscal year 2018. In response to the drone sightings around airports, the amendment makes counterdrone systems AIP eligible. It makes improvement to the Airport Investment Partnership Program so that we can leverage private sector money for our airport infrastructure needs. There are some good government reforms in here. The amendment repeals a costly mandate for aircraft avionics that have not yet proven to be beneficial. This will relieve a future burden on aircraft operators. The amendment would bring certain FAA processes into the digital age and review agency practices. Some other important changes are: The amendment authorizes expenditures for commercial space transportation activities of the FAA; It also requires better intraFAA coordination on commercial space transportation’s use of the national airspace and addresses the industry’s support aircraft; Commercial space transportation operators, like other users of the airspace, must coordinate and follow instructions of air traffic controllers; Air traffic controllers keep us moving safely across this country, but they 
also work in faroff places, including Guam. This amendment requires the FAA workers to work with the Department of Defense so that these folks and their families can get good medical care on the island of Guam; Finally, the amendment establishes the Youth in Aviation Task Force to attract young people to aviation jobs. This is critical to ensure that our aviation system prospers in the years ahead. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is a good amendment, it has bipartisan support and will improve the underlying bill. I urge all Members to support the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I certainly support the amendment offered by the gentleman. He listed a number of provisions. I don’t want to be repetitive, but I think the call to action regarding uncontained airliner engine failures is critical. That is actually the second uncontained failure of that engine with Southwest Airlines in 18 months, which means that somewhere turbine blades are not a lifelimited part. There is something amiss in the manufacturing process, and we need to get to the bottom of that. We also need to be sure that the proper testing is being done to ensure their integrity as the planes continue to fly. It also has some language regarding incidents of sexual misconduct on flights I support, but I am preparing and will offer a broader standalone provision bill on that subject in the near future. It modestly increases funding levels for aviation programs and includes a $1 billion annual infusion from the general fund for certain AIP projects, principally for small airports in rural communities. This falls far short of meeting the needs of all airports and all the gates and terminal work we need, as I mentioned earlier in discussing the lack of a PFC in this bill. Finally, it creates a newly named position in the FAA, that would be chief technology officer. Currently, the department administrator acts as the chief technology officer. So I am not quite certain what that accomplishes, but I will certainly look forward to monitoring that position and the progress and reports on NextGen that that person produces in the near future. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Highways and Transit, our general aviation pilot. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for his work on putting together a longterm bill. Mr. Chairman, one of the priorities which was included in the manager’s amendment is a program to invest in our small airports. As part of the increased investment in transportation programs that was provided in the fiscal year 2018 omnibus, we provided an additional $1 billion to the FAA in discretionary grants to small airports. Now airports across the country are going to have the opportunity to compete for additional dollars to carry out the larger projects. We also have some very important accountability measures. As such, we are asking to review all the FAA’s efforts to date on NextGen. This is pure and simple accountability to ensure our tax dollars are being spent to execute the important goals of NextGen. Mr. Chairman, I ask all of my colleagues to support the manager’s amendment, obviously, and the underlying bill. This is a good bill. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ), a member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I thank the leadership of this committee for their work. Mr. Chairman, I rise to support the en bloc amendment, and I wanted to specifically mention a provision that is very important to the folks who are in Palm Beach County and also Bedminster, New Jersey, which is this constituency of Mr. LANCE . Mr. Chairman, regardless of what your political ideology is, it is very important for the President to be safe whenever he travels, and this often results in travel restrictions in the locality he visits. In terms of my locality, Palm Beach County, Florida, Mr. Trump has spent 70 days this year at MaraLago, dubbed as the winter White House. But here is what happens when he visits a small business operating airport called Lantana Airport, which is 10 miles from MaraLago: It is completely shut down, which means basically there is a lot of lost income. It is estimated almost $1 million a year. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chairman, if you translate that out, that would be $4 million. As I said, the President’s safety is paramount, and the impact to the local business is a problem. So there is a provision in this amendment that requires the FAA to study the economic impact of flight restrictions, which I think is a good thing, and to analyze the possibilities of some other options. Mr. Chairman, again, I do support this amendment. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. GOSAR ) assumed the chair. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 2758. An act to amend title 36, United States Code, to provide for the display of the National League of Families POW/MIA flag at the World War I Memorials. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Committee will resume its sitting. 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 The Committee resumed its sitting. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 839, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. PALMER ). The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 1 consisting of amendment Nos. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 14, 15, 16, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, and 30 printed in part A of House Report 115–650, offered by Mr. SHUSTER of Pennsylvania: 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . LEWIS OF  
GEORGIA  Page 11, after line 7, insert the following: 
SEC. 1ll. USE OF FUNDS FROM PASSENGER FACILITY CHARGES TO PREVENT POWER OUTAGES. 
Section 40117(a)(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) An onairport project to purchase and install generators to prevent power outages in passenger areas of the airport, to separate an airport’s redundant power supply and its main power supply, or for any other onairport project to prevent power outages or damage to the airport’s power supply.’’. Page 32, after line 9, insert the following: 
SEC. 1ll. USE OF AIRPORT IMPROVEMENT FUNDS TO PREVENT POWER OUTAGES. 
Section 47102(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(P) an onairport project to purchase and install generators to prevent power outages in the passenger areas of the airport, separate an airport’s redundant power supply and its main power supply, or prevent power outages in the airport or damage to the airport’s power supply.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO OF  
FLORIDA  Page 12, line 23, insert ‘‘a sink or sanitizing equipment,’’ after ‘‘surface,’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MRS . WATSON  
COLEMAN OF NEW JERSEY  Page 13, line 19, strike ‘‘building.’’ and insert ‘‘building and will maintain a baby 
changing table in 1 men’s and 1 women’s restroom in each passenger terminal building of the airport.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MRS . MCMORRIS  
RODGERS OF WASHINGTON  Page 25, strike lines 13 through 18 and insert the following: (2) EXEMPTION .—Section 47124(b)(3)(D) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Airports with air service under part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, and more than 25,000 passenger enplanements in calendar year 2014 shall be exempt from any cost share requirement under this subparagraph.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . WESTERMAN  
OF ARKANSAS  Page 32, after line 9, insert the following: 
Section 47107(a)(17) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘each contract’’ and inserting ‘‘if any phase of such project has received funds under this subchapter, each contract’’. 
KRISHNAMOORTHI OF ILLINOIS  Page 37, line 1, insert ‘‘
HEALTH ’’. Page 38, line 5, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. Page 38, line 12, strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 38, after line 12, insert the following: (5) consider the economic harm or benefits to businesses located party or wholly underneath flight paths most frequently used by aircraft flying at an altitude lower than 10,000 feet, including during takeoff or landing. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MS . JAYAPAL OF  
WASHINGTON  Page 37, line 23, strike ‘‘or’’ at the end. Page 37, after line 23, insert the following (and redesignate the subsequent subparagraph accordingly): (H) Seattle; or 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI OF  
ILLINOIS  At the end of subtitle C of title I, add the following: 
Section 47116(d) of title 49, United States Code, is amended adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) CONTROL TOWER CONSTRUCTION .—Not withstanding any provision of section 47124(b)(4)(A), the Secretary may provide grants under this section to an airport sponsor for the construction or improvement of a nonapproach control tower, as defined by the Secretary, and for the acquisition and installation of air traffic control, communications, and related equipment to be used in that tower. Such grants shall be subject to the distribution requirements of subsection (b) and the eligibility requirements of section 47124(b)(4)(B).’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
NEBRASKA  At the end of subtitle C of title I, add the following: 
Section 47114(c)(1) is amended by striking subparagraph (F) and inserting the following: ‘‘(F) SPECIAL RULE FOR FISCAL YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2020 .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A) and subject to subparagraph (G), the Secretary shall apportion to a sponsor of an airport under that subparagraph for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2020 an amount based on the number of passenger boardings at the airport during calendar year 2012 if the airport— ‘‘(i) had 10,000 or more passenger boardings during calendar year 2012; ‘‘(ii) had fewer than 10,000 passenger boardings during the calendar year used to calculate the apportionment for fiscal year 2018, 2019, or 2020, as applicable, under subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(iii) had scheduled air service at any point in the calendar year used to calculate the apportionment.’’. AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MRS . TORRES  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 42, line 17, insert the following: (k) AUTHORIZATION FOR THE TRANSFER OF  FUNDS FROMDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration may accept funds from the Secretary of Defense to increase the authorized funding for this section by the amount of such transfer only to carry out projects designed for environmental mitigation at a site previously, but not currently, managed by the Department of Defense. (2) ADDITIONAL GRANTEES .—If additional funds are made available by the Secretary of Defense under paragraph (1), the Administrator may increase the number of grantees under subsection (a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . TED LIEU  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 46, after line 22, insert the following: 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Transportation shall enter into appropriate arrangements with the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine under which the National Research Council will conduct a study and develop a report on aviation gasoline. (b) CONTENTS .—The study shall include an assessment of— (1) existing nonleaded fuel alternatives to the aviation gasoline used by pistonpowered general aviation aircraft; (2) ambient Pb concentrations at and around airports where pistonpowered general aviation aircraft are used; and (3) mitigation measures to reduce ambient Pb concentrations, including increasing the size of runup areas, relocating runup areas, imposing restrictions on aircraft using aviation gasoline, and increasing the use of motor gasoline in pistonpowered general aviation aircraft. (c) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress the report developed by the National Research Council pursuant to this section. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MS . MENG OF  
NEW YORK  Page 46, after line 22, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. AIRCRAFT NOISE, EMISSION, AND FUEL BURN REDUCTION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Transportation may carry out an aircraft noise, emission, and fuel burn reduction research and development program. (b) ELEMENTS .—In carrying out the program under subsection (a), the Secretary may— (1) support efforts to accelerate the development of new aircraft, engine technologies, and jet fuels; (2) pursue lighter and more efficient turbine engine components, advanced aircraft wing designs, fuselage structures for innovative aircraft architectures, and smart aircraft and engine control systems; and (3) partner with private industry to accomplish the goals of the program. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MS . BASS OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of title I, insert the following: SEC. 1ll. TERMINAL SEQUENCING AND SPACING. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall report to the appropriate committees of Congress on the status of Terminal Sequencing and Spacing (TSAS) implementation across all completed NextGen Metroplexes with specific information provided by airline regarding the adoption and equipping of aircraft and the training of pilots in its use. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MS . SPEIER OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of title I of the bill, add the following: 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on— (1) while maintaining safety as the top priority, whether air traffic controllers and airspace designers are trained on noise and health impact mitigation in addition to efficiency; and (2) the prevalence of vectoring flights due to overcrowded departure and arrival paths and alternatives to this practice. (b) REPORT .—The Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the study. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MS . MCSALLY  
OF ARIZONA  Page 51, after line 24, insert the following: (x) Airport owners and operators. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE OF  
MICHIGAN  At the end of subtitle A of title II, insert the following: 
Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the FAA, using the latest version of National Fire Protection Association 403, ‘‘Standard for Aircraft Rescue and FireFighting Services at Airports’’, and in coordination with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, aircraft manufacturers and airports, shall not require the use of fluorinated chemicals to meet the performance standards referenced in chapter 6 of AC No: 150/5210–6D and acceptable under 139.319(l) of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . ESTES OF  
KANSAS  Page 72, line 20, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 72, after line 20, insert the following: (H) aircraft manufacturers; and Page 72, line 21, strike ‘‘(H)’’ and insert ‘‘(I)’’. Page 73, after line 7, insert the following: (4) ensuring adequate and timely provision of Flight Standards activities and responses necessary for type certification, operational evaluation, and entry into service of newly manufactured aircraft; Page 73, line 8, strike ‘‘(4)’’ and insert ‘‘(5)’’. Page 73, line 10, strike ‘‘(5)’’ and insert ‘‘(6)’’. Page 73, lines 13 through 14, strike ‘‘the date of enactment of this Act’’ and insert ‘‘the date of the establishment of the Task Force’’. Page 73, lines 23 through 24, strike ‘‘action or costeffective legislative action’’ and insert ‘‘, policy, or costeffective legislative action to improve the efficiency of agency activities’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO OF  
FLORIDA  Page 104, line 10, insert ‘‘and pregnant women’’ after ‘‘children’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING OF  
MASSACHUSETTS  Page 109, after line 15, insert the following: (a) WORKFORCE READINESS .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall coordinate with government, educational institutions, labor organizations representing aviation maintenance workers, and businesses to develop guidance or model curricula for aviation maintenance technician schools certificated under part 147 of title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations to ensure workforce readiness for industry needs, including curricula related to training in avionics, troubleshooting, and other areas of industry needs. (1) Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall publish the guidance or model curricula. (2) The Administrator shall publish updates to the guidance or model curricula at least once every 2 years from the date of initial publication. Page 109, line 16, strike ‘‘(a)’’ and insert ‘‘(b)’’. Page 109, line 19, strike ‘‘(b)’’ and insert ‘‘(c)’’. Page 110, line 18, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 110, line 22, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 110, after line 22, insert the following: (7) develop recommendations for addressing the needs for government funding, private investment, equipment for training purposes, and other resources necessary to strengthen existing training programs or develop new training programs to support workforce growth in the aviation industry. Page 110, line 23, strike ‘‘(c)’’ and insert ‘‘(d)’’. Page 111, line 4, strike ‘‘(d)’’ and insert ‘‘(e)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . LONG OF  
MISSOURI  At the end of subtitle A of title III, insert the following: 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall conduct a review of current safety procedures regarding unoccupied exit rows on a covered aircraft in passenger air transportation during all stages of flight. (b) CONSULTATION .—In carrying out the review, the Administrator shall consult with air carriers, aviation manufacturers, and labor stakeholders. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the review. (d) COVERED AIRCRAFT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered aircraft’’ means an aircraft operating under part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . CRIST OF  
FLORIDA  Page 112, after line 12, insert the following: 
SEC. 319. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT ON FAA ENFORCEMENT POLICY. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete a study, and report to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the United States Senate on the results thereof, on the effectiveness of Order 8000.373, Federal Aviation Administration Compliance Philosophy, announced on June 26, 2015. Such study shall include information about— (1) whether reports of safety incidents increased following the order; (2) whether reduced enforcement penalties increased the overall number of safety incidents that occurred; and (3) whether FAA enforcement staff registered complaints about reduced enforcement reducing compliance with safety regulations. AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . SANFORD  
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  At the end of title III, add the following: 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law relating to the incorporation of unmanned aircraft systems into Federal Aviation Administration plans and policies, including this subtitle, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration may not promulgate any rule or regulation regarding a model aircraft or an aircraft being developed as a model aircraft; except for— (1) rules regarding the registration of certain model aircraft pursuant to section 44103; and (2) rules regarding unmanned aircraft that by design provide advanced flight capabilities enabling active, sustained, and controlled navigation of the aircraft beyond the visual line of sight of the operator, if— (A) the aircraft is flown strictly for hobby or recreational use; (B) the model aircraft operator is a current member of a communitybased organization and whose aircraft is operated in accordance with the organization’s safety rules; (C) the aircraft is limited to not more than 55 pounds unless otherwise certified through a design, construction, inspection, flight test, and operational safety program administered by a communitybased organization; (D) the aircraft is operated in a manner that does not interfere with and gives way to any manned aircraft; (E) the aircraft is not operated over or within the property of a fixed site facility that operates amusement rides available for use by the general public or the property extending 500 lateral feet beyond the perimeter of such facility unless the operation is authorized by the owner of the amusement facility; and (F) when flown within 3 miles of an airport, the operator of the aircraft provides the airport operator and the airport air traffic control tower (when an air traffic facility is located at the airport) with prior notice of the operation (model aircraft operators flying from a permanent location within 3 miles of an airport should establish a mutually agreed upon operating procedure with the airport operator and the airport air traffic control tower (when an air traffic facility is located at the airport)). (b) AUTOMATED INSTANT AUTHORIZATION .— When the FAA has established a fully operational and functional automated instant authorization and notification system, the model aircraft operator shall use this system for access to controlled airspace unless flown at a permanent location made known to the Administrator (model aircraft operators flying from a permanent location should establish a mutually agreed upon operating procedure with the airport operator and the airport air traffic control tower (when an air traffic facility is located at the airport)). (c) COMMERCIAL OPERATION FOR INSTRUC TIONAL OR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES .—A flight of an unmanned aircraft shall be treated as a flight of a model aircraft for purposes of subsection (a) (regardless of any compensation, reimbursement, or other consideration exchanged or incidental economic benefit gained in the course of planning, operating, or supervising the flight), if the flight is— (1) conducted for instructional or educational purposes; and (2) operated or supervised by a member of a communitybased organization recognized pursuant to subsection (e). (d) STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to limit the authority of the Administrator to pursue enforcement action against persons operating model aircraft who endanger the safety of the national airspace system. (e) COMMUNITY BASED ORGANIZATION DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘communitybased organization’’ means a nationwide membershipbased associationn entity that— (1) is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; (2) is exempt from tax under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; (3) the mission of which is demonstrably the furtherance of model aviation; (4) provides a comprehensive set of safety guidelines for all aspects of model aviation addressing the assembly and operation of model aircraft and that emphasize safe aeromodeling operations within the national airspace system and the protection and safety of individuals and property on the ground, and may provide a comprehensive set of safety rules and programming for the operation of unmanned aircraft that have the advanced flight capabilities enabling active, sustained, and controlled navigation of the aircraft beyond visual line of sight of the operator; (5) provides programming and support for any local charter organizations, affiliates, or clubs; and (6) provides assistance and support in the development and operation of locally designated model aircraft flying sites. (f) RECOGNITION OF COMMUNITY BASED ORGANIZATIONS .—In collaboration with aeromodelling stakeholders, the Administrator shall publish an advisory circular within 180 days of enactment that identifies the criteria and process required for recognition of nationwide communitybased organizations. This recognition shall be in the form of a memorandum of agreement between the FAA and each communitybased organization and does not require regulatory action to implement. (g) EFFECTIVE DATE.—Except for rules to implement remote identification for unmanned aircraft that by design provide advanced flight capabilities enabling active, sustained, and controlled navigation of the aircraft beyond the visual line of sight of the operator and for rules regarding the registration of certain model aircraft pursuant to section 44103, this section shall become effective when the rule, referred to in section 532 of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, regarding revisions to part 107 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, becomes final. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall issue rules and regulations relating to small UAS flown for recreational or educational use, and that are not operated within all of the criteria outlined in the special rule for model aircraft in section 45505 of title 49, United States Code, or the requirements of part 107 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) REGULATORY AUTHORITY .—When issuing the rules and regulation pursuant to this section, the Administrator shall— (1) require the completion of an online or electronic educational tutorial that is focused on knowledge of the primary rules necessary for the safe operation of such UAS and whose completion time is of reasonable length and limited duration; 
(2) include provisions that enable the operation of such UAS by individuals under the age of 16 without a certificated pilot; (3) require UAS operators within Class B, C, D and E airspace to obtain authorization, as the Administrator may determine to be necessary within that airspace, but only after a near instantaneous automated airspace authorization capability is available for the airspace in which the operator wants o operate; and (4) include provisions that provide specific operational rules for UAS operating in close proximity to airports in class G airspace. (c) MAINTAINING BROAD ACCESS TO UAS TECHNOLOGY .—When issuing rules or regulations for the operation of UAS under this section, the Administrator shall not— (1) require the pilot or operator of the UAS to obtain or hold an airman certificate; (2) require a practical flight examination, medical examination, or the completion of a flight training program; (3) limit such UAS operations to predesignated fixed locations or uncontrolled airspace; or (4) require airworthiness certification of any UAS operated pursuant to this section. (d) COLLABORATION .—The Administrator shall carry out this section in collaboration with industry and communitybased organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . DEFAZIO OF  
OREGON  Page 138, strike line 1 and all that follows through line 9 on page 141 and insert the following (and update the table of contents accordingly): ‘‘§ 45509. Exception for limited recreational operations of unmanned aircraft ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (e), and notwithstanding chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, a person may operate a small unmanned aircraft without specific certification or operating authority from the Federal Aviation Administration if the operation adheres to all of the following limitations: ‘‘(1) The aircraft is flown strictly for recreational purposes. ‘‘(2) The aircraft is operated in accordance with or within the programming of a communitybased set of safety guidelines that conform with published Federal Aviation Administration advisory materials. ‘‘(3) The aircraft is flown within the visual line of sight of the person operating the aircraft or a visual observer colocated and in direct communication with the operator. ‘‘(4) The aircraft is operated in a manner that does not interfere with and gives way to any manned aircraft. ‘‘(5) In Class B, Class C, or Class D airspace or within the lateral boundaries of the surface area of Class E airspace designated for an airport, the operator obtains prior authorization from the Administrator or designee before operating and complies with all airspace restrictions and prohibitions. ‘‘(6) In Class G airspace, the aircraft is flown from the surface to not more than 400 feet above ground level and complies with all airspace restrictions and prohibitions. ‘‘(7) The operator has passed an aeronautical knowledge and safety test described in subsection (g) and administered by the Federal Aviation Administration online for the operation of unmanned aircraft systems and maintains proof of test passage to be made available to the Administrator or law enforcement upon request. ‘‘(8) The aircraft is registered and marked in accordance with chapter 441 of this title and proof of registration is made available to the Administrator or a designee of the Administrator or law enforcement upon request. ‘‘(b) OTHER OPERATIONS .—Unmanned aircraft operations that do not conform to the limitations in subsection (a) must comply with all statutes and regulations generally applicable to unmanned aircraft and unmanned aircraft systems. ‘‘(c) OPERATIONS AT FIXED SITES.— ‘‘(1) OPERATING PROCEDURE REQUIRED .—Per sons operating unmanned aircraft under subsection (a) from a fixed site within Class B, Class C, or Class D airspace or within the lateral boundaries of the surface area of Class E airspace designated for an airport, or a communitybased organization conducting a sanctioned event within such airspace, shall establish a mutually agreed upon operating procedure with the air traffic control facility. ‘‘(2) UNMANNED AIRCRAFT WEIGHING MORE  
THAN 55 POUNDS .—A person may operate an unmanned aircraft weighing more than 55 pounds, including the weight of anything attached to or carried by the aircraft, under subsection (a) if— ‘‘(A) the unmanned aircraft complies with standards and limitations developed by a communitybased organization and approved by the Administrator; and ‘‘(B) the aircraft is operated from a fixed site as described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(d) UPDATES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Administrator, in consultation with government and industry stakeholders, including communitybased organizations, shall initiate a process to periodically update the operational parameters under subsection (a), as appropriate. ‘‘(2) CONSIDERATIONS .—In updating an operational parameter under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall consider— ‘‘(A) appropriate operational limitations to mitigate risks to aviation safety and national security, including risk to the uninvolved public and critical infrastructure; ‘‘(B) operations outside the membership, guidelines, and programming of a communitybased organization; ‘‘(C) physical characteristics, technical standards, and classes of aircraft operating under this section; ‘‘(D) trends in use, enforcement, or incidents involving unmanned aircraft systems; ‘‘(E) ensuring, to the greatest extent practicable, that updates to the operational parameters correspond to, and leverage, advances in technology; and ‘‘(F) equipage requirements that facilitate safe, efficient, and secure operations and further integrate all unmanned aircraft into the National Airspace System. ‘‘(3) SAVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed as expanding the authority of the Administrator to require a person operating an unmanned aircraft under this section to seek permissive authority of the Administrator, beyond that required in subsection (a) of this section, prior to operation in the National Airspace System. ‘‘(e) STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the authority of the Administrator to pursue an enforcement action against a person operating any unmanned aircraft who endangers the safety of the National Airspace System. ‘‘(f) EXCEPTIONS .—Nothing in this section prohibits the Administrator from promulgating rules generally applicable to unmanned aircraft, including those unmanned aircraft eligible for the exception set forth in this section, relating to— ‘‘(1) updates to the operational parameters for unmanned aircraft in subsection (a); ‘‘(2) the registration and marking of unmanned aircraft; ‘‘(3) the standards for remotely identifying owners and operators of unmanned aircraft systems and associated unmanned aircraft; and ‘‘(4) other standards consistent with maintaining the safety and security of the National Airspace System. ‘‘(g) AERONAUTICAL KNOWLEDGE AND SAFETYTEST.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator, in consultation with manufacturers of unmanned aircraft systems, other industry stakeholders, and communitybased aviation organizations, shall develop an aeronautical knowledge and safety test that can be administered electronically. ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS .—The Administrator shall ensure the aeronautical knowledge and safety test is designed to adequately demonstrate an operator’s— ‘‘(A) understanding of aeronautical safety knowledge; and ‘‘(B) knowledge of Federal Aviation Administration regulations and requirements pertaining to the operation of an unmanned aircraft system in the National Airspace System.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MS . HANABUSA  
OF HAWAII  Page 157, line 2, strike the semicolon and insert ‘‘, including during emergency situations that may threaten public safety;’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . LEWIS OF  
MINNESOTA  Page 161, after line 22, insert the following: 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Transportation may establish a pilot program to enable enhanced drone operations as required in the October 25, 2017 Presidential Memorandum entitled ‘‘Unmanned Aircraft Systems Integration Pilot Program’’ and described in 82 Federal Register 50301. (b) APPLICATIONS .—The Secretary shall accept applications from State, local, and Tribal governments, in partnership with unmanned aircraft system operators and other privatesector stakeholders, to test and evaluate the integration of civil and public UAS operations into the lowaltitude national airspace system. (c) OBJECTIVES .—The purpose of the pilot program is to accelerate existing UAS integration plans by working to solve technical, regulatory, and policy challenges, while enabling advanced UAS operations in select areas subject to ongoing safety oversight and cooperation between the Federal Government and applicable State, local, or Tribal jurisdictions, in order to— (1) accelerate the safe integration of UAS into the NAS by testing and validating new concepts of beyond visual line of sight operations in a controlled environment, focusing on detect and avoid technologies, command and control links, navigation, weather, and human factors; (2) address ongoing concerns regarding the potential security and safety risks associated with UAS operating in close proximity to human beings and critical infrastructure by ensuring that operators communicate more effectively with Federal, State, local, and Tribal law enforcement to enable law enforcement to determine if a UAS operation poses such a risk; (3) promote innovation in and development of the United States unmanned aviation industry, especially in sectors such as agriculture, emergency management, inspection, and transportation safety, in which there are significant public benefits to be gained from the deployment of UAS; and (4) identify the most effective models of balancing local and national interests in UAS integration. 
(d) A PPLICATION SUBMISSION .—The Secretary shall establish application requirements and require applicants to include the following information: (1) Identification of the airspace to be used, including shape files and altitudes. (2) Description of the types of planned operations. (3) Identification of stakeholder partners to test and evaluate planned operations. (4) Identification of available infrastructure to support planned operations. (5) Description of experience with UAS operations and regulations. (6) Description of existing UAS operator and any other stakeholder partnerships and experience. (7) Description of plans to address safety, security, competition, privacy concerns, and community outreach. (e) REASONABLE TIME, MANNER , ANDPLACE  LIMITATIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .— (A) REQUESTS .—The Lead Applicant may request reasonable time, place and manner limitations on lowaltitude UAS operations within its jurisdiction to facilitate the proposed development and testing of new and innovative UAS concepts of operations in addition to other selection criteria. (B) SELFIMPLEMENTING PROVISIONS .—The Secretary shall require jurisdictions to ensure that any time, place and manner limitations, including those adopted through means such as legislation or regulation, include selfimplementing provisions that automatically terminate those restrictions upon the termination of the Memorandum of Agreement. (C) MONITORING AND ENFORCEMENT .— (i) IN GENERAL .—Monitoring and enforcement of any limitations enacted pursuant to this pilot project shall be the responsibility of the jurisdiction. (ii) SAVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in clause (i) may be construed to prevent the Secretary from enforcing Federal law. (2) EXAMPLES .—Examples of reasonable time, manner, and place limitations may include— (A) prohibiting flight during specified morning and evening rush hours or only permitting flight during specified hours such as daylight hours, sufficient to ensure reasonable airspace access; (B) establishing designated takeoff and landing zones, limiting operations over moving locations or fixed site public road and parks, sidewalks or private property based on zoning density, or other land use considerations; (C) requiring notice to public safety or zoning or land use authorities before operating; (D) limiting UAS operations within designated altitudes within airspace over the jurisdiction; (E) specifying maximum speed of flight over specified areas; (F) prohibiting operations in connection with community or sporting events that do not remain in one place (for example, parades and running events); and (G) mandating equipage. (f) SELECTION CRITERIA .—In making determinations, the Secretary shall evaluate whether applications meet or exceed the following criteria: (1) Overall economic, geographic, and climatic diversity of the selected jurisdictions. (2) Overall diversity of the proposed models of government involvement. (3) Overall diversity of the UAS operations to be conducted. (4) The location of critical infrastructure. (5) The involvement of commercial entities in the proposal and their ability to advance objectives that may serve the public interest as a result of further integration of UAS into the NAS. (6) The involvement of affected communities in, and their support for, participating in the pilot program. (7) The commitment of the governments and UAS operators involved in the proposal to comply with requirements related to national defense, homeland security, and public safety and to address competition, privacy, and civil liberties concerns. (8) The commitment of the governments and UAS operators involved in the proposal to achieve the following policy objectives: (A) Promoting innovation and economic development. (B) Enhancing transportation safety. (C) Enhancing workplace safety. (D) Improving emergency response and search and rescue functions. (E) Using radio spectrum efficiently and competitively. (g) IMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall use the data collected and experience gained over the course of this pilot program to— (1) identify and resolve technical challenges to UAS integration; (2) address airspace use to safely and efficiently integrate all aircraft; (3) inform operational standards and procedures to improve safety (for example, detect and avoid capabilities, navigation and altitude performance, and command and control link); (4) inform FAA standards that reduce the need for waivers (for example, for operations over human beings, night operations, and beyond visual line of sight); and (5) address competing interests regarding UAS operational expansion, safety, security, roles and responsibilities of nonFederal Government entities, and privacy issues. (h) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘Lead Applicant’’ means an eligible State, local or Tribal government that has submitted a timely application. (2) The term ‘‘NAS’’ means the lowaltitude national airspace system. (3) The term ‘‘UAS’’ means unmanned aircraft system. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . SCHIFF OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle B of title III, insert the following: 
(a) UAS S AFETY ENFORCEMENT .—The Ad ministrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall establish a program to utilize available remote detection and identification technologies for safety oversight, including enforcement actions against operators of unmanned aircraft systems that are not in compliance with applicable Federal aviation laws, including regulations. (b) REPORTING .—As part of the program, the Administrator shall establish and publicize a mechanism for the public and Federal, State, and local law enforcement to report suspected operation of unmanned aircraft in violation of applicable Federal laws and regulations. (c) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, and annually thereafter, the Administrator shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the following: (1) The number of unauthorized unmanned aircraft operations detected in restricted airspace, including in and around airports, together with a description of such operations. (2) The number of enforcement cases brought by the Federal Aviation Administration or other Federal agencies for unauthorized operation of unmanned aircraft detected through the program, together with a description of such cases. (3) Recommendations for safety and operational standards for unmanned aircraft detection and mitigation systems. (4) Recommendations for any legislative or regulatory changes related to mitigation or detection or identification of unmanned aircraft systems. AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
OF WISCONSIN  At the end of subtitle B of title III of the bill, add the following: 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall issue such regulations as are necessary to authorize the use of certain actively tethered public unmanned aircraft system by government public safety agencies without any requirement to obtain a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or other approval by the Federal Aviation Administration. (b) REQUIREMENTS .—The regulations issued pursuant to subsection (a) shall establish riskbased operational conditions for operation of actively tethered public unmanned aircraft systems by government public safety agencies that recognize and accommodate the unique operational circumstances of such systems, including the requirements that the aircraft component may only be operated— (1) within the line of sight of the operator; (2) less than 200 feet above the ground; (3) within class G airspace; and (4) at least 5 statute miles from the geographic center of a towercontroller airport or airport denoted on a current aeronautical chart published by the Federal Aviation Administration, except that an actively tethered public unmanned aircraft system may be operated closer than 5 statute miles to the airport if— (A) the operator of the actively tethered public unmanned aircraft system provides prior notice to the airport operator and receives, for a towercontrolled airport, prior approval from the air traffic control facilitate located at the airport; or (B) the exigent circumstances of an emergency prevent the giving of notice contemplated by clause (i) and the actively tethered public unmanned aircraft system is operated outside the flight path of any manned aircraft. (c) DEFINITION OF ACTIVELY TETHERED PUBLICUNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘actively tethered public unmanned aircraft system’’ means public unmanned aircraft system in which the unmanned aircraft component— (1) weighs 4.4 pounds or less, including payload; (2) is physically attached to a ground station with a taut, appropriately loadrated tether that provides continuous power to the unmanned aircraft; and (3) is capable of being controlled and retrieved by such ground station through physical manipulation of the tether. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. G OSAR ). Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that amendment No. 25 be modified by the form I have placed at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the modification. The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment No. 25 printed in part A of House Report No. 115–650 offered by Mr. SANFORD of South Carolina: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted, insert the following: The amendment is modified as follows: At the end of title III, add the following: 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law relating to the incorporation of unmanned aircraft systems into Federal Aviation Administration plans and policies, including this subtitle, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration may not promulgate any rule or regulation regarding a model aircraft or an aircraft being developed as a model aircraft, except for— (1) rules regarding the registration of certain model aircraft pursuant to section 44103; and (2) rules regarding unmanned aircraft that by design provide advanced flight capabilities enabling active, sustained, and controlled navigation of the aircraft beyond the visual line of sight of the operator, if— (A) the aircraft is flown strictly for hobby or recreational use; (B) the model aircraft operator is a current member of a communitybased organization and whose aircraft is operated in accordance with the organization’s safety rules; (C) the aircraft is limited to not more than 55 pounds unless otherwise certified through a design, construction, inspection, flight test, and operational safety program administered by a communitybased organization; (D) the aircraft is operated in a manner that does not interfere with and gives way to any manned aircraft; (E) the aircraft is not operated over or within the property of a fixed site facility that operates amusement rides available for use by the general public or the property extending 500 lateral feet beyond the perimeter of such facility unless the operation is authorized by the owner of the amusement facility; and (F) when flown within 5 miles of an airport, the operator of the aircraft provides the airport operator and the airport air traffic control tower (when an air traffic facility is located at the airport) with prior notice of the operation (model aircraft operators flying from a permanent location within 5 miles of an airport should establish a mutually agreed upon operating procedure with the airport operator and the airport air traffic control tower (when an air traffic facility is located at the airport)). (b) AUTOMATED INSTANT AUTHORIZATION .— When the FAA has developed and implemented an automated airspace authorization system for the airspace in which the operator wants to operate, the model aircraft operator shall use this system for authorization to controlled airspace unless flown— (1) at a permanent location agreed to by the Administrator; and (2) in accordance with a mutually agreed upon operating procedure established with the airport operator and the airport air traffic control tower (when an air traffic facility is located at the airport). (d) COMMERCIAL OPERATION FOR INSTRUC TIONAL OR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES .—A flight of an unmanned aircraft shall be treated as a flight of a model aircraft for purposes of subsection (a) (regardless of any compensation, reimbursement, or other consideration exchanged or incidental economic benefit gained in the course of planning, operating, or supervising the flight), if the flight is— (1) conducted for instructional or educational purposes; and (2) operated or supervised by a member of a communitybased organization recognized pursuant to subsection (e). (e) STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to limit the authority of the Administrator to pursue enforcement action against persons operating model aircraft who endanger the safety of the national airspace system. (f) COMMUNITY BASED ORGANIZATION DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘communitybased organization’’ means a nationwide membershipbased association entity that— (1) is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; (2) is exempt from tax under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; (3) the mission of which is demonstrably the furtherance of model aviation; (4) provides a comprehensive set of safety guidelines for all aspects of model aviation addressing the assembly and operation of model aircraft and that emphasize safe aeromodeling operations within the national airspace system and the protection and safety of individuals and property on the ground, and may provide a comprehensive set of safety rules and programming for the operation of unmanned aircraft that have the advanced flight capabilities enabling active, sustained, and controlled navigation of the aircraft beyond visual line of sight of the operator; (5) provides programming and support for any local charter organizations, affiliates, or clubs; and (6) provides assistance and support in the development and operation of locally designated model aircraft flying sites. (g) RECOGNITION OF COMMUNITY BASED ORGANIZATIONS .—In collaboration with aeromodelling stakeholders, the Administrator shall publish an advisory circular within 180 days of enactment that identifies the criteria and process required for recognition of nationwide communitybased organizations. This recognition shall be in the form of a memorandum of agreement between the FAA and each communitybased organization and does not require regulatory action to implement. (h) EFFECTIVE DATE.—Except for rules to implement remote identification for unmanned aircraft that by design provide advanced flight capabilities enabling active, sustained, and controlled navigation of the aircraft beyond the visual line of sight of the operator and for rules regarding the registration of certain model aircraft pursuant to section 44103, this section shall become effective when the rule, referred to in section 532 of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, regarding revisions to part 107 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, becomes final. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall issue rules and regulations relating to small UAS flown for recreational or educational use, and that are not operated within all of the criteria outlined in the special rule for model aircraft in section 45505 of title 49, United States Code, or the requirements of part 107 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) REGULATORY AUTHORITY .—When issuing the rules and regulation pursuant to this section, the Administrator shall— (1) require the completion of an online or electronic educational tutorial that is focused on knowledge of the primary rules necessary for the safe operation of such UAS and whose completion time is of reasonable length and limited duration; (2) include provisions that enable the operation of such UAS by individuals under the age of 16 without a certificated pilot; (3) require UAS operators within Class B, C, D and E airspace to obtain authorization, as the Administrator may determine to be necessary within that airspace, but only after the Federal Aviation Administration has developed and implemented an automated airspace authorization system for the airspace in which the operator wants to operate; and (4) include provisions that provide specific operational rules for UAS operating in close proximity to airports in class G airspace. (c) MAINTAINING BROAD ACCESS TO UAS TECHNOLOGY .—When issuing rules or regulations for the operation of UAS under this section, the Administrator shall not— (1) require the pilot or operator of the UAS to obtain or hold an airman certificate; (2) require a practical flight examination, medical examination, or the completion of a flight training program; (3) limit such UAS operations to predesignated fixed locations or uncontrolled airspace; or (4) require airworthiness certification of any UAS operated pursuant to this section. (d) COLLABORATION .—The Administrator shall carry out this section in collaboration with industry and communitybased organizations. 
Mr. SHUSTER (during the reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the modification be dispensed with. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is modified. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I support considering these amendments en bloc, all of which have been approved by both the majority and the minority. These Members put forth thoughtful amendments, and I am pleased to be able to support moving them en bloc. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I support the adoption of these amendments en bloc. This grouping includes many Democratic and Republican amendments, and each, as the chairman has said, has been approved by the majority and the minority for consideration en bloc. Among the amendments in this package is my comprehensive solution to the evergrowing list of safety and security concerns that have resulted from an unwise provision of law adopted in 2012. That law prohibits the Federal Aviation Administration from promulgating any rule or regulation relating to drones flown for hobby or recreational purposes. Let me repeat: any rule or regulation relating to drones flown for hobby or recreational purposes. This was put in at the behest of model aircraft folks, who have a long 
and very responsible history, know the rules of the road in the air, but now there are millions of other people now operating relatively inexpensive drones. Things have changed pretty dramatically in that time period, and we sorely need some reasonable regulations. There are very strong national security concerns expressed by Homeland and Secret Service and others, and they are saying that basically they are going to hold back any rules regarding drones until they can be assured that the operators and the drone can be identified, which the commercial people can easily do. b1345 It would be an expense for the recreational manufacturers so there is a competing amendment that is more conciliatory toward the Chinese drone manufacturers, which is a concern I don’t have. Sooner or later, one of these little toy drones is going to take down an aircraft and people are going to die. Plain and simple. They have already conducted tests on the hull, and they have found that a small quadcopter can cause fatal damage to aircraft controls. And they haven’t even done the ingestion test yet into a jet engine, a turbine engine, where you will see more uncontained failures like the one we saw last week. So it is critical that we get a handle on this and the proliferation of these with people with little or no experience or knowledge of aviation rules. Countless stakeholders are supporting my version, which would be the commercial drone industry, U.S. airlines and pilots, air traffic controllers, aircraft manufacturers, State and local entities. They have all been asking for modification or repeal of that provision prohibiting the FAA from regulating recreational drone users. Until this is done, our skies will be less safe and the true potential of the commercial drone industry will never be unlocked because of the security concerns that I already mentioned. My amendment, among other things, grants the FAA the authority to impose standards on recreational users as needed, ensure the safety of our airspace system going forward, including requirements remotely identifying and tracking drone operators. That first step is critical to protecting sensitive facilities, assets, and addressing the concerns of Homeland Security, Secret Service, and others. Mr. Chair, I urge support of this amendment en bloc, and I reserve the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair reminds all Members not to traffic the well while another Member is under recognition. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY  DAVIS), a valued member of the committee. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chair, I am proud to speak in support of this en bloc amendment, and then also in support of H.R. 4. It is finally a longterm reauthorization of the FAA. Two programs of vital importance to my district are the Essential Air Service program and the Contract Tower Program. Both programs are critical to rural areas and are protected in this bill. The bill also includes a provision I authorized and authored to ensure small lowrisk microdrones can be operated safely, but also under different operational requirements than larger drones. Safely and more appropriately integrating microdrones into the airspace will foster innovation at companies like Horizon Hobby in my district and incentivize better operator compliance. H.R. 4 also includes important customer service provisions. It prohibits involuntary bumping of passengers once they have already boarded an aircraft. It makes fees and taxes more transparent, and when consumers have complaints about their flying experience, this bill will allow them to call a hotline or use an app on their smartphone. I also want to mention the disaster title of this bill. It is actually a shame that I have to speak about this again today because this House already passed this legislation last December. Unfortunately, our colleagues in the Senate stripped these provisions out of the disaster supplemental package we passed earlier this year, but now we have an opportunity to finally get this crucial legislation signed into law. Included in this package is my bill, the Disaster Declaration Improvement Act, which requires FEMA to place a greater weight and consideration on severe, localized impact of damage following a disaster. Passing this bill will have real impact in States like Illinois where a large portion of our population is concentrated in a small geographical area in the northeast portion of our State. Enacting this language into law will help level the playing field, and help ensure rural areas like my district are given a fair shake when disasters happen and help is needed. I want to thank Chairman SHUSTER  and Ranking Member DEFAZIO for working to include this disaster package in this bill, and for all of the hard work on the underlying bill, and I urge adoption of the bill. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ), a member of the committee. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member and Chairman SHUSTER for their work on this bill, on this block of amendments, in which I have an amendment that I drafted that would allow airports to apply for grants from the small airport fund to construct air traffic control towers for participation in the Federal Contract Tower Program. This provision will ensure that our airspace remains the gold standard for safety by helping small airports currently operating without towers to invest in lifesaving safety infrastructure. It is my understanding that because this will be a new eligibility, the FAA will need to classify the construction of an air traffic control tower under the Airports Capital Improvement Plan to ensure that it is scored properly for purposes of determining grant awards through the national priority ranking system. Mr. Chair, I ask the chairman if he will agree with me that: first, the FAA has never classified control towers under ACIP before; second, that the FAA should plan to ensure that these highpriority projects are classified properly for consideration in grant decisions; and third, that they should be classified in a manner that provides them with an appropriate, level playing field with other projects to ensure competitiveness, and I ask the chairman if he agrees on these three provisions. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, we will be committed to working with the gentleman as we move forward. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. LEWIS), a member of our committee. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for all of his hard on H.R. 4. Mr. Chair, I am pleased that my amendment to codify the FAA’s Unmanned Aircraft Systems Integrated Pilot Program is included in this en bloc package. Drones are an innovation that I know our country is anxious to take advantage of. However, it brings with it a need to rethink and redefine some current policies. Aviation regulations that manage the flow of air traffic at 30,000 feet, or even 1,000 feet, do not make sense when managing the operation of a UAS 5 feet off the ground. Congress should formally support this pilot program and learn from the data gathered here. We must also recognize the importance of nonFederal bodies like States, municipalities, and Tribal governments to be part of the drone oversight. This pilot program, which my amendment codifies and which stem from a White House proposal, will help us do just that, and it has been widely supported. In fact, drone associations, traditional aviation groups, and large companies wrote in support of the pilot program. We hope that by Congress codifying the pilot program, the Department of Transportation will now expand the pilot program to further participation. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time is remaining on each side. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon has 5
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. JAYAPAL ). 
Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member DEFAZIO for including two of my amendments in the en bloc package. The gentlemen have set a high bar for leadership and collegiality through this process, and I look forward to working with them as the FAA implements this bill. My amendments focus on two issues important not only to the residents of Washington’s Seventh District, but across the country; namely, the issue of airplane noise and infrastructure needs of fastgrowing airports like Sea Tac. Many of our communities with large and medium airports are growing by leaps and bounds. According to Airports Council International, over the last 10 years, SeaTac’s passenger traffic has grown by 52.6 percent, second only to San Francisco. We need to be certain that our communities are able to prepare for that growth, while still ensuring that they remain livable. These amendments will help to build that evidence base, and I deeply appreciate the consideration. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Chair, I rise today to propose an amendment to section 232 of H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act. As a Representative of the Fourth District of Kansas, which includes Wichita, also known as the Air Capital of the World, I have a deep appreciation for the importance of the aviation industry in our region and country. For more than 100 years, our community has pioneered aviation and manufacturing. Today, the greater Wichita area is home to many of the world’s largest aviation manufacturers and produces nearly 50 percent of all general aviation planes built. Without question, aviation is a great source of pride for all Kansans, and I want to thank Chairman SHUSTER and the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee for their efforts to support the industry and modernize the FAA. As part of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, Congress has tasked the FAA administrator to establish a task force on flight standards reform. I believe creating this task force to improve aviation safety standards is a needed and overdue initiative. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SHUSTER. I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Kansas. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. H.R. 4 mandates the task force be comprised of representatives from air carriers, general and business aviation, repair stations, unmanned aviation systems, flight schools, and aviation safety inspectors. Today, I am offering an amendment to the task force to also include representatives of aircraft manufacturers. I believe those responsible for producing our Nation’s aircraft can play a valuable role in updating aviation standards and should have a voice. I want to thank our colleagues for their attention to the industry and consideration of this amendment, and ask that they support the FAA Reauthorization Act. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI ). Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman and ranking member for including my amendment in the en bloc. My amendment would require the FAA to study the economic harm caused by excessive aircraft noise on communities and businesses near major airports. Companies adjacent to airports, such as O’Hare International Airport in my district, see that flight paths have to contend with the economic activity in that region, and noise disrupts their customers and interferes with business, in addition to the physiological effects that constant noise has on employees. Under my amendment, the FAA will study what happens to businesses when they are subject to excessive noise throughout the workday. This will include, but is not limited to, employee productivity and retention, workplace morale and satisfaction, and other data to help policymakers grasp the full effect of airport noise on neighborhoods. This is a bipartisan, commonsense amendment, and again, I thank the committee for including it in the en bloc. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CRIST). Mr. CRIST. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their leadership and bipartisanship on this bill. Americans who watched 60 Minutes last weekend or who read the Tampa Bay Times were shocked by serious airline safety concerns—specifically with Allegiant Airlines, a carrier that operates 95 percent of the traffic at my hometown airport. It raises questions about the FAA’s ‘‘compliance philosophy,’’ focused on fewer enforcement actions, more working quietly with the airlines behind the scenes on safety issues. I sure hope it is true that airlines are more likely to selfreport safety incidents if they do not fear retribution, but lives are at stake, and we must get the facts. My amendment would require an investigation into whether this handsoff approach is, in fact, working. Profits can never trump passenger safety. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this straightforward amendment. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. KILMER ), my neighbor to the north. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I rise today in support of my amendment, which would modify the Airport Improvement Program to require the FAA to explicitly consider the emergency preparedness needs of the communities served when reviewing an airport’s master plan. Currently, the FAA relies primarily on a number of enplanements when making their funding determinations under the AIP. That disadvantages rural airports like William R. Fairchild International Airport in my district, which serves as a critical component of the State’s and FEMA’s emergency response plan for the region, but has relatively few enplanements. This commonsense improvement would help ensure that Fairchild and other airports like it will be able to secure the funding necessary to maintain their runway and other critical infrastructure so that the resources are available when disaster strikes. This matters to folks in my neck of the woods who live in the shadow of the Cascadia subduction zone. When the big one hits, the Fairchild Airport will be essential to deploying emergency supplies, as well as for evacuating people to safety. I would like to thank Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for their support of this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on it. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I encourage all of my colleagues to support the en bloc package, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, Soto amendment number 3 to H.R. 4, FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, would require a sink or sanitizing equipment in the lactation area in commercial service airports. This small but significant change would benefit traveling mothers and children. A 2014 study in Breastfeeding Medicine showed that only 62 of the top 100 passengervolume U.S. airports labeled themselves as ‘‘breastfeeding friendly’’. However, they found that only eight of the 100 surveyed airports provided the minimum requirements for a lactation room, as set forth under Section 122 of this bill. I am pleased to see that this bill would require medium or large hub airports to maintain lactation areas in each passenger terminal building with minimum requirements of a chair, table, and electrical outlet. With the inclusion of my amendment, traveling mother will now have access to sanitation equipment, too. I thank Chairman SHUSTER , Ranking Member DEFAZIO, and the staff of the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure for their support and for working with me on this amendment. I thank my colleagues for their support on this issue. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, Soto amendment, Soto number 21, to the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, H.R. 4, would require the FAA Administrator to also consider the potential emergency medical needs of pregnant women when evaluating the minimum contents of approved medical kits—currently the bill only 
specifies the consideration of children’s emergency medical needs. Obstetrical symptoms, while rare causes of inflight medical emergencies, should be given consideration when evaluating the adequacy of inflight emergency medical kits. I am pleased to see that this bill would require the consideration of the potential emergency medical needs of pregnant women. I thank Chairman SHUSTER , Ranking Member DEFAZIO, and the staff of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, for their support and for working with me on this amendment. I also thank my colleagues for their support on this issue. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the en bloc #1 amendment package to H.R. 4, which includes my amendment (#2). I am proud to offer an amendment that responds to a key and grave local matter. My amendment is simple: It would allow airports to use Federal funds to buy generators for passenger areas of the airport, something they currently are not able to do. It would also let airports separate backup power from the main power lines, and to complete other projects to prevent power outages using A.I.P. and P.F.C. funds. As you know, HartsfieldJackson Atlanta International Airport, the world’s busiest airport, is located in my Congressional district. Last December, an underground fire disabled both the airport’s primary and backup power supplies. This caused a power outage that lasted for 11 hours, cancelling hundreds of flights and stranding passengers and employees on planes and in dark terminals. Fortunately, no one was hurt, but this event raised important public safety questions. The City of Atlanta and Georgia Power are looking into what happened and what can be done to prevent a similar event from occurring in the future. I look forward to their report. My commonsense amendment will give airports the flexibility they need to keep the lights on and passengers safe. Finally, and most importantly, Mr. Chairman, I am grateful to all the police, firefighters, electricians, and airport, airline, and MARTA employees for their work to assist stranded travelers. I would also like to thank the tens of thousands of passengers who remained calm and patient throughout this unprecedented ordeal. I appreciate the support of the Chairman and the Ranking Member and thank them and their staffs for working with me on this issue. I look forward to continuing to work with them to keep the travelling public safe. I urge all of my colleagues to support my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc, as modified, offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ). The en bloc amendments, as modified, were agreed to. b1400 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . ROSKAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: Page 46, after line 22, insert the following: 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall initiate a study to review and evaluate existing studies and analyses of the relationship between jet aircraft approach and takeoff speeds and corresponding noise impacts on communities surrounding airports. (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting the study initiated under subsection (a), the Administrator shall determine— (1) whether a decrease in jet aircraft approach or takeoff speeds results in significant aircraft noise reductions; (2) whether the jet aircraft approach or takeoff speed reduction necessary to achieve significant noise reductions— (A) jeopardizes aviation safety; or (B) decreases the efficiency of the National Airspace System, including lowering airport capacity, increasing travel times, or increasing fuel burn; (3) the advisability of using jet aircraft approach or takeoff speeds as a noise mitigation technique; and (4) if the Administrator determines that using jet aircraft approach or takeoff speeds as a noise mitigation technique is advisable, whether any of the metropolitan areas specifically identified in section 157(b)(2) would benefit from such a noise mitigation technique without a significant impact to aviation safety or the efficiency of the National Airspace System. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study initiated under subsection (a). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, briefly, the Roskam amendment does the following: It recognizes that my constituency, and I think a lot of others, want the benefits of living near a large international airport but not as much of the burden. Here is the backstory about what is going on. My constituency is right next door to O’Hare Airport, which, as an international airport, brings incredible convenience to my flying constituents and also incredible commerce and opportunity. That is a good thing. The problem is the burdens of the noise of the airport rest disproportionately with some communities. These are communities that have found themselves with different flight patterns in different situations where, all of a sudden, a flight pattern from years ago is now something that they are seeing overhead. One constituent of mine in Wayne, Illinois, complained that the noise sometimes is 30 seconds apart for hours on end. Another complained that their house actually shakes because of the planes that are flying so close. Mr. Chairman, you can imagine how difficult this would be to live in this type of situation. Realizing that we want the benefits of an international airport and also as quiet a situation as possible, I have worked with my Republican and Democratic colleagues to find common ground. A scientist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology has completed computer modeling and found that reducing plane takeoff speeds by 35 miles per hour would dramatically reduce the noise pollution and only lengthen flight time by a mere 30 seconds. This commonsense amendment directs the FAA to study this proposal and report back to Congress on whether or not this will alleviate the nuisance that too many of my constituents have had to deal with. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from across the aisle, Congresswoman SPEIER , and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am in favor of it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. I actually, recently, had a conversation with the Acting FAA Administrator on this very subject. I think it is something that could help mitigate. Since we have moved to performance based navigation and changed for more efficient approaches to safe fuel, the airlines are benefiting tremendously, but it has concentrated the noise over a narrow area. I have also asked the FAA if it would be possible to vary the approaches on performancebased so that you are not always, every day, every hour, every minute, going over exactly the same position. I think that is also something they should look at. Mr. Chairman, I certainly support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman from Oregon for his support, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. JODYB. H ICE of Georgia). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 17 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 1ll. JUDICIAL REVIEW FOR PROPOSED ALTERNATIVE ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEW AND APPROVAL PROCEDURES. 
Section 330(e) of title 23, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(A) by striking ‘‘2 years’’ and inserting ‘‘150 days as set forth in section 139(l)’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)(B)(i) by striking ‘‘2 years’’ and inserting ‘‘150 days as set forth in section 139(l)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer the bipartisan DenhamCosta amendment which eliminates duplication of environmental reviews. The MAP–21 highway bill created the NEPA assignment program in 2012, which allows States to assume responsibility for environmental review, consultation, and compliance of NEPA for Federal aid highway projects and other transportation projects. The program removes an entire layer of Federal bureaucracy from the NEPA process, allowing States and counties to operate more efficiently. NEPA assignment has been a success, saving time and cost of infrastructure projects across six States: California, Texas, Florida, Ohio, Utah, and Alaska. Two more States, Arizona and Nebraska, are in the process of applying, and all 50 States are eligible to participate. The Transportation and Infrastructure Committee built on the success of the NEPA assignment program in the 2015 FAST Act by establishing the NEPA reciprocity program. The NEPA reciprocity program allows States with environmental laws that are at least as stringent as NEPA to make the approval of reviews under State laws and regulations and in replacement of NEPA. This allows States to remove parallel and redundant NEPA requirements from their own environmental process, which will get projects built faster and at a lower cost. In other words, this not only allows one environmental review, but stops us from doing two. As reasonable and promising as this program is, the judicial review period or window that litigants can challenge a record of decisions is nearly five times longer than for Federal aid highway projects that are subject to NEPA. The judicial review period for the reciprocity program is 2 years, substantially increasing the risk of litigation and dissuading States from pursuing the program. This amendment harmonizes the statute of limitation for the program with other Federal highway projects to 150 days. Instead of delaying 2 years for lawsuits, we do it in 150 days, the same as all other Federal highway projects. This commonsense change would render the program workable as originally intended in the FAST Act. This program would allow States impacted by the 2017 major disasters to rebuild devastated communities faster and at a lower cost, saving taxpayer dollars. Many wildfireimpacted counties in California have recognized the potential benefits of NEPA reciprocity for their recovery efforts and are pushing the State to participate. This amendment would allow California and other impacted States with major disasters, like Texas and Florida, to apply and rebuild in short order. In September 2017, the Department of Transportation issued the notice of proposed rulemaking, and the comment period closed in November. DOT should issue the rule to establish the program soon, and this modification must be in place for the program to be workable at that time. There has been a lot of discussion about environmental review and permitting reform being included in the infrastructure package, and for good reason: projects take too long and they cost way too much money. We have an opportunity to ensure streamlining programs that are already law are working correctly by passing this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ). Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the amendment being offered by Congressman DENHAM  and me to H.R. 4, and I thank the gentleman for yielding. Together, we have worked long and hard to reduce the duplicative environmental permitting requirements that contribute, as we all know, to delays in delivery of important transportation projects throughout the Nation and throughout California, as both Congressman DENHAM and I have experienced. California remains at the forefront of finding innovative ways to streamline the transportation delivery project without compromising the natural environment and complying with environmental laws. As a matter of fact, we have a very big initiative that was passed last year to provide another $52 billion in construction projects over the next 10 years. So this is an important amendment. In 2015, Congress passed the FAST Act, which implemented a pilot program to provide reciprocity for environmental permitting for States like California that have laws that provide equal or greater environmental protection. That is the case with California. That is why this amendment is so applicable and why it makes such good common sense. This amendment would further streamline the delegation process, as the gentleman noted, reduce project delivery times and costs, lead to more projects being constructed at a faster rate, and improve our deteriorating infrastructure. For all these good reasons, we ought to adopt this amendment. I urge my colleagues to concur. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, although I rose in opposition, my principal concern is this was a very, very long, difficult negotiation as we adopted the FAST Act, and all parties agreed on these five pilot projects. We gave the task, as we normally do, to the Department of Transportation to draw up a rule that will establish and implement the pilot program, but DOT has not yet acted to establish those rules. So I have concerns about putting strictures on the Department of Transportation before they have had an opportunity to implement the rule, which, hopefully, will be soon forthcoming. I assume it is not one of these rules that the President has held up from being issued, since it would be something beneficial, if properly done. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 839, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 2 consisting of amendment Nos. 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 43, 45, 48, 50, 51, 52, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 61, 62, 64, and 65 printed in part A of House Report 115–650, offered by Shuster of Pennsylvania: 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . CRAMER OF  
NORTH DAKOTA  In title III, at the end of subtitle B add the following: 
SEC. 342. REPORT ON POSSIBLE UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS OPERATION ON SPECTRUM ALLOCATED FOR AVIATION USE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and after consultation with relevant stakeholders, the Federal Aviation Administration, the National Telecommunications and Information Administration, and the Federal Communications Commission, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report— (1) on whether unmanned aircraft systems operations should be permitted on spectrum designated for aviation use, on an unlicensed, shared, or exclusive basis, for operations within the UTM system or outside of such a system; (2) that addresses any technological, statutory, regulatory, and operational barriers to the use of such spectrum for unmanned aircraft systems operations; and (3) that, if it is determined that spectrum designated for aviation use is not suitable for operations by unmanned aircraft systems, includes recommendations of other 
spectrum frequencies that may be appropriate for such operations. (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘unmanned aircraft system’’ means an unmanned aircraft and associated elements (including communication links and the components that control the unmanned aircraft) that are required for the pilot in command to operate safely and efficiently in the national airspace system. (2) UTM.—The term ‘‘UTM’’ means an unmanned aircraft traffic management system or service. 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . LOBIONDO  
OF NEW JERSEY  At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. ll. U.S. COUNTERUAS SYSTEM REVIEW OF INTERAGENCY COORDINATION PROCESSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after that date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, in consultation with government agencies currently authorized to operate CounterUnmanned Aircraft System (C UAS) systems within the United States (including the territories and possessions of the United States), shall initiate a review of the following: (1) The process the Administration is utilizing for interagency coordination of CUAS activity pursuant to a relevant Federal statute authorizing such activity within the United States (including the territories and possessions of the United States). (2) The standards the Administration is utilizing for operation of a CUAS systems pursuant to a relevant Federal statute authorizing such activity within the United States (including the territories and possessions of the United States), including whether the following criteria are being taken into consideration in the development of the standards: (A) Safety of the national airspace. (B) Protecting individuals and property on the ground. (C) Noninterference with avionics of manned aircraft, and unmanned aircraft, operating legally in the national airspace. (D) Noninterference with air traffic control systems. (E) Consistent procedures in the operation of CUAS systems to the maximum extent practicable. (F) Adequate coordination procedures and protocols with the Federal Aviation Administration during the operation of CUAS systems. (G) Adequate training for personnel operating CUAS systems. (H) Assessment of the efficiency and effectiveness of the coordination and review processes to ensure national airspace safety while minimizing bureaucracy. (I) Such other matters the Administrator deems necessary for the safe and lawful operation of CUAS systems. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date upon which the review in subsection (a) is initiated, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation in the Senate, and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, a report on the Administration’s activities related to C UAS systems, including— (1) any coordination with Federal agencies and States, subdivisions and States, political authorities of at least 2 States that operate CUAS systems; and (2) an assessment of the standards being utilized for the operation of a counterUAS systems within the United States (including the territories and possessions of the United States). AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MRS . DAVIS OF  
CALIFORNIA  Page 151, before line 17, insert the following (and redesignate accordingly): (6) the Administrator should— (A) place particular priority in continuing measures, including partnering with nongovernmental organizations and State and local agencies, to educate the public about the dangers to public safety of operating unmanned aircraft over areas that have temporary flight restrictions in place, for purposes such as wildfires, without appropriate approval or authorization from the Forest Service; and (B) partner with State and local agencies to effectively enforce relevant laws so that unmanned aircrafts do not interfere with the efforts of emergency responders; 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . SANFORD  
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  Page 161, after line 11, insert the following: (d) PROGRAM ALIGNMENT .—The Secretary shall submit a report to the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation within 90 days after enactment of this Act that describes how each of the following programs will be executed or implemented in a systematic and timely manner to avoid duplication, leverage capabilities learned across programs, and support the safe integration of UAS into the national airspace: (1) Commerciallyoperated Low Altitude Authorization and Notification Capability. (2) The Unmanned Aircraft System Integration Pilot Program. (3) The Unmanned Traffic Management Pilot Program. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
OF RHODE ISLAND  Page 181, after line 21, insert the following new paragraph (and redesignate the subsequent paragraphs accordingly): (2) Compensation (regarding rebooking options, refunds, meals, and lodging) for flight diversions. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MR . CA´RDENAS  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 182, after line 10, insert the following: 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Transportation shall conduct a study on the overbooking policies of air carriers and how the policies impact the United States economy. (b) CONTENTS .—In conducting the study, the Secretary shall assess the effects of the overbooking policies on increasing or decreasing the costs of passenger air transportation. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the study. 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MS . MENG OF  
NEW YORK  Page 182, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. TRAINING POLICIES REGARDING RACIAL, ETHNIC, AND RELIGIOUS NONDISCRIMINATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report describing— (1) each air carrier’s training policy for its employees and contractors regarding racial, ethnic, and religious nondiscrimination; and (2) how frequently an air carrier is required to train new employees and contractors because of turnover in positions that require such training. (b) BESTPRACTICES .—After the date the report is submitted under subsection (1), the Secretary of Transportation shall develop and disseminate to air carriers best practices nevessary to improve the training policies described in subsection (a), based on the findings of the report and in consultation with— (1) passengers of diverse racial, ethnic, and religious backgrounds; (2) national organizations that represent impacted communities; (3) air carrier; (4) airport operators; and (5) contract service providers. 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
OF OREGON  At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following new section: 
SEC. 4ll. AVIATION CONSUMER ADVOCATE AND COMPLAINT RESOLUTION IMPROVEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Transportation shall review aviation consumer complaints received that allege a violation of law and, as appropriate, pursue enforcement or corrective actions that would be in the public interest. (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—In considering which cases to pursue for enforcement or corrective action under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider— (1) the requirements of the Air Carrier Access Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–435; 100 Stat. 1080); (2) unfair and deceptive practices by air carriers, foreign air carriers, and ticket agents; (3) the terms and conditions agreed to between passengers and air carriers, foreign air carriers, or ticket agents; (4) aviation consumer protection and tarmac delay contingency planning requirements for both airports and airlines; and (5) any other applicable law. (c) AVIATION CONSUMER ADVOCATE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Within the Aviation Consumer Protection Division of the Department of Transportation, there shall be established the position of Aviation Consumer Advocate. (2) FUNCTIONS .—The Aviation Consumer Advocate shall— (A) assist consumers in resolving carrier service complaints filed with the Aviation Consumer Protection Division; (B) evaluate the resolution by the Department of Transportation of carrier service complaints; (C) identify and recommend actions the Department can take to improve the enforcement of aviation consumer protection rules and resolution of carrier service complaints; and (D) identify and recommend regulations and policies that can be amended to more effectively resolve carrier service complaints. (d) ANNUAL REPORTS .—The Secretary, acting through the Aviation Consumer Advocate, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives an annual report summarizing the following: (1) The total number of annual complaints received by the Secretary, including the number of complaints by the name of each air carrier and foreign air carrier. (2) The total number of annual complaints by category of complaint. (3) The number of complaints referred in the preceding year for enforcement or correction action by the Secretary. (4) Any recommendations under subparagraphs (C) and (D) of subsection (c)(2). 
(5) Such other data as the Aviation Consumer Advocate considers appropriate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
OF RHODE ISLAND  At the end of subtitle B of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 44l. REGULATIONS ENSURING ASSISTANCE FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES IN AIR TRANSPORTATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall— (1) review, and if necessary revise, applicable regulations to ensure that individuals with disabilities who request assistance while traveling in air transportation receive dignified, timely, and effective assistance at airports and on aircraft from trained personnel; and (2) review, and if necessary revise, applicable regulations related to air carrier training programs for air carrier personnel, including contractors, who provide physical assistance to passengers with disabilities to ensure that training under such programs— (A) occurs on an appropriate schedule for all new and continuing personnel charged with providing physical assistance; and (B) includes, as appropriate, instruction by personnel, with handson training for employees who physically lift or otherwise physically assist passengers with disabilities, including the use of relevant equipment. (b) TYPES OF ASSISTANCE .—The assistance referred to subsection (a)(1) may include requests for assistance in boarding or deplaning an aircraft, requests for assistance in connecting between flights, and other similar or related requests, as appropriate. (c) AIRCARRIER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘air carrier’’ means an air carrier or foreign air carrier (as those terms are defined in section 40102(a) of title 49, United States Code). 
O’HALLERAN OF ARIZONA  Page 190, after line 6, insert the following (and redesignate accordingly): (b) REQUIRED ANALYSIS ON COMMUNITIES .— In carrying out subsection (a)(2)(E) the Comptroller General shall include, for each option for further reform, an analysis of the impact on local economies of communities with airports receiving Essential Air Service funding, access to air travel for residents of rural communities and the impact to local businesses in such communities. 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . ESPAILLAT  
OF NEW YORK  Page 266, line 25, strike the semicolon and insert ‘‘, including the fees charged to ground transportation providers for airport access;’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MR . SANFORD  
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  At the end of title V, add the following: 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall initiate a study of— (1) the legal and financial challenges related to repealing the exception in section 47107(b)(2) of title 49, United States Code, for those airports the Federal Aviation Administration has identified are covered by the exception; and (2) measures that may be taken to mitigate the impact of repealing the exception. (b) CONTENTS .—The study required under subsection (a) shall address— (1) the level of revenue diversion at the airports covered by the exception described in subsection (a)(1) and the uses of the diverted revenue; (2) the terms of any bonds or financial covenants an airport owner has issued relying on diverted airport revenue; (3) applicable local laws or ordinances requiring use of airport revenue for nonairport purposes; (4) whether repealing the exception would improve the longterm financial performance of impacted airports; and (5) any other practical implications of repealing the exception for airports or the national aviation system. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study. 
FLEISCHMANN OF TENNESSEE  At the end of title V add the following: 
The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, to the extent practicable, shall encourage the use of durable, resilient, and sustainable materials and practices, including the use of geosynthetic materials and other innovative technologies, in carrying out the activities of the Federal Aviation Administration. 
AMENDMENT NO . 50 OFFERED BY MS . MENG OF  
NEW YORK  Add at the end of title V the following: 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a rule to require each primary airport (as defined in section 47102 of title 49, United States Code) to provide a designated area for animals, traveling with their owners, to relieve themselves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 51 OFFERED BY MR . MITCHELL  
OF MICHIGAN  At the end of title V of the bill, add the following: 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall establish a pilot program to provide air traffic control services on a preferential basis to aircraft equipped with certain NextGen avionics that— (1) lasts at least 2 years; and (2) operates in at 3 least suitable airports. (b) DURATION OF DAILY SERVICE .—The air traffic control services provided under the pilot program established under subsection (a) shall occur for at least 3 consecutive hours between 0600 and 2200 local time during each day of the pilot program. (c) AIRPORT SELECTION .—The Administrator shall designate airports for participation in the pilot program after consultation with aircraft operators, manufacturers, and airport sponsors. (d) DEFINITIONS .— (1) CERTAIN NEXTGEN AVIONICS .—The term ‘‘certain NextGen avionics’’ means those avionics and related software designated by the Administrator after consultations with aircraft operators and manufacturers. (2) PREFERENTIAL BASIS .—The term ‘‘preferential basis’’ means— (A) prioritizing aircraft equipped with certain NextGen avionics during a Ground Delay Program by assigning them fewer minutes of delay relative to other aircraft; and (B) sequencing aircraft equipped with certain NextGen avionics ahead of other aircraft in the Traffic Flow Management System to the maximum extent consistent with safety. (e) SUNSET .—The pilot program established under subsection (a) shall terminate on September 30, 2023. (f) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the pilot program terminates, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the pilot program. 
AMENDMENT NO . 52 OFFERED BY MR . MITCHELL  
OF MICHIGAN  At the end of title V of the bill, add the following: 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall initiate a study of the potential impacts of a significantly delayed, significantly diminished, or completely failed delivery of the Next Generation Air Transportation System modernization initiative by the Federal Aviation Administration, including impacts to the air traffic control system and the national airspace system as a whole. (b) SCOPE OF STUDY .—In carrying out the study under subsection (a), the Inspector General shall assess the Administration’s performance related to the Next Generation Air Transportation System modernization initiative, including— (1) the potential impacts on the operational efficiency of our aviation system; (2) an analysis of potential economic losses and stranded investments directly related to NextGen; (3) an analysis of the potential impacts to our international competitiveness in aviation innovation; (4) an analysis of the main differences that would be seen in our air traffic control system; (5) the potential impacts on the flying public, including potential impacts to flight times, fares, and delays in the air and on the ground; (6) the effects on supply chains reliant on air transportation of cargo; (7) the potential impacts on the longterm benefits promised by NextGen; (8) an analysis of the potential impacts on aircraft noise and flight paths; (9) the potential changes in separation standards, fuel consumption, flight paths, block times, and landing procedures or lack thereof; (10) the potential impacts on aircraft taxi times and aircraft emissions or lack thereof; (11) a determination of the total potential costs and logistical challenges of the failure of NextGen, including a comparison of the potential loss of the return on public and private sector investment related to NextGen, as compared to other available investment alternatives, between December 12, 2003 and the date of enactment of this Act; and (12) other matters arising in the course of the study. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of initiation of the study under subsection (a), the Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study. 
AMENDMENT NO . 54 OFFERED BY MS . DEGETTE  
OF COLORADO  At the end of title V, add the following new section: 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided by subsection (b), the Secretary of Transportation may not directly or indirectly regulate— (1) the acquisition, use, lease, encumbrance, transfer, or disposal of land by an airport owner or operator; 
(2) any nonFederal facility upon such land; or (3) any portion of such land or facility. (b) EXCEPTIONS .—Subsection (a) does not apply to any regulation— (1) ensuring— (A) the safe and efficient operation of aircraft and airports, including the safety of people and property on the ground; (B) that an airport owner or operator receives not less than fair market value for the lease, use, encumbrance, transfer, or disposal of land, any facilities on such land, or any portion of such land or facilities; or (C) that the airport pays not more than fair market value for the acquisition of land or facilities on such land; or (2) imposed with respect to— (A) any land or a facility acquired or modified using— (i) Federal financial assistance, including Federal grants; or (ii) passenger facility charge revenues collected under section 40117 of title 49, United States Code; or (B) any land conveyed to the airport, including its predecessors or successors, by the United States or any agency thereof. (c) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect the applicability of section 47107(b) or 47133 of title 49, United States Code, to revenues generated by the use, lease, encumbrance, transfer, or disposal of land as described in subsection (a), facilities upon such land, or any portion of such land or facilities. 
AMENDMENT NO . 55 OFFERED BY MR . BANKS OF  
INDIANA  At the end of title V, insert the following: 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) in 1930, commercial airmail carriers began operations at Smith Field in Fort Wayne, Indiana; (2) the United States lacks a national museum dedicated to airmail; and (3) the airmail hangar at Smith Field in Fort Wayne, Indiana— (A) will educate the public on the role of airmail in aviation history; and (B) honor the role of the hangar in the history of the Nation’s airmail service. (b) DESIGNATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The airmail museum located at the Smith Field in Fort Wayne, Indiana, is designated as the ‘‘National Airmail Museum’’. (2) EFFECT OF DESIGNATION .—The national museum designated by this section is not a unit of the National Park System and the designation of the National Airmail Museum shall not require or permit Federal funds to be expended for any purpose related to that national memorial. 
AMENDMENT NO . 56 OFFERED BY MS . SINEMA OF  
ARIZONA  At the end of title V, add the following new section: 
SEC. 5ll. REVIEW OF APPROVAL PROCESS FOR USE OF LARGE AIR TANKERS AND VERY LARGE AIR TANKERS FOR WILDLAND FIREFIGHTING. 
(a) R EVIEW AND IMPROVEMENT OF CURRENT  APPROVAL PROCESS .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall conduct a review of its process to approve the use of large air tankers and very large air tankers for wildland firefighting for the purpose of— (1) determining the current effectiveness, safety, and consistency of the approval process; (2) developing recommendations for improving the effectiveness, safety, and consistency of the approval process; and (3) assisting in developing standardized nextgeneration requirements for air tankers used for firefighting. (b) REPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall submit to Congress a report describing the outcome of the review conducted under subsection (a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 57 OFFERED BY MR . BIGGS OF  
ARIZONA  At the end of title V, insert the following: 
Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall— (1) study and publicize for comment a cost benefit analysis to air carriers and consumers of changing the baggage reporting requirements of section 234.6 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, before the implementation of such requirements; and (2) submit a report on the findings of the costbenefit analysis to the appropriate committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 58 OFFERED BY MS . ESTY OF  
CONNECTICUT  At the end of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. 5ll. SUPPORTING WOMEN’S INVOLVEMENT IN THE AVIATION FIELD. 
(a) A DVISORY BOARD .—To encourage women and girls to enter the field of aviation, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall create and facilitate the Women in Aviation Advisory Board (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Board’’), with the objective of promoting organizations and programs that are providing education, training, mentorship, outreach, and recruitment of women into the aviation industry. (b) COMPOSITION .—The Board shall consist of members whose diverse background and expertise allows them to contribute balanced points of view and ideas regarding the strategies and objectives set forth in subsection (f). (c) SELECTION .—Not later than 9 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall appoint members of the Board, including representatives from the following: (1) Major airlines and aerospace companies. (2) Nonprofit organizations within the aviation industry. (3) Aviation business associations. (4) Engineering business associations. (5) United States Air Force Auxiliary, Civil Air Patrol. (6) Institutions of higher education and aviation trade schools. (d) PERIOD OF APPOINTMENT .—Members shall be appointed to the Board for the duration of the existence of the Board. (e) COMPENSATION .—Board members shall serve without compensation. (f) DUTIES .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Board shall present a comprehensive plan for strategies the Administration can take, which include the following objectives: (1) Identifying industry trends that directly or indirectly encourage or discourage women from pursuing careers in aviation. (2) Coordinating the efforts of airline companies, nonprofit organizations, and aviation and engineering associations to facilitate support for women pursuing careers in aviation. (3) Creating opportunities to expand existing scholarship opportunities for women in the aviation industry. (4) Enhancing aviation training, mentorship, education, and outreach programs that are exclusive to women. (g) REPORTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Board shall submit a report outlining the comprehensive plan for strategies pursuant to subsection (f) to— (A) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; (B) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and (C) the Administrator. (2) AVAILABILITY ONLINE .—The Administrator shall make the report publicly available online and in print. (h) SUNSET .—The Board shall terminate upon the submittal of the report pursuant to subsection (g). 
AMENDMENT NO . 59 OFFERED BY MR . GRAVES OF  
MISSOURI  At the end of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. 5ll. GAO STUDY ON THE EFFECT OF GRANTING AN EXCLUSIVE RIGHT OF AERONAUTICAL SERVICES TO AN AIRPORT SPONSOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the General Accountability Office shall conduct a study to examine the cases in which an airport sponsor exercised an exclusive right (commonly known as a ‘‘proprietary exclusive right’’), as described in the Federal Aviation Advisory Circular 150/15906 published on January 4, 2007. (b) REPORT .—At the end of the 2year period under subsection (a), the Administrator shall submit the findings of such report to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 61 OFFERED BY MR . KILMER OF  
WASHINGTON  At the end of title V, insert the following: 
Section 47106 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) EVALUATION OF AIRPORT MASTER  PLANS .—When evaluating the master plan of an airport for purposes of this subchapter, the Secretary shall take into account— ‘‘(1) the role the airport plays with respect to medical emergencies and evacuations; and ‘‘(2) the role the airport plays in emergency or disaster preparedness in the community served by the airport.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 62 OFFERED BY MR . PANETTA  
OF CALIFORNIA  At the end of title V of the bill, add the following: 
(a) S TUDY .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall evaluate alternative metrics to the current average day night level standard, such as the use of actual noise sampling and other methods, to address community airplane noise concerns. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the study, including a description of the proposed structure of a recommended pilot program. 
AMENDMENT NO . 64 OFFERED BY MR . HILL OF  
ARKANSAS  At the end of title V (page 267, after line 10), insert the following: 
SEC. 543. REPORT ON STATUS OF AGREEMENT BETWEEN FAA AND LITTLE ROCK PORT AUTHORITY. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives 
and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the agreement between the Federal Aviation Administration and the Little Rock Port Authority to relocate the Little Rock, Very High Frequency Omnidirectional Range with Collocated Tactical Air Control and Navigation (LIT VORTAC). (b) REPORT CONTENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The status of the efforts by the Federal Aviation Administration to relocate the LIT VORTAC. (2) The longterm and shortterm budget projections for the relocation project. (3) A description of and timeline for each phase of the relocation project. (4) A description of and explanation for the required location radius. (5) A description of work completed by the Federal Aviation Administration as of the date of the report. 
AMENDMENT NO . 65 OFFERED BY MRS . LOWEY OF  
NEW YORK  At the end of title V, insert the following: 
Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall— (1) study the prevalence of allergic reactions on board flights, whether airlines universally report reactions to the Federal Aviation Administration, and the frequency of first aid inventory checks to ensure medicine to prevent anaphylactic shock is in an aircraft; and (2) submit a report to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Energy and Commerce, and Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, and Appropriations of the Senate. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I support considering these amendments en bloc, all of which have been approved by both the majority and the minority. These Members put forward thoughtful amendments, and I am pleased to be able to support moving them en bloc. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. DAVIS.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the committee for including amendment No. 111 in this en bloc. After the tragic fires that we have seen in California, we must do everything possibly to protect our communities. In San Diego, helicopters and air tankers had to be grounded during fire fights after recreational drones were spotted in the area. These drones can pose a risk to aircraft and emergency personnel flying overhead. That is why my amendment would protect emergency response efforts from interruptions by drones and direct the FAA to work with local agencies to inform the public about this issue. I want to thank, again, the committee for their tireless work on this bill. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ). b1415 Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Chairman, the Northern Plains Unmanned Aircraft Systems Test Site in Grand Forks, North Dakota, is doing extensive work with private industry stakeholders in advancing this very important emerging industry. However, the growth of the UAS industry is reliant on receiving dedicated spectrum allocation to ensure the connection for beyond visual line of sight operations. My amendment simply directs the FAA, the NTIA, and the FCC to submit to Congress a report on whether UAS operations of all sizes, at all altitudes, should be permitted to operate on spectrum that is designated for aviation use. It may also include recommendations of other licensed spectrum frequencies, such as LTE, that may be appropriate for flying UAS. I encourage my colleagues to vote for my amendment to advance the UAS industry, and I look forward to working with stakeholders and Members of the Senate to take it across the finish line. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I rise to support the en bloc amendment, which includes my amendment to H.R. 4. I thank the chairman and ranking member for their work on this important bill, as well as the inclusion of a section that would require airlines to provide consumers with a onepage description of their rights as passengers. My amendment will amend this section to ensure that passengers are notified of what compensation airlines provide—including rebooking options, refunds, meals, and lodging—if a passenger’s flight is diverted. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chairman and ranking member for including this and for their efforts, and urge adoption of this very proconsumer amendment. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ). Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and ranking member for taking our amendment and including it in the en bloc amendment. It is a GAO study of revenue diversion by airports. I think it is important for three different reasons: One, it ties to the very heart of equity or fairness, the idea of all entities under law being treated equally. What we have now is a 35year tradition wherein 20 airports have been exempted in a way that the other 380 primary airports in this country are not. Two, this is about recognizing that you can’t use that which you divert. In 2015 alone, more than $1 billion was diverted from airport operations to other, and if we are going to say we need more money, let’s use first some money we have, which would bring me to my final point: You should always spend what you have before you go asking for more. I think this is particularly important when you talk about $130 billion of need within the airport system; that you simply spend within the system first before you go to the taxpayer asking for yet more. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ). Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the en bloc package, which includes my amendment to the FAA Reauthorization Act relating to air passengers with disabilities. I also want to thank the chairman and ranking member for including an air passengers with disabilities bill of rights in the manager’s amendment. The Air Carrier Access Act was enacted in 1986 to prohibit discrimination based on disability in air travel. Despite progress, travelers with disabilities still encounter significant barriers. My amendment requires the Secretary of Transportation to review and, if necessary, revise regulations issued under the act. In particular, it focuses on providing timelier and more effective assistance to people with disabilities, including by improving handson training for airline personnel. Inadequate assistance for people with disabilities can lead to unacceptable delays, missed flights, and even passenger injuries. We can and must do better. Mr. Chairman, I have traveled all over the world, and I have dealt with those airlines who do things the right way and treat people with disabilities with respect and have good processes in place and other airlines that need more improvement and need to work harder at this. These amendments and this bill will help us to get there. I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their hard work. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BANKS ). Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Chairman SHUSTER and my colleagues for their work on this underlying legislation. My amendment is simple. It would designate the hangar at Smith Airfield in Ft. Wayne, in my district, as the National Airmail Museum. Currently, there is no such museum with this particular designation. I want to also make clear that my amendment prohibits any Federal funding to support this important initiative for the community. It is a zerocost amendment. The significance of hangar number 2, which is the only example of Clark W. Smith’s patented carousel design, makes it a fine fit for this designation. In 1911, the United States Postal Service began airmail delivery, and in 1930, 
commercial airmail service came to Smith Airfield. Mr. Chairman, this recognition would be a great addition to my community and a vital tool to educate the American people on the significant role airmail played in the evolution of aviation. Furthermore, such recognition would propel the ongoing initiative to preserve and share the history of airmail. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and the en bloc amendment and support the preservation of airmail history. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’HALLERAN ). Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I would like to take a moment to thank the chairman and the ranking member for their support of my commonsense, bipartisan amendment that strengthens our commitment to rural America. The Essential Air Service is a critical link for residents and businesses in small and rural communities by linking service to hub airports in 36 States. EAS serves as an important economic tool in local communities. Page and Show Low, Arizona, in my district, are two communities that benefit from EAS, which allows businesses there to access larger markets and compete on a level playing field. My amendment simply requires the comptroller general to analyze the impact any proposed reforms to EAS it reports to Congress would have on the local communities that depend on the program. At a time when rural America is still recovering from economic recession, we should be working together to revitalize communities and create jobs. EAS is a vital resource in many of these communities across America, and we must continue to protect it. I thank Congressman DONYOUNG for cosponsoring this amendment and being a stalwart champion for EAS. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for including it in their en bloc package. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to close, so I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. PANETTA ). Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Chairman, I thank Ranking Member DEFAZIO and Chairman SHUSTER . Our families have some history, but I also appreciate your friendship and leadership on this issue. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 4. My amendment will ensure that the FAA studies alternative ways to measure sound over a period of time, such as actual noise sampling, to properly capture the experience of those on the ground. I offer this amendment for my constituents in Carmel Valley to Capitola to Santa Cruz. Those are people who lived in communities that were once quiet until the FAA NextGen changed the routes over their houses back in 2015. Their health, their sleep, their pets, their wellbeing were all affected by the sound of jet engines, air brakes, and landing gear. I appreciate the work that FAA has done to get us close to quieter skies in my community, as well as the Select Committee on these issues and their work with the FAA. However, like many Members who have districts who have faced these types of airplane noise concerns, I believe that the existing daynight level 65decibel standard is out of date, out of touch, and inadequate to measure the amount of sound pollution impacting our communities. My amendment would ensure not just alternative ways, but proper ways to study noise sampling. I appreciate the committee for including this amendment en bloc. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. BIGGS). Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is straightforward and simply requires the Department of Transportation to provide a costbenefit analysis to Congress before moving forward with changes to what is commonly referred to as the mishandled baggage reporting rule. If DOT wants to alter a sensible reporting requirement that has been in place for decades, it should, at the very least, be asked to justify it with a costbenefit analysis. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I encourage my colleagues to support the en bloc package, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chair, I rise to speak in support of this En Bloc amendment package, which contains two of my amendments to the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. It is no secret our Air Traffic Control system is antiquated. It relies on old technology and old techniques. It is a safe system, but it is ineffective and could be significantly improved. Despite billions and billions of taxpayer dollars spent over the past 30 years to make it better, the system still largely relies on World War II era radar technology. The Government Accountability Office and the Department of Transportation Inspector General have both said the FAA lags massively behind in bringing Air Traffic Control into the 21st Century. NextGen—the common name for these modernization efforts—has cost well over seven billion dollars already with no implementation date—still. We all know the promise that Air Traffic Control modernization holds, but we also know NextGen has taken too long and cost too much money to fully implement. My amendments today will help expedite full NextGen deployment and get taxpayers the return on investment they deserve and expect. My first amendment to H.R. 4 would establish a pilot program to demonstrate the full promise of NextGen technologies. This pilot program could also show policy makers and the Federal Aviation Administration where we still have room for improvement in NextGen. There are some airports and some planes that have begun to use the newest technologies. After this many years and this many dollars spent, it certainly makes sense that would be the case. My amendment today would create a limited pilot program, with a sunset date and a reporting requirement, for planes and airports with the latest NextGen technologies. This pilot program would allow for limited enhanced access for planes with the latest technology, at a limited number of airports. The parameters for the pilot program would be developed by the Federal Aviation Administration after consultations with aircraft operators, manufacturers, and airport sponsors. Here’s what we can find out with such a program: How good can a fully implemented NextGen be? How will pilots and airports utilize the system? Where are areas that need more attention? How much more investment is necessary, and what will be the return on that investment? These are all questions that make sense to ask, and have been asked. This amendment and this pilot program takes those questions and creates an opportunity that will show policy makers and the public realworld and tangible—and measurable—results. To recap, my first amendment creates a limited pilot program to demonstrate what a fully implemented NextGen system could look like. It has an end date, so it’s not an openended program. It requires the FAA to report to Congress once the pilot program is ended. After reviewing the results, policy makers and the FAA would have greater knowledge about how best to finish NextGen implementation, and how to run a fully modernized Air Traffic Control system. My second amendment to the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, paired with the first one, will further ensure Air Traffic Control modernization stays on track. Today’s Manager’s Amendment from Chairman SHUSTER requires the FAA to tell Congress and the public how much time, effort, and money has gone in to NextGen to date, and what the returns on that investment are so far. It also requires the DOT IG to examine that report from the FAA for accuracy and completeness. My second amendment today builds upon these accountability measures put forward by Chairman SHUSTER . My amendment requires the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation to study the potential impacts of a significantly delayed, significantly diminished, or completely failed delivery of the NextGen modernization initiative. My amendment is forward looking, and helps hold the FAA accountable to taxpayers. This examination by the IG would ask some very straightforward but very important questions. Questions like what are the potential impacts on the operational efficiency of our aviation system without NextGen; how would a failed NextGen delivery impact our international competiveness; what would be the impact on the flying public; what would be the overall economic impact; how would it effect stakeholder use of the system; and more. These are all questions that we need answers for. By having this information, Congress and the American people will know how much is at stake and where we need to make adjustments. NextGen is an opportunity, but if that 
opportunity isn’t fully realized, investments to date will be for naught, and all the benefits of a fully modernized Air Traffic Control system will not be realized. Failure is not an option, and Congress needs to do everything in our power to keep the FAA on track. In sum, my amendment makes the DOT IG do a deep dive into the worst case scenarios for NextGen implementation. By having these answers, Congress and the taxpayers will have a full picture of the need to expedite Air Traffic Control modernization, and what more needs to be done to get our aviation system in to the 21st Century. I am pleased both of my amendments are included in the En Bloc package, because I believe they will expedite NextGen deployment and will help modernize our Air Traffic Control systems. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . HIGGINS OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 41 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title IV, insert the following: 
SEC. 6ll. AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN FLIGHTS BY STAGE 2 AIRPLANES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 47534 of title 49, United States Code, not late than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall initiate a pilot program to permit the operator of a Stage 2 airplane to operate that airplane in revenue and nonrevenue service into medium hub airports or nonhub airports if— (1) the airport— (A) is certified under part 139 of 14, Code of Federal Regulations; (B) has a runway that— (i) is longer than 8,000 feet and not less than 200 feet wide; and (ii) is load bearing with a pavement classification number of not less than 38; (C) has a maintenance facility with a maintenance certificate issued under part 145 of such title; and (D) certifies annually to the Administrator that the airport intends to continue participating in the pilot program; (2) the operator of the Stage 2 airplane operates not more than 10 flights per month using that airplane; and (3) revenue flights will be limited to flights transporting specific and necessary equipment to maintain or improve the vital industry of small rural communities. (b) TERMINATION .—The regulations required by subsection (a) shall terminate on the earlier of— (1) the date that is 10 years after the date of the enactment of the Act; or (2) the date on which the Administrator determines that no Stage 2 airplane remain in service. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) MEDIUM HUB AIRPORT ; NONHUB AIPORT .— The terms ‘‘medium hub airport’’ and ‘‘nonhub airport’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 40102 of the title 49, United States Code. (2) STAGE 2 AIRPLANE .—The term ‘‘Stage 2 airplane’’ has the meaning given that term in section 91.851 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. HIGGINS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is very simple. If adopted, it would require the administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to initiate a 10year pilot program to permit operators of State 2 airplanes to conduct operations in mediumhub or nonhub airports. This pilot program would additionally require that participating airports certify each year that they wish to remain in the program. The whole purpose of my amendment is to allow rural airports that are located outside of more heavily populated areas to have the ability to conduct commercial and noncommercial activities that currently are not allowed. Mr. Chairman, this is a probusiness and commonsense amendment, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it and the passage of Chairman SHUSTER ’s underlying bill. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time. We have already heard a lot today about noise complaints, and State 2 are very noisy aircraft. They were phased out of revenue service about 15 years ago. They are noisy. They consume more fuel. And I am not quite certain what uses these five or so airports might have and what this pilot program would look like. So I have a number of concerns about the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to reclaim my time. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 4 minutes. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ). Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. HIGGINS for yielding. I believe this amendment that initiates a pilot program allows small numbers of these aircraft to land in the United States for maintenance services. I understand what the gentleman is trying to do, and I want to stress the next point, that no community would have these older aircraft land at their airports unless they certify annually that they are willing to accept them. I think the gentleman is trying to create jobs in a district, in a rural area, that the noise will not affect and that will put hardworking Louisianans to work fixing these planes that still operate around the Caribbean. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I stand in support of this amendment, and I respect my colleague’s concerns. I have communicated thoroughly with my constituents in rural areas that would benefit from this amendment and allow the further use of rural airports without interfering with neighborhoods. It has broad support, my friend, across the communities that I represent, and I urge my colleague to reconsider and to support my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. HIGGINS ). The amendment was agreed to. b1430 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MR . DEFAZIO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 42 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk, No. 42. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 214, strike lines 11 through 15. Page 215, beginning on line 13, strike ‘‘Pursuant to section 828 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 44701 note), not’’ and insert ‘‘Not’’. Page 216, strike lines 1 through 5 and insert the following: (1) ICAO 
TECHNICAL INSTRUCTIONS .—The term ‘‘ICAO Technical Instructions’’ means the International Civil Aviation Organization Technical Instructions for the Safe Transport of Dangerous Goods by Air (as amended, including any amendments adopted after the date of enactment of this Act). At the end of title V, add the following: 
Section 828 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 44701 note), and the item relating to such section in the table of contents of such Act, is repealed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, years ago, people used to refer to the tombstone mentality at the FAA, with a lack of oversight where fatal accidents happened, loss of rudder control and other things like that that could have been prevented with proper maintenance. We have moved beyond that point to a much more engaged and active FAA, except Congress has imposed a tombstone mentality on the FAA. At the behest of Chinese battery manufacturers and large firms in the 
U.S. who utilize those batteries, an amendment was placed into a previous bill that prohibits the FAA from exercising its judgment about the safety of the carriage of lithium batteries on airplanes. Instead, we are bound to an international convention, the ICAO, which is very responsive to thirdworld countries and China and others in terms of seeking lowest common denominator regulation of anything that they can. Normally, we lead the world. Normally, we would say: No, get this stuff off aircraft. We have lost two 747s—two 747s. They were cargo aircraft. They went down because of lithium batteries. It only takes a very few lithium batteries. Do we have the lithium battery picture? This is packaging of lithium batteries. This is what happens with those lithium batteries if just one overheats and starts a spontaneous reaction— again, catastrophic to the aircraft. Now we are temporarily under an ICAO rule that says that they should not be carried in passenger aircraft, but they are still being regularly carried in the holds of cargo aircraft. Now, we have oceans. We have freighters. They have containers. You could plan ahead. Let’s say 2 months from now we are going to say these things don’t go in the air anymore because, okay, yeah, you are right; there are only a couple of pilots who are going to lose their lives. It kind of concerns me. Well, what happens if the 747 comes down in a populated area? Oops, a lot more people lose their lives. So you can say 2 months from now they are not going to be on aircraft anymore and the industry can set up a new supply chain of putting these things in containers and shipping them across the ocean in a way that will not endanger people on the ground and, in all probability, will not lead to fatalities if there were an uncontained spontaneous ignition of these batteries. Even worse, this administration has designated that the—did you ever hear of this?—Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, PHMSA, which is a little tiny, pretty dysfunctional agency, will take over the authority for the regulation and the negotiation of the regulation of lithium batteries from the FAA. What does PHMSA, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, know about aviation? Nothing. Zero. Nada. Nothing. So I guess, again, we are seeing the clout of the manufacturers and the Chinese battery manufacturers. Theoretically, they are safer now because they can only be charged to 30 percent, but often the Chinese just kind of forget to do it that way and put them on the planes anyway. So this is an accident waiting to happen. It is an imposition of a tombstone mentality on the FAA by Congress. It says, until there is another proven crash due to lithium batteries, we can’t regulate. Come on. Really? Another proven crash, we can’t regulate? Let’s give the FAA the authority to regulate these batteries. They could probably develop containers, maybe, that they could go in and still be on aircraft, but there are other ways of moving these batteries in world commerce. So I would urge adoption of my amendment and the repeal of the tombstone mentality mandate on the FAA. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment. The amendment would repeal existing law that has been in place since 2012. The law generally prevents DOT from adopting lithium battery regulations that are not harmonized with international standards. Existing law represents a balanced approach that allows DOT to issue regulations that exceed international requirements if the Secretary has credible evidence that lithium batteries would substantially contribute to onboard fires. Billions of lithium batteries and lithiumbattery containing products are shipped safely by air every year. Shipments by air into the U.S. in 2017 were valued at approximately $120 billion, which also means there are thousands of jobs attached to these. Aviation is a global industry, and it is very important there not be a patchwork of regulations. The international body studying the global standards for lithium battery transport requirements has been very active on the issue, and the United States has been centrally involved. In reality, the international effort on lithium batteries has been ahead of the DOT in terms of implementing requirements. Additionally, H.R. 4 continues to focus on safely transporting the products that almost all Americans rely on. It assures expert participation in all panels and working groups of international test or standardsetting organizations in which the United States participates. It avoids creating a burdensome patchwork of regulations, provides the Secretary of Transportation with the authority to deal with this, and creates a Lithium Battery Air Safety Advisory Committee to ensure that the best and safest policy positions are developed and synchronized in the U.S. This amendment also would put exclusive powers to represent the United States internationally on transport issues in the hands of the FAA, despite hazardous materials transportation affecting all modes of transportation. Currently, the Secretary of Transportation is statutorily directed to represent the United States in international forums for transporting hazardous materials in international commerce. It is the Secretary’s discretion to delegate this authority to her or his choice of agencies. Discretion appropriately rests with the Secretary. Experts agree that uniform international transportation regulation is a key to safety, so I would urge all Members to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, this doesn’t tell the FAA nor mandate the FAA to regulate lithium batteries. It would allow the status quo, which means the FAA would have the authority to determine whether they represent an inordinate risk and there should be strictures put upon their transport, whether it is containers or other strictures, as opposed to following the lowest common denominator international organization. You know, airplane manufacturers see the risk. According to the International Coordination Council for Aerospace Industries Association, which includes Boeing and Airbus, they say: ‘‘Existing cargo compartment fire protection systems . . . are unable to suppress or extinguish a fire involving significant quantities of lithium batteries ....  Therefore, continuing to allow the carriage of lithium batteries within today’s transport category aircraft cargo compartments is an unacceptable risk to the air transport industry.’’ Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate my colleague’s passion on this issue. I would, again, say, having a system that is harmonized throughout the world is critical. ICAO has already said in their standard that they recommend that we don’t carry them on passenger aircraft, so our industry in America has done that. Further, the companies that ship cargo—UPS, FedEx—are working, and I have seen what they have done to make sure that the crews of cargo planes are protected. Again, the private industry understands this, and they are moving forward to develop these systems that contain it or suppression systems. So, again, I believe that the best way forward is to, again, harmonize with the rest of the world and continue to ship billions of dollars of these batteries safely every year. Again, I urge my colleagues to not support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon will be postponed. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair understands that amendment No. 44 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MR . COHEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 46 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chair, to affirm what the chairman already knows, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5ll. ACCESS OF AIR CARRIERS TO INFORMATION ABOUT APPLICANTS TO BE PILOTS FROM NATIONAL DRIVER REGISTER. 
Section 30305(b)(8) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(8)(A) An individual who is seeking employment by an air carrier as a pilot may request the chief driver licensing official of a State to provide information about the individual under subsection (a) of this section to the prospective employer of the individual, the authorized agent of the prospective employer, or the Secretary of Transportation. ‘‘(B) An air carrier that is the prospective employer of an individual described in subparagraph (A), or an authorized agent of such an air carrier, may request and receive information about that individual from the National Driver Register through an organization approved by the Secretary for purposes of requesting, receiving, and transmitting such information directly to the prospective employer of such an individual or the authorized agent of the prospective employer. ‘‘(C) Information may not be obtained from the National Driver Register under this paragraph if the information was entered in the Register more than 5 years before the request unless the information is about a revocation or suspension still in effect on the date of the request.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that amendment No. 46 printed in part A of House Report 115–650 be modified by the form I have placed at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the modification. The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment No. 46 printed in part A of House Report 115– 650 offered by Mr. COHEN : 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5ll. ACCESS OF AIR CARRIERS TO INFORMATION ABOUT APPLICANTS TO BE PILOTS FROM NATIONAL DRIVER REGISTER. 
Section 30305(b)(8) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(8)(A) An individual who is seeking employment by an air carrier as a pilot may request the chief driver licensing official of a State to provide information about the individual under subsection (a) of this section to the prospective employer of the individual, the authorized agent of the prospective employer, or the Secretary of Transportation. ‘‘(B) An air carrier that is the prospective employer of an individual described in subparagraph (A), or an authorized agent of such an air carrier, may request and receive information about that individual from the National Driver Register through an organization approved by the Secretary for purposes of requesting, receiving, and transmitting such information directly to the prospective employer of such an individual or the authorized agent of the prospective employer. A request for information shall be made in accordance with the requirements of section 44703(h)(2). ‘‘(C) Information may not be obtained from the National Driver Register under this paragraph if the information was entered in the Register more than 5 years before the request unless the information is about a revocation or suspension still in effect on the date of the request.’’. Mr. COHEN (during the reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that we not listen to any more of the modification but continue on with debate. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is modified. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this bipartisan, bicameral amendment, offered with my colleague on the Aviation Subcommittee, Mr. WOODALL , and spearheaded in the Senate by former military pilot, mother, and great Member, Senator TAMMY  DUCKWORTH of Illinois, and Senator PERDUE . This amendment is common sense and ensures the safety of the flying public. Our bipartisan amendment streamlines an onerous process that has led to unintended burdens and delays on the State Department of Motor Vehicles across the country and delays in getting prospective pilots eligible for employment. To be clear, this amendment does nothing to remove protections to pilots and their privacy already enshrined in Federal law. In 1996, Congress passed the Pilot Records Improvement Act, which mandated the airlines obtain driving records of all prospective pilot employees from the National Driver Registry. An unintended consequence came about requiring only the chief State licensing official could approve such request. This has caused delays at DMVs, and currently, most employees have to request these records from Missouri, since they are the sole State still willing to access the National Driver Registry for requests from all parties. That is not what was intended, and it requires a simple and technical fix that this amendment does bring about. That 1996 law also clearly and strictly stipulated the written consent that airlines require from pilots before obtaining their records and spells out strict guidelines on the privacy and use of that information. They cannot sell that information. Mr. Chairman, I support the amendment and ask that it be voted on and approved, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for offering this amendment. This amendment would streamline the process for airlines to obtain information from the National Driver Registry for airline pilots seeking employment. I thank the gentleman for offering this amendment, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I would just like to take my remaining time to thank Mr. SHUSTER for his work on this bill, and Mr. DEFAZIO for his work, too. They did bring about an excellent bill that I am proud to support. I have been proud to be a member of the committee with Mr. SHUSTER as the chair. He has done an outstanding job and done his father’s memory as a great chairman even greater honor. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. TIPTON ). The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ). The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. b1445 
AMENDMENT NO . 47 OFFERED BY MR . BURGESS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 47 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk, and I rise to speak in support of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Add at the end of title V the following: 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Unless authorized by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, a person may not operate an unmanned aircraft or unmanned aircraft system that is equipped or armed with a dangerous weapon. (b) DANGEROUS WEAPON DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘dangerous weapon’’ has the meaning given that term in section 930(g)(2) of title 18, United States Code. (c) PENALTY .—A person who violates this section is liable to the United States Government for a civil penalty of not more than $25,000 for each violation. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. B URGESS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, today, I offer an amendment to prevent a person from operating an unmanned aircraft or an unmanned aircraft system in the national airspace if that aircraft is equipped or armed with a dangerous weapon, unless that equipment is authorized by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration. I have introduced this important language as the No Armed Drones Act since the 112th Congress. In 2015, an 18yearold in Connecticut built a multirotor drone mounted with a .45caliber semiautomatic handgun capable of firing live ammunition while flying. This individual demonstrated how easy it was for a private citizen to create and operate an armed drone in his YouTube video entitled ‘‘Flying Gun.’’ Police did not arrest this person, saying that no violation of law had occurred. According to the thenchief of police in Clinton, Connecticut, where the drone video was made, this appeared to be a case of technology surpassing current legislation. In response to this and other drone incidents, government agencies are developing counterdrone technology to redirect rogue drones. Police say their greatest fear, with the increase in the use of recreational drones, is their weaponization. In addition, North Dakota has allowed law enforcement to fly drones armed with ‘‘less than lethal’’ weapons since 2015, something many in law enforcement say they are not comfortable doing. The use of drones for regular business operations is increasing, and that is a good thing. Farmers use drones to inspect their crops, security companies use drones to conduct surveillance over guarded properties, home repair companies use drones to assess damage on structures, and drones are even beginning to be used for home delivery services. While these abilities may prove convenient to our daily lives, we must not let the civilian applications of drone technology advance to weaponization. Outside of the United States, terrorist groups in the Middle East have used small drones as weapons. There is real concern that homegrown extremists in the United States could do the same thing. It is imperative that we take steps to protect the public before death by armed drone becomes a headline. There is no statute in the United States Code that affirmatively states that an unmanned aircraft system may not be used in the national airspace as a weapon. This amendment today protects the public from drones that have been weaponized, both lethal and nonlethal, by private citizens by preventing a person from flying an armed drone in the national airspace without FAA authorization. A person who violates this requirement may be fined a civil penalty of up to $25,000 per violation under the statute. I offer this language as an amendment to the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018 in order to align current legislation with available technology. It is time we take a preemptive, rather than a reactive, step to protect all Americans. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I support this amendment. This seems very commonsense to me. Earlier in the en bloc, my amendment was adopted, which would give the FAA authority to begin regulation of the small drones, which currently has been prohibited by a statute earlier adopted by Congress. If this passes, that will allow the FAA, if my amendment stands in conference, to adopt this commonsense rule. Should my amendment not be adopted in conference with the Senate, and we pass this, the FAA would not have the authority to prohibit arming of small drones since they are prohibited from regulating them. Hopefully, both things will occur. Mr. Chairman, I recommend adoption of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 49 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title V, insert the following: 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 44738. Helicopter fuel system safety ‘‘(a) PROHIBITION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—A person may not operate a covered rotorcraft in United States airspace unless the design of the rotorcraft is certified by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to— ‘‘(A) comply with the requirements applicable to the category of the rotorcraft under paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (5), and (6) of section 27.952(a), section 27.952(c), section 27.952(f), section 27.952(g), section 27.963(g) (but allowing for a minimum puncture force of 250 pounds if successfully drop tested instructure), and section 27.975(b) or paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (5), and (6) of section 29.952(a), section 29.952(c), section 29.952(f), section 29.952(g),section 29.963(b) (but allowing for a minimum puncture force of 250 pounds if successfully drop tested instructure), and 29.975(a)(7) of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of enactment; or ‘‘(B) employ other means acceptable to the Administrator to provide an equivalent level of fuel system crash resistance. ‘‘(2) COVERED ROTORCRAFT DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘covered rotorcraft’ means a rotorcraft not otherwise required to comply with section 27.952, section 27.963, and section 27.975, or section 29.952, section 29.963, and section 29.975 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations as in effect on the date of enactment for which manufacture was completed, as determined by the Administrator, on or after the date that is 18 months after the date of enactment of this section. ‘‘(b) ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS .—The Ad ministrator shall— ‘‘(1) expedite the certification and validation of United States and foreign type designs and retrofit kits that improve fuel system crashworthiness; and ‘‘(2) not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, and periodically thereafter, issue a bulletin to— ‘‘(A) inform rotorcraft owners and operators of available modifications to improve fuel system crashworthiness; and ‘‘(B) urge that such modifications be installed as soon as practicable. ‘‘(c) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to affect the operation of a rotorcraft by the Department of Defense.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘44738. Helicopter fuel system safety.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. PERLMUTTER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 3 minutes. First, I want to thank Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for working with me and Mr. POLIS, listening to our concerns, and I appreciate their assistance. I rise today to offer an amendment we have been working on for almost 3 years, which is designed to improve helicopter fuel system safety for newly manufactured helicopters. As the chairman knows, on July 3, 2015, a Flight for Life air ambulance helicopter took off in Frisco, Colorado. Just seconds later, the helicopter crashed in a parking lot next to the helipad. After impact, gasoline began to leak from the helicopter and a fire quickly erupted trapping the crew. The crash itself was largely survivable, but the postcrash fire contributed to the death of the pilot, Patrick Mahany, and severely burned the two flight nurses—Dave Repsher and Matthew Bowe. One of the flight nurses suffered burns on more than 90 percent of his body. As we began learning what happened in Frisco, we discovered that a 1994 
FAA rulemaking required all newly certified helicopter designs to incorporate crash resistant fuel systems. The problem is that helicopter designs are certified once and then can be manufactured for years. So new helicopters, like the 1yearold helicopter which crashed in Frisco, Colorado, are being built to a now unsafe design from the 1970s. Mr. Chairman, this is wrong. Since that 1994 rulemaking, there have been more than 175 postcrash fires and at least 80 deaths. We can do better, and we must do better. Since 2015, the FAA has finally started to address the issue. They convened the Rotorcraft Occupant Protection Working Group and tasked them with determining what requirements to place on newly manufactured helicopters moving forward. That working group submitted their final report last month and made evidencebased recommendations about what safety features should be required. My amendment today implements those recommendations of the working group by requiring all newly manufactured helicopters to be built with safer fuel systems within 18 months. We have known about this problem for decades, and it is past time we close the loophole from 1994 and improve the safety of these helicopters. Two people deserve special thanks: Patrick Mahany’s wife, Karen, for her tireless advocacy for safer helicopters; and Chris Vanderveen, from KUSA Channel 9, for his diligent reporting about the dangers of these fragile and outdated fuel systems. I would also like to thank Air Methods, the Air Medical Operators Association, the General Aviation Manufacturers Association, and Helicopter Association International for working with me and my staff. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD letters of support from Air Methods, Helicopter Association International, and Air Medical Operators Association. 
AIRMETHODS , Greenwood Village, CO, April 24, 2018. Hon. EDPERLMUTTER , Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE PERLMUTTER : As the House of Representatives prepares to consider HR. 4, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) Reauthorization Act of 2018, on behalf of Air Methods, I want to thank you for your dedication and attention to aviation safety, and in particular your tireless efforts to make helicopter fuel systems safer by equipping them with crash resistant fuel systems (CRFS). At Air Methods, safety is our top priority. We have worked continuously to strengthen our practices, instill a culture of safety throughout our organization, and contribute to industrywide advances in aviation safety. As part of Air Methods’ dedication to the safety of its crews and patients, we have committed to retrofitting our Airbus H125 and H130 (formally known as EC130) fleet with the updated CRFS. As you may know, in 2015 we partnered with Vector Aerospace to conduct CRFS testing and seek certification for a crash resistant fuel system for all Airbus singleengine helicopters we operate. The first H125 with the new system arrived at Air Methods’ headquarters in Denver, CO on Dec. 30, 2017, following the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) supplemental type certificate approval. To date, Air Methods has received and completed the installation of 14 CRFS in our fleet. The Company intends to roll out an entire fleet of retrofitted Airbus H125 and H130 over the next two years. We believe the CRFS program is critical to the air medical transportation industry and have been advocating for and supporting CRFS for several years. We look forward to continuing to work together with you and other legislators to support efforts to improve industrywide safety standards in aviation safety and ensure the safety of those who fly with us. Thank you for your leadership and willingness to engage Air Methods while working toward ensuring safety for our patients and crews. We look forward to working alongside you and your office to promote aviation safety. Sincerely, MR. AARON TODD, Chief Executive Officer, Air Methods Corporation. 
HAI S TATEMENT ON REPRESENTATIVE  PERLMUTTER ’SAMENDMENT  WASHINGTON , DC, A PRIL 25 , 2018.—Helicopter Association International (HAI) commends Rep. Ed Perlmutter (DColo.) for his collaborative efforts in drafting Amendment 29 to improve helicopter fuel system safety. Amendment 29 implements recommendations from the FAA Rotorcraft Occupant Protection Working Group to require all newly manufactured helicopters to meet certain standards to improve the crash resistance of helicopter fuel systems within 18 months. HAI appreciates Rep. Perlmutter’s work in addressing this important safety issue and for his commitment to work so closely with the working group’s recommendations. As an advocate for safety in the helicopter industry, HAI has been an active participant in the FAA Rotorcraft Occupant Protection Working Group and is committed to the safety improvements the group’s recommendation has brought before the industry. HAI is the professional trade association for the civil helicopter industry. HAI’s 1,500 plus organizational members and 1,800 individual members operate more than 4,500 helicopters approximately 2.3 million flight hours each year in 73 nations. HAI is dedicated to the promotion of the helicopter as a safe, effective business tool and to the advancement of the international helicopter community. 
AIRMEDICAL OPERATORS ASSOCIATION , Alexandria, VA, April 24, 2018. Hon. EDPERLMUTTER , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CONGRESSMAN PERLMUTTER : On be half of the Air Medical Operators Association (AMOA), I am writing today to express our support for your proposed amendment on ‘‘Helicopter Fuel System Safety’’. This amendment would codify the recommendations of the FAA’s Rotorcraft Occupant Protection Working Group on Crash Resistant Fuel Systems (CRFS). Since its founding in 2009, AMOA and its member companies have committed to an ongoing series of safety enhancements and investments. Our efforts include actions to comply with the FAA’s Helicopter Air Ambulance rule, such as installing Helicopter Terrain Awareness and Warning Systems (HTAWS) and Flight Data Monitoring Systems (FDMS), and establishing Operations Control Centers (OCC). AMOA member companies have also gone above and beyond regulatory requirements by undertaking voluntary safety initiatives, including the use of Night Vision Goggles (NVGs). In November, 2015, AMOA announced a commitment to the installation of CRFS in all new aircraft and equipping current aircraft with CRFS as those products become available. We also supported the inclusion of Section 2105 of the ‘‘FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act of 2016’’, which directed the FAA to ‘‘evaluate and update, as necessary, standards for crashresistant fuel systems for civilian rotorcraft’’. We are pleased to support your amendment as another positive step in the continuous effort to improve the safety of the lifesaving transportation provided by AMOA’s member companies. AMOA urges the House to adopt your amendment. Thank you for your work on this very important issue. Sincerely, SALLY VEITH, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR , Air Medical Operators Association. 
Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member DEFAZIO for their help through this process. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for offering his amendment. This amendment implements critical recommendations from the FAA’s Rotorcraft Occupant Protection Working Group. Specifically the amendment will require newly manufactured helicopters meet specific safety standards to prevent postcrash fires from occurring. In many cases, fatal helicopter accidents are due to postcrash fires rather than the impact itself. Equipping these new helicopters with crash resistant fuel systems is absolutely critical in preventing thermal injuries and fatalities. I thank the gentleman for his continued leadership and persistence. When I say persistence, the gentleman has been working on this issue for a number of years, so, again, I congratulate him for that effort. Mr. Chairman, I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to another gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Representative PERLMUTTER . I am proud to join him in offering this amendment, which comes in a direct response to a tragedy that occurred in the district I am honored to represent, and countless other tragedies across the country. 
As Representative P ERLMUTTER mentioned, back in 2015, there was a Flight for Life crash in Frisco, Colorado. The pilot, Patrick Mahany, died, and one person on board is still in the recovery process. The death and damage was caused not directly from the crash, but from the lack of a crash resistant fuel system that is already mandated in military helicopters, but, for some ridiculous reason, it is not mandated in civilian aircraft like the Flight for Life helicopter. I want to thank the widow of Patrick, Karen Mahany, for keeping this issue in front and foremost. I know how difficult it must be to go through a personal mourning process, but then to look above that and say: Let’s stop this kind of tragedy from affecting other families. That is what Karen has done by putting herself out there. I am honored to be supportive of this amendment here today that will save lives and make sure that Patrick is among the last to suffer from a loss of life from this lack of simple safety equipment in helicopters. This important amendment simply requires the FAA to mandate crash resistant fuel systems in newly manufactured helicopters. I am also working on a tax credit to help fund retrofitting of existing helicopters. We can’t let another tragedy lead to loss of life from an avoidable problem. All helicopters should be equipped with the best, most effective, and costeffective technology available. Mr. Chairman, I strongly encourage my colleagues to adopt this amendment and ensure that this is part of the final bill that comes out of the House and Senate as well. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Chairman, I have no other speakers on this. I would ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote on amendment No. 49, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. PERLMUTTER ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 53 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 60 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title V of the bill, add the following: 
The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall ensure that all aircraft transitioning from flight over ocean to flight over land shall fly at a safe altitude. Such altitude shall not be lower than specific flight operations require. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Congressman DEFAZIO and, of course, Chairman SHUSTER for their hard work that they put into this. Unfortunately, my amendment, as it indicates, is that a large part of the job that I would have hoped that would have been accomplished by the FAA reauthorization was not done in a way that handles what is, in my area, the most significant problem. There are a great many provisions there. But my amendment today, which I am advocating today, seeks to correct one area that has been given underwhelmingly little treatment in this legislation, and that is called: correcting the problems of air noise over our neighborhoods. b1500 My amendment, the amendment we are discussing at this point, will ensure that aircraft transitioning from flight over ocean to flight over land be no lower than is absolutely necessary for safety. Many times over our coastal communities, planes are flying much lower on approach, after taking off, and briefly climbing back over the ocean and then over the land. There is no reason that some aircraft need to be at 1,600 feet when other aircraft can safely fly at 3,500 feet. This amendment will correct that problem. It will require those aircraft that are coming over the ocean and onto land and into some flight pattern in our local airports and nationally in those airports, that they fly at the highest altitude that is safe in this situation. Unfortunately, I have had four amendments that were not permitted that would have corrected the noise problem altogether and it would have said that we would have then been able to address it. The reason it wasn’t addressed as the bill was being prepared is that this legislation and the regulations of the FAA say that safety will be the first priority, efficiency will be the second priority, and then community impact on those communities below have third priority. Well, the fact is there is no reason why—number one, safety does have to be first, we know that—but there is no reason why the excessive noise and the impact of noise and pollution on the cities below a landing area or a taking off area should not have more consideration than simply the efficiency of the airlines to save a few minutes. I am very upset that those amendments that would have corrected this problem—number one, all we have to do is make sure that we are mandating the right priorities for the FAA; that efficiency is less important than the communities that are being flown over, because every day, those people have to experience noise and pollution due to the fact that they live near an airport. So those amendments, however, were not made in order, and I would officially hope that we can deal with that later, but that is a great disservice to those people around the country who are suffering excessive noise that didn’t need to happen. So this amendment goes far enough in terms of an issue like that, but we should be solving the problem by changing the priorities and mandating that all airplanes, when they are flying over populated areas, the people who they are flying over have to be given consideration by making sure that that plane is flying at the highest altitude that is safe. Unfortunately, as I say, the amendments that I offered that would have mandated that actually were not made in order. This amendment will come to grips a little bit on this issue, but we had an opportunity here to change and to solve one of the basic complaints that are being made throughout our country by American citizens when dealing with air traffic. When we are here, our job isn’t just to watch out for the airliners. That is not it. We have to be considerate about the American people, and especially those people whose homes are there underneath the flight patterns. That is not what has happened in this legislation, and I am very disturbed about it, because I had five amendments that would have solved this problem once and for all, would have been fair to the airlines, would have made sure we were safe, that people were safe, but at the same time, we would see that the American people who live underneath these flight paths were treated fairly and that their families were not put at risk by excessive noise and by pollution that comes from airlines flying overhead. Mr. Chair, I ask for my amendment to be accepted, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida). The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the fact that the gentleman is representing very well his constituents’ concerns. We had an earlier discussion on the floor about the aircraft noise. An amendment was adopted to have the FAA study the speed of approach and takeoff, which can dramatically reduce the noise impact. I have also asked the FAA to look at establishing alternate performance based navigation routes so they are not using the same route every day over the same houses and the same neighborhoods. When I first saw this amendment, it seemed to me innocuous since it seems to follow the basic requirement in the 
controller handbook, FAA Order 7110.65, section 561, which addresses this issue. However, we have been contacted by the National Air Traffic Controllers union, and they have expressed grave concerns that they think it may have unintended consequences. Unfortunately, they just contacted us, so we haven’t been able to get the details of their concerns. So in that case, I would have to oppose the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 63 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 63 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk made in order by the rule. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title V of the bill, add the following: 
None of the funds made available by this Act, including the amendments made by this Act, may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the prevailing rate of wage requirements in subchapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code (commonly referred to as the DavisBacon Act). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, this is an amendment that this House has seen before in different configurations, but it is known as the Davis Bacon amendment. What it does, it provides that none of the funds made available by this act may be used to implement, to administer, or enforce the prevailing rate of wage requirements, commonly referred to as the DavisBacon Act. Mr. Chairman, I think that we know what this bill does. It was in 1931, it was established for, I will say, trade protectionism, labor protectionism, to lock the AfricanAmerican labor from Alabama out of the construction trades in New York City that were unionized at that time and strongly protected, and still are, actually, but the substance of it is this. I have a letter here that was written by Grover Norquist, the president of Americans For Tax Reform, and in summary, it says this: Because the DavisBacon Act reduces the number of jobs, increases costs, and has a racist history, funds from the FAA Reauthorization Act should not be used to fulfill DavisBacon Act requirements. Americans For Tax Reform, therefore, strongly supports Congressman KING’s amendment. That is one version of description of this bill. Here is another one I thought was a little bit more descriptive. This is an article written by George Will, and it is dated June 19, 2017. He references back to River City, and he says a quote from that, ‘‘The Music Man’’: You really ought to give Iowa a try, provided you are contrary. He starts out this article this way, and the quote is from ‘‘Iowa Stubborn’’, a song in ‘‘The Music Man’’, Mr. Chairman. It says: 
Contrary does not quite capture S TEVE  KING’s astringency. The Iowa native and conservative Congressman was born, appropriately, in Storm Lake, Iowa, and carries turbulence with him. He also carries experience of actual life before politics, when he founded a construction company, which is one reason he has long advocated an excellent idea: repeal of the DavisBacon law. King came to Congress in 2003, and has been stubbornly submitting repeal legislation since 2005. He would not have succeeded even if he were less of a prickly cactus and more of a shrinking violet. DavisBacon is just another piece of government that is as indefensible as it is indestructible. And so today, when social hygienists are cleansing the public square of names and statues tainted by historical connections with racism, DavisBacon’s durability is proof that a measure’s racist pedigree will be forgiven if the measure serves a progressive agenda. 
It is time to put an end to Davis Bacon. We can do that here today, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, this is a perpetual debate here on the floor whenever it comes to the expenditure of Federal tax dollars on projects that are covered by DavisBacon, as would be projects under the Airport Improvement Program and other related activities by the FAA. The bottom line here is we can chase the lowest common denominator around the United States, or around the world sometimes, in terms of trade, and undermine the capability of Americans to make a decent living, to have a home and have a family, and live the American Dream. The savings are illusory at best. In many cases, they would go to profits for nonunion shops and others, and we would return to the old days of basically exploiting those who work in construction and related activities. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE). Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. DEFAZIO both for yielding, but especially for his leadership on this issue. As the ranking member said, this is something that comes up every year. Thankfully, Democrats and Republicans have stood together to protect this important worker protection. Let’s just be clear about this. This is about the desire to engage in this race to the bottom to pay working families less money. The truth of the matter is coming from a community, a community like Flint, Saginaw, Bay City, where we have seen significant and continuing loss of earned income by working people, where we have a chance to say to the American people that when it is your tax dollars being spent, we are not going to use them to undermine the ability of a family to have a decent wage. People work hard at these jobs, they have trained long for these jobs, going through apprenticeships or other skilled training, and the idea that we would reverse a decadeslong commitment to the American worker that when it comes to federally funded projects, we are going to ensure that if you work hard, play by the rules, you get a decent wage, I support that, and we all should. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to how much time is remaining on each side? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Iowa has 2 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Oregon has 3 minutes remaining. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I hear these arguments constantly: lowest common denominator, nonunion shops. We know it is union scale, there is a confession that it is, even though the law says that it is prevailing wage. Exploiting workers, race to the bottom, people work hard. These are standard lines that come out every year, but I am the one that has lived this. We have met payroll for over 42 years, and we pay a competitive wage. We want to hire the best people we can and pay them the best wages that we can, and we want to have the lowest turnover possible. And we are in pretty good shape that way after 42 years. I think I know about this. DavisBacon increases inefficiencies and it puts people in the wrong place doing the wrong thing for the wrong incentives. And by the way, who is hardworking? The taxpayers are hardworking. The taxpayers are paying the bill for an extra 20 percent on every construction project in America. In a lot of cases, we are borrowing the money from China and putting the debt onto our children. That is what we are faced with here, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, look around the country. There are many States 
that have not adopted a minimum wage that exceeds the Federal minimum wage of $7.50 an hour. That is pretty pathetic. My State is one of many that has chosen to far exceed that minimum wage, but if we do away with—this says that federally funded contracts must receive the local prevailing wage for their work. In Oregon, we have recognized that with a higher minimum wage, so our prevailing wages are going to be higher than some State that only follows the Federal minimum wage of $7.50 an hour. b1515 So what might some contractor do? Oh, I can go over here and hire people who are used to earning $7.50 an hour. I am going to import them into Oregon. Of course, you are going to still have a problem with our minimum wage law, but this is what this is about is to find less expensive labor and move it around the country, and that, I believe, is a disservice to the working people of the United States. I would urge Congress, as it has done every other time this amendment has been offered, to reject it on a broad bipartisan basis. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I appreciate the gentleman’s remarks, but I would add for the body that the Federal minimum wage really is not relevant at all to this Davis Bacon wage scale debate. There is nobody working under DavisBacon wage scales who is making minimum wage. And by the way, that Federal minimum wage is becoming irrelevant as competition for wages is driving things up. But here is another way to think about this: I have long said that if it is a road construction, you can build 5 miles of road instead of 4 if you get rid of DavisBacon; five bridges instead of four if you get rid of DavisBacon. If it happens to be river construction—we lost a lock and dam on the Mississippi going into the weekend, lock and dam No. 11. These things cost money. There are 29 of those. We could either fix 23 of them under Davis Bacon, or all 29 of them without Davis Bacon. There are 45 major airports in America; and if we are going to renovate those airports, we can renovate all of them, or we can renovate 36 of them, depending on whether this amendment passes or fails. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD a letter from Americans for Tax Reform and an article from The Washington Post. 
AMERICANS FOR TAXREFORM , Washington, DC, April 26, 2018. DEARMEMBERS OF CONGRESS : I am writing in support of Congressman Steve King’s (R– IA) amendment (#63) to the FAA Reauthorization Act, H.R. 4. The amendment prohibits the usage of funds from the bill to ‘‘implement, administer, or enforce’’ the prevailing wage requirements in the Davis Bacon Act. The DavisBacon Act is a 1931 federal law that has a history of high costs, lost jobs and racism. It requires contractors and subcontractors to pay the local ‘‘prevailing wage’’ on public works projects (over $2,000) for laborers and mechanics. The ‘‘prevailing wage’’ is usually a wage set by unions and is typically much higher than the average wage for the job in the area. This leads to higher government project costs, hurting small non unionized contractors and costing low skilled jobs. In fact, the Government Accountability Office (General Accounting Office) in 1979 urged the repeal of DavisBacon for these same reasons. Further, a 2011 study by the Heritage Foundation found that the Act added almost $11 billion to the deficit in 2011 in unnecessary expenses, while suspending the Act would have added 155,000 construction jobs. Finally, the Congressional Budget Office reported in 2016 that repealing the act would reduce discretionary outlays by $13 billion from 2018 through 2026. In addition to raising costs and losing jobs, the Act also has racist origins and was passed during the Great Depression because minority migrant workers were taking jobs meant for white locals at lower wages. Because the DavisBacon Act reduces the number of jobs, increases costs and has a racist history, funds from the FAA Reauthorization Act should not be used to fulfill DavisBacon Act requirements. Americans for Tax Reform, therefore, strongly supports Congressman King’s amendment. Sincerely, GROVER NORQUIST , President, Americans for Tax Reform. 
[From the Washington Post, June 19, 2017] A RACIST VESTIGE OF THE PASTTHAT PROGRESSIVES AREHAPPY TOLEAVE IN PLACE  (By George F. Will) ‘‘You really ought to give Iowa a try. Provided you are contrary.’’—‘‘Iowa Stubborn,’’ from Meredith Wilson’s ‘‘The Music Man’’ ‘‘Contrary’’ does not quite capture Steve King’s astringency. The Iowa native and conservative congressman was born, appropriately, in Storm Lake, and carries turbulence with him. He also carries experience of actual life before politics, when he founded a construction company, which is one reason he has long advocated an excellent idea—repeal of the DavisBacon law. King came to Congress in 2003 and has been stubbornly submitting repeal legislation since 2005. He would not have succeeded even if he were less of a prickly cactus and more of a shrinking violet. DavisBacon is just another piece of government that is as indefensible as it is indestructible. It is too secure to require defending because it benefits a muscular faction. Repeal would, however, reduce the cost of new infrastructure by many billions of dollars. And today, when social hygienists are cleansing the public square of names and statues tainted by historical connections with racism, DavisBacon’s durability is proof that a measure’s racist pedigree will be forgiven if the measure serves a progressive agenda. DavisBacon was enacted in 1931 to require construction contractors to pay ‘‘prevailing wages’’ on federal projects. Generally, this means paying union wage scales. It was enacted as domestic protectionism, largely to protect organized labor from competition by African Americans who often were excluded from union membership but who were successfully competing for jobs by being willing to work for lower wages. In 1927, Rep. Robert Bacon, a Long Island Republican, was miffed because the low bidder for a construction project in his district—a veterans’ hospital—was an Alabama contractor who used black labor. That year, when Bacon first introduced his legislation, he showed that he was not a narrowgauge bigot. He inserted into the Congressional Record the following statement by 34 professors concerning immigration legislation: ‘‘We urge the extension of the quota system to all countries of North and South America from which we have substantial immigration and in which the population is not predominantly of the white race . . . Only by this method can that large proportion of our population which is descended from the colonists . . . have their proper racial representation.’’ By 1931, the Depression had made government construction money especially coveted and DavisBacon passed with the support of the American Federation of Labor. The congressional debate that preceded enactment was replete with references to ‘‘unattached migratory workmen,’’ ‘‘itinerant labor,’’ ‘‘cheap, imported labor,’’ ‘‘cheap bootleg labor’’ and ‘‘labor lured from distant places’’ for ‘‘competition with white labor throughout the country.’’ Hearings on DavisBacon brought out the drollery in Rep. William Upshaw, a Georgia Democrat. He said he hoped his Northern colleagues in Congress would permit a Southerner to smile about ‘‘your reaction to that real problem you are confronted with in any community with a superabundance or large aggregation of Negro labor.’’ In 1931, the unemployment rate of blacks was approximately the same as the rate for the general population. DavisBacon is one reason the rate for blacks began to deviate adversely. In 1932, generally there were about 3,500 workers building what became Hoover Dam. Never more than 30 were black. In 1993, with Congress stoutly opposed to taking anything from something as powerful as organized labor, opponents of DavisBacon turned to the judiciary. A lawsuit on behalf of some minority contractors challenged the law’s constitutionality, arguing that it burdened the exercise of a fundamental civil right—the right to earn a living. And that it had a disparate impact on minority workers and small minorityowned construction businesses. The suit languished in court for almost a decade before the plaintiffs lost, victims of excessive judicial deference to the legislature. In 1992, to expedite cleanup after Hurricanes Andrew and Iniki, President George H.W. Bush suspended portions of Davis Bacon in South Florida, coastal Louisiana and Hawaii. Bush’s successor, Bill Clinton, promptly reversed Bush’s policy. A 2011 Heritage Foundation study estimated that DavisBacon would add almost $11 billion to that year’s construction costs. That sum will be eclipsed when—if—bold talk about making America’s infrastructure great again is translated into spending. Then we build up the national debt while purchasing less infrastructure than the appropriated sums should purchase. DavisBacon is rentseeking, the use of political power to supplant the market as the allocator of opportunity and wealth. Rent seeking is lucrative, which is why there is so much of it, even when its pedigree is repulsive. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I urge the adoption of my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa will be postponed. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 839, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 3 consisting of amendment Nos. 66, 69, 70, 71, 72, 73, 74, 76, 77, 80, 82, 83, 85, 86, 89, 90, 91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 98, 99, 100, and 101 printed in part A of House Report 115–650, offered by Mr. SHUSTER of Pennsylvania: 
FORTENBERRY OF NEBRASKA  At the end of title V, insert the following: 
Section 47102(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(P) Constructing storage facilities to shelter snow removal equipment or aircraft rescue and firefighting equipment that is owned by the airport sponsor and used exclusively to maintain safe airfield operations, up to the facility size necessary to accommodate the types and quantities of equipment prescribed by the FAA, regardless of whether Federal funding was used to acquire the equipment.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 69 OFFERED BY MR . SUOZZI OF  
NEW YORK  At the end of title V, add the following: 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on airline and passenger safety. (b) CONTENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) the average age of commercial aircraft owned and operated by United States air carriers; (2) the overall use of planes, including average lifetime of commercial aircraft; (3) the number of hours aircraft are in flight over the life of the aircraft and the average number of hours on domestic and international flights , respectively; and (4) the impact of metal fatigue on aircraft usage and safety; (5) a review on contractor assisted maintenance of commercial aircraft; and (6) a reevaluation of the rules on inspection of aging airplanes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 70 OFFERED BY MS . MAXINE  
WATERS OF CALIFORNIA  At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 543. REPORT ON AIRCRAFT DIVERSIONS FROM LAX TO HAWTHORNE MUNICIPAL AIRPORT. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall issue and make available to the public a report on diversions of aircraft from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) to Hawthorne Municipal Airport, also known as Jack Northrop Field, in the City of Hawthorne, California. This report shall cover at least the previous oneyear period and include the total number of aircraft diversions, the average number of diversions per day, the types of aircraft diverted, and the reasons for the diversions. AMENDMENT NO . 71 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE OF  
NEW MEXICO  At the end of title V, insert the following: 
Section 47118(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(C) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (2) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) the airport is— ‘‘(A) a former military installation; and ‘‘(B) a primary airport.’’. 
FLEISCHMANN OF TENNESSEE  At the end of title V, insert the following new section: 
Section 47114(d)(5) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) USE OF STATE HIGHWAY SPECIFICA TIONS .—The Secretary shall use the highway specifications of a State for airfield pavement construction and improvement using funds made available under this subsection at nonprimary airports serving aircraft that do not exceed 60,000 pounds gross weight if— ‘‘(A) such State requests the use of such specifications; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(i) safety will not be negatively affected; and ‘‘(ii) the life of the pavement, with necessary maintenance and upkeep, will not be shorter than it would be if constructed using Administration standards.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 73 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of title V, insert the following: 
It is the sense of Congress that the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and the Secretary should produce a smart airports initiative plan that focuses on creating a more consumerfriendly and digitally connected airport experience. The plan should include recommendations on modernizing technologies to provide more efficient checkins, shortened security lines, WiFi and GPS upgrades, as well as improvements of aircraft turnaround for ontime boarding and flights. The purpose of the initiative is to invest in technologies and infrastructure toward betterconnected airports while providing appropriate national security and cybersecurity for travelers. 
AMENDMENT NO . 74 OFFERED BY MS . SPEIER OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of title V, insert the following: 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall conduct a study to review and evaluate the design and effectiveness of commercial aircraft oxygen masks. In conducting the study, the Administrator shall determine whether the current design of oxygen masks is adequate, and whether changes to the design could increase correct passenger usage of the masks. 
AMENDMENT NO . 76 OFFERED BY MR . GIBBS OF  
OHIO At the end of title V, add the following: 
(a) A GEADJUSTMENT .—Section 44729(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘covered operations until attaining 65 years of age’’ and inserting ‘‘covered operations described under subsection (b)(1) until attaining 65 years of age and covered operations described under subsection (b)(2) until attaining 70 years of age’’. (b) COVERED OPERATIONS .—Section 44729(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘means operations under part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations.’’ and inserting ‘‘means— ‘‘(1) operations under part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations; and ‘‘(2) operations by a person that— ‘‘(A) holds an air carrier certificate issued pursuant to part 119 to conduct operations under part 135 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations; and ‘‘(B) qualifies as a program manager under subpart K of part 91 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations; and ‘‘(C) performed an aggregate total of at least 150,000 turbojet operations in— ‘‘(i) calendar year 2017; or ‘‘(ii) any subsequent year.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 77 OFFERED BY MR . HASTINGS  
OF FLORIDA  At the end of title V, add the following: 
Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall conduct a study and report the findings of such study to the appropriate committees of Congress regarding— (1) technology developed by international entities (including foreign nations and companies) that have been installed in American airports and aviation systems over the past decade, including the nation where the technology was developed and the any airports utilizing the technology; and (2) aviation safety related technology developed and implemented by international entities with proven track records of success that may assist in establishing best practices to improve American aviation operations and safety. 
AMENDMENT NO . 80 OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of title V, add the following: 
Section 2209 of the FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act of 2016 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)(C)— (A) by redesignating clause (iv) as clause (v); and (B) by inserting after clause (iii) the following: ‘‘(iv) Railroad facilities.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) DEADLINES .— ‘‘(1) Not later than December 31, 2018, the Administrator shall publish a notice of proposed rulemaking to carry out the requirements of this section. ‘‘(2) Not later than 12 months after publishing the notice of proposed rulemaking under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall issue a final rule.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 82 OFFERED BY MR . DOGGETT  
OF TEXAS  At the end of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. 543. APPLICABILITY OF MEDICAL CERTIFICATION STANDARDS TO OPERATORS OF AIR BALLOONS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited a the ‘‘Commercial Balloon Pilot Safety Act of 2018’’. (b) INGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the 
Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall revise section 61.3(c) of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to secondclass medical certificates), to apply to an operator of an air balloon to the same extent such regulations apply to a pilot flight crewmember of other aircraft. (c) AIRBALLOON DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘air balloon’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘balloon’’ in section 1.1 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar regulation or ruling). 
AMENDMENT NO . 83 OFFERED BY MR . CARTER OF  
GEORGIA  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
(a) C OSTEFFECTIVENESS ANALYSIS OF  EQUIPMENT RENTAL .— (1) IN GENERAL .—With respect to any cost effectiveness analysis for equipment acquisition conducted on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each executive agency shall consider equipment rental in such cost effectiveness analysis. (2) FEDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATION .—The Federal Acquisition Regulation shall be revised to implement the requirement under paragraph (1). (b) STUDY OF COSTEFFECTIVENESS ANALYSIS.—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a comprehensive report on the decisions made by the executive agencies with the highest levels of acquisition spending, and a sample of executive agencies with lower levels of acquisition spending, to acquire highvalue equipment by lease, rental, or purchase pursuant to subpart 7.4 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) EQUIPMENT RENTAL .—The term ‘‘equipment rental’’ means the acquisition of equipment by contract from a commercial source for a temporary period of use with no fixed duration. (2) EXECUTIVE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘executive agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 102 of title 40, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO . 85 OFFERED BY MR . LANCE OF  
NEW JERSEY  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act (except as described in subsection (d)), the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report containing the results of the study described in subsection (b). (b) RECOMMENDATIONS .—The Administrator shall make recommendations based on— (1) an analysis of— (A) the economic effects of temporary flight restrictions, particularly temporary flight restrictions issued pursuant to section 91.141 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, on airports or aviationrelated businesses located or based in an area covered by the temporary flight restriction; and (B) potential options and recommendations for mitigating identified negative economic effects on airports or aviationrelated businesses located or based in an area frequently covered by a temporary flight restriction; and (2) an analysis of the potential for using security procedures similar to those described in the Maryland Three Program (allowing properly vetted private pilots to fly to, from, or between the three general aviation airports closest to the National Capital Region) during temporary flight restrictions in the following airports: (A) Solberg Airport. (B) Somerset Airport. (C) Palm Beach County Park Airport (also known as Lantana Airport). (c) COLLABORATION .—In making the recommendations described in subsection (b), the Administrator shall consult with— (1) industry stakeholders; and (2) the head of any other agency that, in the Administrator’s determination, is a stakeholder agency. (d) SPECIAL DEADLINE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report containing the results of the portion of the study described in subsection (b)(1)(A). 
AMENDMENT NO . 86 OFFERED BY MS . JAYAPAL  
OF WASHINGTON  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. STUDY ON INFRASTRUCTURE NEEDS OF FASTGROWING AIRPORTS. 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall enter into an agreement with an institution of higher education to conduct a study on the infrastructure needs of airports— (1) in metropolitan statistical areas with an average 5year, yeartoyear population growth rate between 6 and 13 percent; and (2) with an average 5year, yeartoyear passenger growth rate between 7 and 10 percent. (b) CONTENTS .—The study conducted pursuant to subsection (a) shall include— (1) an assessment of the infrastructure needs of the airports described in subsection (a); (2) an examination of how such infrastructure needs are related to the population and economic growth of relevant metropolitan statistical areas; (3) an assessment of the infrastructure funding and financing tools available to such airports; (4) the development of recommendations on additional funding and financing tools that may provide significant new revenues and flexibility; (5) an estimate of the population and economic growth rate of the relevant metropolitan statistical areas over the next 10 years; and (6) the development of recommendations on how such airports can best fund the infrastructure necessary to accommodate— (A) increases in passenger growth; and (B) population and economic growth in the relevant metropolitan statistical areas. 
AMENDMENT NO . 89 OFFERED BY MS . MENG OF  
NEW YORK  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
Not later than 1 year from the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate a 5year aircraft noise research and mitigation strategy. 
AMENDMENT NO . 90 OFFERED BY MS . MENG OF  
NEW YORK  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: SEC. ll. ALTERNATIVE AIRPLANE NOISE METRIC EVALUATION DEADLINE. 
Not later than 1 year from the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall complete the ongoing evaluation of alternative metrics to the current Day Night Level (DNL) 65 standard. 
AMENDMENT NO . 91 OFFERED BY MR . MEADOWS  
OF NORTH CAROLINA  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall, to the maximum extent possible and consistent with Federal law, and based on input by the public, ensure that regulations, guidance, and policies issued by the Federal Aviation Administration on and after the date of enactment of this Act are issued in the form of performancebased standards, providing an equal or higher level of safety. 
DESAULNIER OF CALIFORNIA  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, in consultation with the National Transportation Safety Board, shall issue a report to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate that— (1) provides a technical review of systems capable of detecting wrong surface alignment to determine whether the capability exists to detect imminent wrongsurface landings at each airport where such a system is in use; and (2) includes information gathered from the use of Airport Surface Surveillance Capability System (ASSC) at San Francisco International Airport since July 2017. 
DESAULNIER OF CALIFORNIA  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. 543. REPORT AND RECOMMENDATIONS ON CERTAIN AVIATION SAFETY RISKS. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that— (1) identifies safety risks associated with power outages at airports caused by weather or other factors, and recommends actions to improve resilience of aviation communication, navigation, and surveillance systems in the event of such outages; and (2) reviews alerting mechanisms, devices, and procedures for enhancing the situational awareness of pilots and air traffic controllers in the event of a failure or an irregularity of runway lights, and provides recommendations on the further implementation of such mechanisms, devices, or procedures. 
DESAULNIER OF CALIFORNIA  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, in consultation with the National Transportation Safety Board, shall issue a report to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate that reviews the relative benefits and risks of requiring the use of runway awareness and advisory systems in turbinepowered airplanes 
under the provisions of part 121 or part 129 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. 
DESAULNIER OF CALIFORNIA  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. ll REVIEW OF FAA’S AVIATION SAFETY INFORMATION ANALYSIS AND SHARING SYSTEM. 
(a) A UDIT BY DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPOR TATION INSPECTOR GENERAL .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General shall initiate a followup review of the Federal Aviation Administration’s (FAA) Aviation Safety Information Analysis and Sharing (ASIAS) System to assess FAA’s efforts and plans to improve the system. (2) REVIEW .—The review should include, at a minimum, an evaluation of FAA’s efforts to improve the ASIAS system’s predictive capabilities and solutions developed to more widely disseminate results of ASIAS data analyses, as well as an update on previous Inspector General recommendations to improve this safety analysis and sharing system. (3) REPORT .—The Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of its review and any recommendations to improve FAA’s ASIAS system. 
AMENDMENT NO . 98 OFFERED BY MRS . LAWRENCE  
OF MICHIGAN  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall, in consultation with the National Institute of Standards and Technology and the Committee on Technology of the National Science and Technology Council, transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that contains a cybersecurity and artificial intelligence standards plan for Federal Aviation Administration operations that takes into consideration the influence of cybersecurity on artificial intelligence and of artificial intelligence on cybersecurity. 
AMENDMENT NO . 99 OFFERED BY MR . CA´RDENAS  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
It is the sense of Congress that the aviation industry, including certificate holders under parts 121, 135, and 145 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, should hire more of the Nation’s veterans. 
AMENDMENT NO . 100 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI  
OF ILLINOIS  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report containing a review of the following: (1) Direct and indirect effects on passengers, if any, resulting from significant computer network disruptions of 49 CFR Part 121 air carriers between January 1, 2014, and the date of enactment of this section, including— (A) systemwide delays; (B) flight cancellations; and (C) disrupted or broken itineraries. (2) An estimate of any expenses incurred by passengers during significant computer network disruptions, including— (A) meals, lodging, and ancillary expenses per persons; (B) late hotel checkin or car rental fees; (C) missed cruiseship departures; and (D) lost productivity. (3) Air carriers’ contracts of carriage and interline agreements to determine if and how air carriers accommodate passengers affected by significant computer network disruptions on other air carriers or foreign air carriers. (4) Whether passengers who have been displaced by significant computer network disruptions are furnished with alternative transportation aboard another air carrier or foreign air carrier. (5) Costs incurred by airports, if any, to meet the essential needs of passengers, including increased demands on utilities, food concessionaires, restroom facilities, and security staffing, during significant computer network disruptions. (6) Other costs, if any, incurred by passengers, airports, and other entities as a direct result of significant computer network disruptions. (7) Processes, plans, and redundancies in place at air carriers to respond to and recover from such network disruptions. AMENDMENT NO . 101 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE OF  
WISCONSIN  Page 267, after line 11, insert the following: 
(a) R EPORTING OF COMPLAINTS .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall ensure that each airport that participates in the Program tracks, and reports to the Administrator, the number of covered complaints made in relation to activities at that airport. (b) IMPROVING COMPLIANCE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Administrator shall take actions to assess and improve compliance with prompt payment requirements under part 26 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. (2) CONTENTS OF ASSESSMENT .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Administrator shall assess— (A) whether requirements relating to the inclusion of prompt payment language in contracts are being satisfied; (B) whether and how airports are enforcing prompt payment requirements; (C) the processes by which covered complaints are received and resolved by airports; (D) whether improvements need to be made to— (i) better track covered complaints received by airports; and (ii) assist the resolution of covered complaints in a timely manner; (E) the effectiveness of alternative dispute resolution mechanisms with respect to resolving covered complaints; (F) best practices that ensure prompt payment requirements are satisfied; (G) the Federal Aviation Administration resources, including staff, that are dedicated to helping resolve covered complaints; and (H) how the Federal Aviation Administration can enhance efforts to resolve covered complaints, including by using timelines and providing additional staffing and other resources. (3) REPORTING .—The Administrator shall make available to the public on an appropriate website operated by the Administrator a report describing the results of the assessment completed under this subsection, including a plan to respond to such results. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the following definitions apply: (1) COVERED COMPLAINT .—The term ‘‘covered complaint’’ means a complaint relating to an alleged failure to satisfy a prompt payment requirement under part 26 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. (2) PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Program’’ means the airport disadvantaged business enterprise program referenced in section 140(a) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 47113 note). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I support considering these amendments en bloc, all of which have been approved by both the majority and minority. These Members put forward thoughtful amendments, and I am pleased to be able to support moving them en bloc. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. These amendments, en bloc, have been reviewed, both by the majority and the minority, and there is consensus on their merit. I urge my colleagues to support them. Before I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ), I would say first that I strongly support his amendment and tried to work with the former FAA Administrator to rectify this issue that led to this extraordinary and unnecessary loss of life. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his leadership on that and his help. I wish the FAA had listened. And I thank Mr. SHUSTER  and the staffs on both sides of the committee for including this amendment with others that need to be part of this action. It was about 2 years ago that the largest, most deadly crash of a commercial balloon in American history occurred just south of Austin, near Lockhart and Maxwell, Texas. It was, in fact, and remains the largest aviation disaster of any type in this decade. When that morning, that Saturday morning ended, this was all that was left, along with the bodies of the victims of this. The Federal Aviation Administration had been asked, prior to this incident, by the National Transportation Safety Board, to take a closer look and come up with reasonable regulations for the commercial balloon industry. The FAA failed to do that. Since this accident, the Federal Aviation Administration has been asked, once again, by the National Transportation Safety Board to act on this matter, and the FAA has again failed. The families of the victims launched a petition on their own to express their 
concern about this. I have joined them, others have joined them, in asking for action, and it is clear that only legislative action by us will address this problem. I am hopeful that, with the passage of this amendment, which is narrow, which is bipartisan, and is directed only to assuring that individuals who are flying these—lifting off in these balloons are medically fit to do so. Had that been in place, I believe that this incident would never have happened. So the grief, the horror, that these families experienced, many of them want to channel it into seeing that no other family faces a similar crisis. This is an incident that had a widespread effect. I talked with the owner of the property where the crash occurred. There was a giant prayer circle around the Caldwell County Courthouse of concern of many people in the county for what happened here. I just want to thank my colleagues for incorporating this amendment in because I think it will help save lives in the future. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ). Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment to the House FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. I wish to thank the distinguished chairman of the committee, Mr. SHUSTER , and the ranking member, Mr. DEFAZIO, for the opportunity to offer this amendment. My amendment supports our Nation’s more than 5,000 general aviation airports by providing a commonsense solution to reduce the cost and construction time for critical pavement projects, while maintaining the highest level of safety and quality. Our general aviation airports provide critical access, vital emergency and medical services, economic activity, and many other important services, as vital lifelines, especially in rural areas. However, the cost of building and maintaining runways at general aviation airports has become unnecessarily burdensome and costly, due to outdated pavement specification requirements that the FAA recognizes can and should be updated. As such, in consultation with key industry groups and agencies, I have introduced this amendment to address this issue. Among many other things, this reform will better equip our dedicated network of State aviation officials, airports, and other good personnel, working on the front lines in maintaining and improving our Nation’s airports. This amendment will allow them to undertake more projects efficiently and safely, with commonsense savings that frees up additional funding for other critical projects. More specifically, after extensive field testing that has provided concrete evidence that States can and have utilized alternative pavement mixes, procured more conveniently and costeffectively from local businesses on critical runway projects to safely maintain our Nation’s runway systems of general aviation airports. Mr. Chairman, I respectfully urge adoption of this amendment. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ). Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 4 to ensure that the FAA is helping businesses that have been historically discriminated against when it comes to government contracting. And I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their support. Adoption of my amendment is a good start, but much more needs to be done to address discrimination and related barriers that still exist. This includes addressing the exclusion of any Federal DBE participation requirements or goals for Passenger Facility Charge funded projects. It is critical that we don’t miss the opportunity to address these barriers. I want to remind everyone that billions of dollars of transportation contracts are at stake in this reauthorization. And for businesses that have been historically discriminated against in transportation contracting, they just want a chance to compete for these dollars. In this reauthorization, Congress must continue to ensure that qualified minority and womenowned businesses in every congressional district can fairly compete for work. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ). Mr. LANCE. Mr. Chairman, my thanks to Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member DEFAZIO. I rise today in support of this en bloc package that contains my bipartisan amendment requiring the FAA to study the economic impact of Temporary Flight Restrictions on local airports and to recommend ways to mitigate the negative effects, potentially including creating security procedures to allow limited use of certain airports during a TFR. This is about fairness for New Jersey pilots and small businesses. The President and the First Family use Trump National Golf Course in Bedminster, New Jersey, in the district I serve, as a weekend residence during the late spring, the summer, and the early fall. During such visits to Bedminster, a TFR is imposed in the area, shuttering Solberg and Somerset airports, and grounding recreational and training flights. The safety of the President and the First Family and the official visitors to Bedminster is, of course, paramount, but TFRs can be very challenging, and I want to find a compromise with the Federal Aviation Administration and the Secret Service so that pilots can be vetted, prescreened, and allowed to fly. This is not a new idea. For some airports in Maryland, near Washington, D.C., pilots are permitted limited operation after being properly vetted. I seek the same status for constituents I serve in New Jersey. I thank the chairman for his interest and ask for further help in crafting this policy with the FAA. I further hope to work with him on establishing a temporary reimbursement program, as was done for the Maryland airports in the early 2000s. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this legislation. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I urge all my colleagues to support the amendments en bloc, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Chair, last year was the safest on record for commercial air travel, and the United States has one of the safest systems in the world. However, last Tuesday’s emergency landing by Southwest Airlines Flight 1380—and the tragic death of a passenger—Jennifer Riordan—is a call to action when it comes to assuring airline and passenger safety. Tuesday’s incident on Southwest Flight 1380 was caused when the aircraft’s left engine suddenly exploded midflight. Metal weakness or ‘‘metal fatigue’’ was found in the left jet engine that failed during the flight of Southwest 1380. This issue is one of the reasons I have introduced an amendment to H.R. 4, the Federal Aviation Reauthorization Act. The FAA needs to understand the full scope of any and all dangers connected to metal fatigue. My amendment instructs the FAA Administrator to produce a report on airline and passenger safety within 180 days of House passage. More specifically, my amendment instructs the FAA to study the issue of metal fatigue as well as the age and overall use of U.S. commercial aircraft. Additionally, Mr. Chairman, I imagine many in this room have seen the 60 Minutes report on Allegiant Air. The report exposed numerous safety problems at Allegiant Air, a lowcost carrier that is more than three times as likely to have in flight mechanical emergencies than any other major airline. I’m deeply concerned about the issues at Allegiant. I also worry about reports that the FAA has shied away from punishing airlines that cut corners with regards to passenger safety. That’s just flatout unacceptable. Finally, Congress needs to be concerned about the practice of offshoring U.S. aircraft maintenance to foreign repair stations. Today, approximately 24 percent of total heavy aircraft maintenance is offshored to repair facilities in other countries, more than triple the share offshored in 2003. This offshoring has cost hardworking Americans thousands of aircraft maintenance jobs. This practice has also raised real concerns regarding the level of U.S. oversight on offshored maintenance work. Safety and security regulatory gaps persist, creating a double standard for domestic maintenance workers and workers overseas. A dangerous double standard that could result in an airline—passenger tragedy. 
That’s why my amendment also instructs the FAA to review policies regarding maintenance performed by contractors. Overall, our mission is simple, clear and all important: To empower the FAA to root out any problems in the hopes of preventing any further tragedies. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 67 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 67 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
(a) I NGENERAL .—With respect to the National Capital Region, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall review and revise helicopter flight paths, including those used by the Department of Defense and all military helicopters, identifying and issuing new official paths for areas in which helicopters may be able to fly at higher altitudes. (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the review and revision under subsection (a), the Administrator must consider— (1) residents living below the flight paths; (2) national security and emergency flight paths, which shall only be used in cases of emergency; and (3) fixedwing plane flight paths. (c) DEFINITION OF NATIONAL CAPITAL REGION.—In this section, the term ‘‘National Capital Region’’ means— (1) the District of Columbia; (2) Prince Georges and Montgomery Counties in Maryland; (3) Arlington, Fairfax, Loudoun, and Prince William Counties in Virginia; and (4) all cities and towns included within the outer boundaries of the foregoing counties. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I consistently hear a great deal from my constituents about pervasive, intrusive helicopter noise. I have carefully listened to them for years, through community forums, townhalls, letters, emails, phone calls, and the like. I have also worked with both the FAA and the Department of Defense on possible solutions. We certainly have a difficult balance to strike in the National Capital Region, but people shouldn’t have to live under the constant thunder of helicopter noise. Helicopter noise, by all accounts, has gotten significantly worse year after year after year. Even those who are neighbors with the Pentagon have noticed it has gotten much worse. b1530 Last year, I had an amendment to the NDAA for the Department of Defense to conduct a study on mitigating the helicopter noise. We had excellent conversations. Colonels and majors came out from the Air Force, the Army, the Marines, and the FAA came out. We had big townhall meetings. In those conversations, we moved forward with a now completed DOD noise study. The Department of Defense has repeatedly informed me that they follow the FAA helicopter maps perfectly and that they fly at the required minimum altitudes. So as a solution, my amendment would require the FAA to simply review all the helicopter flight paths in the national capital region, including those used solely by the Department of Defense, to assess whether some of these helicopter trips could be safely flown at a higher altitude. If they can be, the amendment would also require the FAA to revise the official helicopter flight maps for this region to allow some relief for those communities that live below. Progress has remained very slow on this issue—glacial—and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment so that we can move forward with a responsible way to mitigate this helicopter noise. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition. This amendment would interfere with national security, homeland security, and law enforcement operations. As home to the Nation’s Capital, the area serves a critical role for the country as home to the Federal Government. Each day, military pilots and other agencies use helicopters to conduct vital missions as part of our national defense and the operations of government. These agencies include the DOD, the Coast Guard, Park Police, Capitol Police, and other agencies. The missions they fly cannot be accomplished by any other means and are essential to our Nation’s protection. This amendment would add complexity to the airspace and could affect the safety of our servicemembers and law enforcement and affect the efficiency of the airspace. Mr. Chairman, I understand the gentleman’s concerns, and I hope we can find some way to address them, but I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, with great respect to the chairman of the committee, the many conversations I have had with the general who runs the Washington Military District, with the Air Force and Army colonels, with the Marine major, and with many of the helicopter pilots, none of them have suggested for a moment that national security, homeland security, or law enforcement were at risk here. In fact, the pilots said: We would be happy to fly higher as long as we have permission from the FAA. We are not interfering in the slightest with their ability to accomplish their mission. We understand their mission. We respect it. No one is saying that we can’t protect not only our Nation’s top executives, but also the military officers who need to fly in and around this region. What we are simply saying is that, in many cases, 300 feet, 500 feet, 700 feet is a more logical place to fly. We have had testimony that people have been in apartment buildings in Crystal City, looked out their window, and seen the helicopters fly below their window. This happens in Rosslyn, also. What we are simply asking is that the FAA responsibly look at whether— with lots of feedback from the Army, Air Force, Marines, from law enforcement, from the Secret Service—they couldn’t, in fact, fly a few hundred feet higher than they fly right now. If they can’t, we will accept that and do our best to move some other way. But, really, this is at the recommendation of our military leaders that the FAA examine this and find a way to move forward. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 68 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 68 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall initiate a study, based on previous studies, that looks at the current and future supply of individuals in the aviation workforce. (b) REVIEW .—In carrying out the study, the Comptroller General shall review, at a minimum— (1) the current state of the aviation workforce; (2) barriers to entry into the aviation workforce; and 
(3) options to increase the future supply of individuals in the aviation workforce. (c) SUBMISSION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study, including any findings and recommendations. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. SMITH) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment, which would direct the Comptroller General to study the current and future availability of pilots in the aviation workforce. Since the implementation of new pilot training requirements for first officers in 2013, two airlines which provided air service to my congressional district have filed for bankruptcy, citing the inability to find pilots as a primary factor in their financial struggles. Even before withdrawing from Nebraska, both airlines had poor flight cancellation records, which they indicated was caused by this issue, severely reducing enplanements at these airports. In rural areas like Nebraska’s Third District, commercial air service provides a vital economic link for communities which are several hours’ drive from the nearest major airport. In an effort to further address the concerns of the seven communities with passenger air service in my district and numerous others around the country, this amendment merely asks GAO to study what the current state of the aviation workforce is, where it is going in the future, and what, if anything, we can do to mitigate pilot shortages. We must do more to address these communities’ concerns, and this study will provide valuable information as we seek to address this problem. Beyond the direct economic impact on these communities from the loss of these flights, these cancellations have also caused overall enplanements at airports such as Kearney, North Platte, and Scottsbluff, Nebraska, and other airports in a number of other States, to fall below the minimum 10,000 required to qualify for full Airport Improvement Program funding. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the chairman and ranking member for moving my other amendment en bloc to provide regulatory relief to airports by treating them consistently with how they have been treated previously. Again, I urge support of this amendment we are currently debating, which will direct GAO to study our current and future aviation workforce needs, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amendment offered by the gentleman from Nebraska. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I support the amendment offered by the gentleman from Nebraska. This amendment would require the Comptroller General to conduct a study on the current and future supply of individuals for the U.S. aviation workforce. The study would review the current state of our aviation workforce as well as barriers to entry. A strong and robust aviation workforce will ensure the U.S. remains the global leader and innovator in civil aviation; therefore, I support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ). Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for offering this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I agree with the ranking member, Mr. LARSEN . This amendment requesting the GAO study makes a lot of sense to me. The outlook of the future supply of individuals in the workforce, we know there are some shortages out there. This report will inform us about the current aviation workforce and needed actions to ensure we do have an adequate supply of workers in the future. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his leadership and thank him for offering this amendment, and I urge all Members to support it. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chairman, again, this amendment just asks the Comptroller General to assess our current situation for aviation and pilot needs. Canceled flights have been a major problem for communities with the smaller airlines, and certainly we want to prevent something in a similar manner from impacting the larger airports around the country as well. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and ranking member for their support, and I urge others to support this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. SMITH). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 75 OFFERED BY MR . LEWIS OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 75 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title V, insert the following: 
Section 134(d)(4) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Nothing’’ and inserting ‘‘Except with respect to a metropolitan planning organization whose structure consists of no local elected officials, nothing’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. LEWIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chairman, since 1991, Federal law has stated that metropolitan planning organizations around the country should have local elected officials on their boards. In 2012, Congress passed MAP–21 and included a clause stating that these MPOs that were not in compliance had 2 years to conform. Now, in the previous administration, there was a Federal clause that was used to grandfather the Twin Cities— MinneapolisSt. Paul—Metropolitan Council into compliance without having elected officials. So we now have, in the MinneapolisSt. Paul region, the only board in the country that is entirely nonelected, the only MPO that has the authority to independently raise taxes and is not elected. Indeed, in MinneapolisSt. Paul, our metropolitan planning organization has a budget that dwarfs all the others in the country. In fact, it is larger than Houston; Dallas; Atlanta; Los Angeles; Phoenix; Seattle; Washington, D.C.; San Francisco; Boston; Philadelphia; Denver; Miami; Tampa; and Chicago combined. Now, why does an entity of this magnitude not require local elected officials? Now, I know some defending the status quo are now making misleading claims about this amendment, about our efforts here in Congress. First, the Met Council does perform transportation work, and their transportation advisory board does include elected officials. But the Federal Highway Administration and FTA ruled in 2015 that the TAB is an advisory body to the council; it is not the MPO. Even the previous administration, the Obama administration, disagreed with the Met Council’s assertion that the TAB would be equivalent to a local elected official. Second, the defenders of the status quo are asserting that total chaos will ensue if this amendment passes. It will be a complete mess. Every other MPO was either formed in compliance with elected officials, or local elected officials on its board, or it came into compliance with this Federal law, and none gained widespread attention for chaos. The defenders of the status quo, including the current council and even the Governor of the State, now assert that, well, this is too uncertain, that chaos would ensue. I would argue that having a 17member board entirely appointed by the Governor is uncertainty. Uncertainty is a board that changes course every time there is a new election in the Governor’s mansion. 
Finally, the critics of my amendment have begun stirring up the masses by saying this singlehandedly stops Federal funding for any transportation project in the area, even up to $2 billion by 2021. But in the past, when other MPOs have come into compliance, it hasn’t had this effect. It simply hasn’t happened. Besides, the congressional intent is that any MPO whose structure changes in order to adhere to Federal law will be given a transition period, a very generous one. The point is this amendment does not put in jeopardy any current or future Federal investments and grants. In fact, my colleagues and I from Minnesota have been working with the DOD to make certain our region gets the Federal support we need. But it is vital, and it has been vital for years in our region, that we determine our own governance structure, that the local elected officials have a say. If the Twin Cities Metropolitan Council thinks it would take too large an effort to find common ground in order to pursue an MPO that has elected officials, then that is the best indication that there is a serious problem with the status quo. Mr. Chairman, it is time to give citizens power over their regional government. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to oppose the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. Chairman, I understand the concerns that he has with his local MPO. We all face our own challenges with local MPOs, but they are an important decisionmaking body that ensures local governments can take full advantage of Federal transportation programs in a coordinated manner. This amendment is attempting to break apart the operating structure of a local MPO, seemingly to punish it. It does not achieve the outcome the gentleman is hoping to achieve except to create government dysfunction. I would also note that some frequently argue that local decisions should be made by local decisionmakers. They say, ‘‘Keep the Federal Government out of our business,’’ except this amendment declares, if the decisions are not made to the liking of one Federal official, he can step in and blow up that local decisionmaking body. b1545 Mr. Chairman, I am urging my colleagues, therefore, to oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ). Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. LEWIS and I thank the gentleman for offering this amendment. The Metropolitan Planning Organizations were created to ensure that local officials drive the decisions about how Federal and highway transit funds are spent. Unfortunately, for the gentleman’s district, a loophole in the law undermines elected officials. This amendment ensures the structure of MPOs can consist of locally elected officials. This is a fair and commonsense amendment, so I urge all Members to support this amendment. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chairman, I would note that of all of the opposition in this body, they are already in compliance with what I am proposing for the Metropolitan Council. So, clearly, it didn’t induce chaos, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chair, we have no other speakers, and I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. LEWIS). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 78 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 78 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Add at the end of title V of the bill, the following: 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue a final rule requiring an air carrier to seek, in the event of a delay exceeding 3 hours, cancellation, or misconnection as a result of circumstances or an event within an air carrier’s control, as determined by the Secretary of Transportation, alternative transportation for displaced passengers, including aboard another air carrier capable of transporting the passenger to his or her originally scheduled destination, and to accept, for a reasonable fee, the passengers of another air carrier who have been displaced by circumstances or an event within that air carriers control, as determined by the Secretary of Transportation, or if the passenger has been involuntarily denied boarding due to a lack of available seats. 
Not later than 1 year after the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall modify part 259 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations to include the following: (1) ADOPTION OF PLAN .—Each covered carrier shall adopt a contingency plan for lengthy terminal delays for its scheduled flights at each large hub airport, medium hub airport, small hub airport and nonhub airport in the United States at which it operates or markets such air transportation service and shall adhere to its plan’s terms. (2) CONTENTS OF PLAN .—Each contingency plan for any delay, cancellation, or misconnection, affecting a passenger who has been involuntarily denied boarding as a result of circumstances or an event within an air carrier’s control, as determined by the Administration of the Federal Aviation Administration (except in the case in which the flight crew determines that a passenger poses a danger to the safety of the flight), shall include, at a minimum, the following: (A) ESSENTIAL NEEDS .—An air carrier shall ensure that essential needs, including food, water, restroom facilities, and assistance in the case of a medical emergency are met. If the only available seating on the carrier’s next flight to the passenger’s destination is a higher class of service than purchased, the carrier shall transport the passenger on the flight at no additional cost. (B) MEAL VOUCHER .—In the case of a delay exceeding 4 hours, the air carrier shall provide a meal voucher or, if at the request of the passenger, cash equivalent to the value of a meal voucher. An air carrier shall not be liable to reimburse the passenger for expenses related to meals if the passenger did not accepted such compensation when offered. (C) LODGING , TRANSPORTATION , AND OTHER  
VOUCHERS .— (i) IN GENERAL .—In the case of a delay, cancellation, or misconnection as a result of circumstances or an event within an air carrier’s control, as determined by the Secretary of Transportation, of which any portion exceeding 2 hours occurs between the period of time between 10 p.m. and 3 a.m., local time, of the following day, and with no guarantee of reaccommodation aboard another flight to the passenger’s destination within the following 2 hours after the initial 2hour delay, an air carrier shall provide the passenger with lodging, transportation to and from the airport to the place of lodging, and meal expenses. At the request of the passenger, the carrier shall alternatively compensate such passenger with the cash equivalent to the value of the lodging, meals, and transportation, or a voucher of equivalent value for future travel on the carrier. (ii) LODGING UNAVAILABLE .—If lodging is unavailable, an carrier shall compensate a passenger with the cash equivalent to the value of the lodging, meals, and transportation, or, at the request of the passenger, a voucher of equivalent value for future travel on the carrier. (iii) PROXIMITY TO RESIDENCE .—The provisions of clauses (i) and (ii) shall not apply to a passenger whose permanent residence is 60 miles or less from the airport where such delay, cancellation, or misconnection occurred. (iv) FAILURE TO ACCEPT INITIAL COMPENSA TION.—An air carrier shall not be liable to reimburse the passenger for expenses related to meals if the passenger did not accept such compensation when offered. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, while we have had some good news that airlines have improved their performance on various metrics in the past year, passengers continue to suffer frustrations. According to the Bureau of Transportation Statistics, in 2017, 285,000 flights were delayed due to circumstances within the airlines’ control. And last year, even though bumpings were down, over 23,000 were involuntarily denied boarding. When passengers are significantly delayed as a result of an event within the 
airlines’ control, it only makes sense that airlines be required to accommodate them better. But in a competitive climate where passengers’ expectation of service quality has declined significantly, the airlines won’t make these passengerfriendly changes, and that is why we need this commonsense amendment. My amendment will require airlines to place a passenger who is delayed more than 3 hours onto another carrier, if that would be the quickest way to get the passenger to their destination. This would apply only to delays caused by an event within an air carrier’s control, as defined by the Secretary of Transportation. In order to make this easier for the airlines, it will require all carriers to accept such rebookings for a reasonable fee. At one time, this was a common practice. Some airlines still have these agreements—called interline agreements—with other airlines. And some have, in the past year, created new interline agreements. But many airlines still fall short and some require passengers to ask for this treatment in order to receive it. This amendment also requires airlines to ensure that passengers have access to essential needs, such as medical care and restrooms, no matter when or where a delay occurs. It requires meal vouchers to be given in the event of delays longer than 4 hours, and it requires hotel accommodations during lengthy overnight delays that occur between 10 p.m. and 3 a.m. These measures would go a long way to improving airline passenger protections. In order to make sure that this is done in the best possible manner, the Secretary of Transportation will engage in a rulemaking process, giving the airlines and the flying public an opportunity to have input. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, the amendment is a reregulation of the airlines that was soundly defeated in the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. It would force airlines to interline, which refers to agreements among airlines to carry each other’s passengers. Most airlines already have interline agreements with other airlines, and the freedom to do so is important to preserve. Forcing all airlines unwilling into such deals will have unintended consequences. Customers will be punished and forced to bear the burden of the service fares of other airlines. The problems caused by this amendment would be most acute in smaller communities that have few flights per day. H.R. 4 includes provisions requiring air carriers to prominently disclose to passengers what services will be offered in the event of widespread disruption. The underlying bill contains a number of other consumer protections that are widely supported by stakeholders and Members alike. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this issue, but I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. LARSEN). Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois. There is no doubt that time and time again, the airlines have a lot of work to do in the realm of customer service. With little competition in the U.S. airline industry, airlines are no longer required to compete on the quality of services they provide to consumers, yet, the industry has become the world’s most profitable due in large part to countless ancillary fees they charge passengers. I believe certainly that more must be done to restore basic rights and fairness in air travel. However, the amendment, as drafted, does take a onesize fitsall approach to customer service that may not be appropriate for every situation. Before legislating prescriptive requirements for the airlines when passengers are displaced, I think the committee should hold additional hearings and study these issues more thoroughly. I hope we can agree on that. A recent lesson learned was with the Department of Transportation tarmac delay rule, a rule with great intentions that had several unintended consequences, such as passengers becoming stranded overnight at diversion airports hundreds of miles from their destination. Congress had to mitigate some of these issues in the 2016 FAA extension. When we are proscriptive on the customer service front, we have to be sure we are getting it right. But I do want to thank Mr. LIPINSKI for offering this amendment. I hope he will continue to work with the committee to perfect it, but I stand in opposition to it. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I thank Ranking Member LARSEN for his comments. I thank Chairman SHUSTER  for his work on this bill. There are many good provisions in this bill, one that has to do with disclosure. But it still does not give the flying public enough protection. That is why we need this amendment. This amendment has been endorsed by the Consumers Union, Travelers United, the Consumer Federation of America, and Flyers Rights. We expect when we buy a ticket on an airline that we will get that as quickly as possible. Glitches occur, but if it is something that is in the control of the airline, I think we should expect to be put on another airline to get to our destination as quickly as possible. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 79 OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 79 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title V, insert the following: 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 14501(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (3) and (4)’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (5) as paragraphs (3) through (6) respectively; (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following: ‘‘(2) ADDITIONAL LIMITATION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—A State, political subdivision of a State, or political authority of 2 or more States may not enact or enforce a law, regulation, or other provision having the force and effect of law prohibiting employees whose hours of service are subject to regulation by the Secretary under section 31502 from working to the full extent permitted or at such times as permitted under such section, or imposing any additional obligations on motor carriers if such employees work to the full extent or at such times as permitted under such section, including any related activities regulated under part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(B) STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to limit the provisions of paragraph (1).’’; (4) in paragraph (3) (as redesignated) by striking ‘‘Paragraph (1)—’’ and inserting ‘‘Paragraphs (1) and (2)—’’; and (5) in paragraph (4)(A) (as redesignated) by striking ‘‘Paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘Paragraphs (1) and (2)’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall have the force and effect as if enacted on the date of enactment of the Federal Aviation Administration Authorization Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–305). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, real quickly, let me just explain what the 
F4A Denham amendment does. This clarifies the intent of the 1994 FAA bill; thus, how it got its name, the F4A. It created one Federal regulatory standard for meal and rest breaks or hours of service for interstate freight and passenger motor carriers. This was originally in the FAA bill of 1994. It also included piece rate. Now, we have passed this issue several times from the House over to the Senate—a very good bipartisan bill— but while we have had great bipartisanship in the past, to get greater bipartisanship, and to work with labor, we actually took out the piece rate issue. Now, this bill only deals with meal and rest—the same as that piece of it that was in 1994 where Congress, where this body actually reported out saying: ‘‘State economic regulation of motor carrier operations causes significant inefficiencies, increased costs, reduction of competition, inhibition of innovation and technology, and curtails the expansion of markets.’’ This is about interstate commerce, making sure that you can drive a truck transporting goods from one State to another without having challenges going from a patchwork of States across the entire country. We want these professional drivers to be safe, meaning if you get tired, take a break. What we don’t want to do is say, at 2 hours, you need to pull over immediately—on the bridge, on the highway, wherever you are at, creating an unsafe condition. Stop at the rest stop. Stop at the truck stop. Stop when it is convenient, when it is safe, and when you are tired. We want to give these professional drivers flexibility in interstate commerce. That was in 1994. That was the law of the land until the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit reconvened and changed some of these motor carrier laws. The amendment and the Federal Standard only apply to interstate. What you do in your own State is up to your State. But interstate, going across State lines, which the Constitution enumerated to the Federal Government in Article I, section 8, clause 3 of the Commerce Clause. Interstate hours of service regulations would continue to be regulated by the States. But this has already been proven by the U.S. Department of Transportation who wrote the rule that this is the safest way for interstate commerce. Mr. Chair, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ). Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from California for yielding. I rise today in support of this amendment offered by Mr. DENHAM , Mr. CUELLAR , and myself. Trucking companies and truck drivers are the backbone of our Nation in terms of transportation, and certainly, much of the San Joaquin Valley that I represent. Agricultural products, fruits, nuts, and vegetables that are put on American’s dinner tables every night are grown in the San Joaquin Valley, and they provide an important part of our sustenance. Many of these truckers have one or two trucks, and they are literally smallbusiness people. Sadly, because of the recent court decisions that were noted by the author of this amendment, these companies that operate across State lines have been exposed to unfair litigation that have been costly, and I know of cases where major motor carriers have gone out of business because of this. The amendment would clarify that when operating across State lines, meals and rest break requirements will be governed by Federal law, not a patchwork of conflicting State laws. That just makes good common sense. This is consistent with action taken by the Congress—as was noted—in 1994, to provide uniform rules across the country for safety purposes. Some of my colleagues have claimed time in opposition saying this amendment would overturn protections like minimum wage and vacation. This amendment in no way impacts minimum wage or vacation, or those issues that have been raised in this fashion. It is simply not true. This amendment, I believe, is prosafety, proworker, and proeconomy. The fact is, we have been dealing with this issue for a number of years, and it is time that we finally avoid the confusion and strengthen this measure out. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield myself 2 minutes. Mr. Chair, I offered a narrow fix for this in what was true interstate commerce because of the potential confusion between Federal hours of service and State hours of service, and that was rejected. b1600 This is an incredibly broad preemption. It is not as stated. For instance, we just heard you have to pull over, no matter where you are. No. If you don’t take your rest break, you have to be paid, but you don’t have to stop and pull over. Beyond that, this would preempt paid rest breaks, paid meal breaks, paid sick leave, paid family leave, payment for time detained at a loading dock, payment for anything other than a flat rate by the load. This is an extraordinary preemption that we have here. The drivers are already exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act. So they can’t get overtime. If we wipe out the State laws and there is no existing Federal law, truck drivers are really getting it stuck to them here. In fact, this amendment would expand Federal preemption over trucking operations to include, for the first time, wages and working conditions, something Congress never contemplated in 1994. It is opposed by the OwnerOperator Independent Drivers Association, the largest trucking organization; the Teamsters; American Association for Justice; and numerous safety groups. This is not as it is being presented. This is overly broad, and it should be opposed. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. NAPOLITANO ). Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the Denham amendment, which would overturn a Federal court decision that determined that California meal and rest break laws apply to truckers. On July 4, 2014, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that trucking operators in California must allow for 30minute meal breaks after 5 hours of work and a 10minute rest break after 4 hours worked. This meal and rest break is very reasonable, when you consider that truck drivers can be subject to 14 hours of onduty time. This amendment would not only preempt California’s law, but would also preempt laws in 21 other States and territories that guarantee meal and rest breaks. This amendment is further harmful as it includes broad preemption language, as Mr. DEFAZIO stated, that would prohibit State and local governments from enacting laws that ‘‘impose any additional obligation on motor carriers.’’ This preemption would attack State minimum wage laws, sick leave laws, family leave laws, and other laws that protect truck drivers’ pay and benefits. Mr. Chairman, States should be allowed to set these important standards for truck driver working conditions as they see fit for the health and safety of their workers and for our citizens. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to oppose the Denham amendment, and I include in the RECORD letters of opposition from the Teamsters, American Association for Justice, Truck Safety Coalition and others, and the National Employment Law Project. 
TEAMSTERS LETTER OPPOSING DENHAM  AMENDMENT REGARDING TRUCK DRIVER  WAGE AND BENEFIT LAWS This week, the US House of Representatives will consider legislation to reauthorize funding for the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). The trucking industry is trying to hijack that bill. They want to insert language which takes away almost any protection truck drivers are granted under state law. This includes destroying the right to paid sick leave, paid vacations, FMLA, state guarantees of a lunch or rest break during a shift, and worse. The language states the following: ‘‘A State, political subdivision of a State or political authority of 2 or more States 
may not enact or enforce a law, regulation, or other provision having the force and effect of law prohibitingemployees whose hours of service are subject to regulation by the Secretary under section 31502 from working to the full extent permitted or at such times as permitted under such section, or imposing any additional obligations on motor carriers if such employees work to the full extent or at such times as permitted under such section, including any related activities regulated, under part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations.’’ Say you’re a trucking company who doesn’t want a driver taking a few hours off for a doctor’s appointment this week. Now you’re in luck! Under this provision, the driver isn’t working to the ‘‘full extent permitted’’ under the minimal federal rules, so they lose any state protections guaranteeing them the right to go to the doctor! What happens if that driver needs to take extended stateprotected FMLA? Taking time off under state FMLA laws would mean that driver is not working to the ‘‘full extent’’ they otherwise could be under the federal rules, so it’s not allowed! What if a state decides that a truck driver should get paid while they wait in line for hours on end to drop off their load? Well, that’s an additional obligation being put on the employer, and that won’t be allowed either! The House must not include this antisafety, antiworker provision in the FAA bill. This provision would overturn any state’s law that goes above the bare minimum federal rules for truck drivers. No state could demand that drivers need to get paid for non driving time or take action against companies who misclassify their drivers as independent contractors. Any state laws that raise wages or protect the working conditions of drivers would immediately be overturned. It refers to these state laws as ‘‘additional burdens’’ being placed on motor carriers and says that they need to be done away with. States couldn’t even give drivers time off to go vote! What’s worse, all these changes are made retroactive to 1994. All of the progress states have made over the past two decades would evaporate overnight. Truck crashes are up 45% from 2009. Injuries are up 57%, and deaths from those crashes are also up 28%. Now is not the time to push drivers even further by taking away protections that make sure they are well rested and alert. We urge you to OPPOSE the Denham amendment (amendment #140 as filed with the rules committee) if it comes up on the floor during consideration of the FAA bill H.R. 4. Should you have any questions, please feel free to contact me. Sincerely, SAMUEL P. L OESCHE , Legislative Representative, International Brotherhood of Teamsters. 
[From the American Association for Justice] PROTECT TRUCK DRIVERS AND HIGHWAY SAFETY: OPPOSE PREEMPTION OF STATE PROTEC TIONS IN THE FAA R EAUTHORIZATION  AAJ strongly opposes the Denham amendment to H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. This amendment preempts state and local labor regulations, laws, and court decisions, many of which have been on the books for decades, protecting commercial truck drivers. What was originally offered to just preempt state labor protections, commonly known as the ‘‘meal and rest break’’ protections, morphed into something much broader and much worse in that it now preempts ANY ‘‘additional obligation on motor carriers.’’ Therefore, this amendment will provide for a sweeping exemption for commercial trucking drivers from being covered by all state and local wage and hour laws, including, but not limited to meal and rest break laws, paid sick leave, minimum wage, sick pay, jury duty, disability and medical leave, and even worker’s compensation laws. The Denham amendment would deny truck drivers, including many who exclusively work only within their home state, from state protections. Included in these protections is meal and rest break laws that allow truckers to take a lunch break and/or a rest break after driving on the road for a certain number of hours. In most cases, these breaks are no more than a tenminute rest or a half hour lunch and often only occur when an employee works a full day, still allowing the employer the flexibility to determine when and how they are taken. Meal and rest break protections are especially important for highway safety. Commercial truck drivers are a class of workers whose fatigue has been a consistent and proven cause of highway injuries and deaths. Commercial truck drivers often operate trucks exceeding 26,000 pounds and typically work up to 14 hours a day, which puts other drivers and pedestrians at serious risk of injury or death. In fact, nearly 4,000 people die in large truck crashes each year, with driver fatigue being the leading cause. Protecting highway safety should be a top priority of Congress. Oppose the Denham Amendment. By preempting state laws that protect workers, this amendment should be opposed because of the following: The Denham amendment provides a sweeping exemption for motor carrier drivers from being covered by State and local wage and hour laws, including meal and rest break laws, paid sick leave, minimum wage, sick leave, jury duty, disability and medical leave, and even worker’s compensation laws. It should be noted that the Federal government has NO policy on many of these protections including sick leave, paternity leave, or family leave meaning, that if these workers are exempt from coverage under State law, and there is no Federal law, they are left without any protections. In addition, the amendment prohibits any additional obligations on motor carrier employers—which gives these employers a blank check to continue the current unsustainable models of driver compensation and also preemptively stops any future reforms to improve driver wages and working conditions at the State and local level. This is a clear violation of states’ rights. This amendment would eliminate each state’s ability to protect their workers and citizens, an area which has historically been recognized as part of a state’s police powers. Under the 10th amendment, there has always been a presumption against preemption of state laws that protect the welfare, safety and health of the public, including a state’s labor laws. If this amendment is adopted, Congress would be overturning hundreds of state laws that have provided its workers, including truck drivers, with employee protections they need to carry out their work in a safe and productive manner. Congress has rejected numerous attempts to preempt similar state meal and rest protections in the past, repeatedly declining to overturn the ability of states to govern the work and safety conditions of their workers in this area. In addition, the Department of Transportation also opposed meal and rest break preemption in 2014, arguing that ‘‘there is a presumption against preemption in areas of traditional State ‘police powers’ or control, and that labor laws are a clear area of traditional State control. Currently, twenty states have versions of these types of protections on the books which would immediately be wiped out by this amendment, including laws in CA, CO, CT, DE, IL, KY, ME, MA, MN, NE, NV, NH, NY, ND, OR, RI, TN, VT, WA, and WV. If preempting meal and rest break laws in twenty states was not bad enough, the new Denham amendment is broader, preempting state employment and labor laws in ALL 50 States. Some of the state laws that would be impacted by this overly broad amendment are: minimum wage, sick pay, jury duty, disability, medical leave and even worker’s compensation laws. If this Denham amendment passes, truck drivers, who frequently avail themselves of worker’s compensation benefits based on the precarious nature of their job, will no longer be covered by their state worker’s compensation laws. This is an atrocious and unfair attack on one class of workers. Under Federal law there is no available remedy to a worker if a trucking company chooses to break the law and refuse a worker to take a meal or rest break. State laws, on the other hand, like the one in California, impose a monetary fine on the employer equal to one hour’s pay if the employer violates the law. Therefore, if this amendment is adopted there will be no remedy and thus no incentive for trucking companies to allow drivers to take breaks, creating a serious public and highway safety issue. It should be noted that these breaks are not mandatory and are instead at the discretion of the individual driver. By eliminating the incentive for trucking companies to follow the law and allow their truckers to take breaks, this amendment would result in a greater likelihood of crashes due to fatigue. Nearly 4,000 people die in large truck crashes each year and driver fatigue is the leading cause. This amendment not only harms the safety of commercial truck drivers, but the motoring public and pedestrians at large. The amendment would also overturn state laws that require workers to be paid for all hours worked at the agreed upon minimum rate. Instead, companies would be allowed to only pay drivers for the time they spend driving, despite the fact that drivers are required to spend a great deal of time performing nondriving duties in the fulfillment of their employment such as pre and post trip inspections, maintenance and loading and unloading. The amendment would preempt state law that limits the number of hours a regulated driver may work including state disability discrimination and workers’ compensation provisions where an employer has discretion to return a driver to work with limited work hours following an accident or illness. Moreover, the amendment would eliminate the right to take any leave under state versions of the Family and Medical Leave Act or allow reasonable accommodation to provide an employee time off of work for prayer or religious practice under state religious discrimination laws. The amendment applies retroactively: If wiping out worker and truck drivers’ existing rights weren’t bad enough, this amendment applies retroactively and would therefore wipe out lawsuits, settlements, and judgments won by truck drivers for employer violations going back to 1994. That’s 23 years of jurisprudence and judgments that held trucking companies accountable for breaking the law and violating their employees’ rights. The retroactivity provision is an affront to states’ rights and state courts. 
APRIL 18, 2018. Re Preemption of State Rights in FAA Reauthorization. Hon. MEMBERS OF THE HOUSE , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MEMBER OF CONGRESS : On behalf of the undersigned organizations, we write to remind you of our continued opposition to the inclusion of any language in the FAA reauthorization bill that would preempt state regulations that protect commercial drivers. These essential, longstanding laws were specifically designed to reduce worker fatigue and to protect workers and the public from workplace crashes, injuries, and deaths. As you know, previous Congresses have rejected such preemption language, commonly known as the ‘‘meal and rest break’’ provision, time after time because it would overturn the ability of states to govern the working conditions of their truck drivers. This amendment would deny truck drivers, including many who never leave that state, from taking the lunch break and/or a rest break which they are granted under state law. In most cases, these breaks are no more than a tenminute rest break or a half hour break for lunch. They often only occur when an employee works a full day and the employer typically retains flexibility to determine the manner in which their employees take these breaks. Twenty states have versions of these laws on the books which would immediately be upended, including laws in CA, CO, CT, DE, IL, KY, ME, MA, MN, NE, NV, NH, NY, ND, OR, RI, TN, VT, WA, and WV. In addition to being bad policy, Congress has not had a single public hearing on this issue or any meaningful discussion and analysis of its merits. This fundamental change to surface transportation policy clearly falls within the jurisdiction of a surface transportation bill, and yet it was rejected during the last highway bill. It has no place in any legislation reauthorizing of the FAA. We urge you to continue to reject any language overturning basic state protections for truck drivers as you consider FAA reauthorization legislation. We greatly appreciate your support for protecting American workers and look forward to working with you to safeguard these important state laws. Sincerely, The International Brotherhood of Teamsters; American Association for Justice; OwnerOperator Independent Drivers Association; Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety; Truck Safety Coalition; Road Safe America; Parents Against Tired Truckers; Citizens for Reliable and Safe Highways; Center for Auto Safety; Consumer Federation of America; Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association; SMART–TD (UTU); KidsAndCars.org; Trauma Foundation. 
NATIONAL EMPLOYMENT LAWPROJECT  Vote ‘‘NO’’ on Denham Amendment to H.R. 4 Congressman Denham has introduced an amendment to the Federal Aviation Administrative Authorization Act, (FAAAA) that would prohibit states from enacting or enforcing any law or regulation that imposes on interstate motor carriers any obligation beyond that covered in the socalled ‘‘hours of service’’ regulations under federal law. The amendment provides that ‘‘A State, political subdivision of a State, or political authority of 2 or more States may not enact or enforce a law, regulation, or other provision having the force and effect of law prohibiting employees whose hours of service are subject to regulation by the Secretary under section 31502 from working to the full extent permitted or at such times as permitted under such section, or imposing any additional obligations on motor carriers. . . .’’ While the amendment specifically overrules state rest and meal breaks provisions, its broad language would reach even farther and deny truck drivers the protections of a wide range of state and local labor standards that have protected them for decades. The bill represents an enormous overreach by the federal government and overrules decades of court precedents confirming that truck drivers are entitled to basic minimum and prevailing wages, paid sick days, and to be properly classified as employees. It would carve truck drivers out of traditional workplace protections like unemployment compensation and workers’ compensation as well as more recent standards that states and localities, have seen fit to afford their residents. This big government overreach is the latest phase of the corporate ‘‘preemption’’ strategy, backed by industry front groups like ALEC and conservative donors like the Koch Brothers, that seeks to go over the heads of state and local governments to roll back a wide range of broadly popular worker protections. This sweeping rollback would reverse that eighty years of worker protections and leave truck drivers more vulnerable to long hours and abusive working conditions. Here are some examples of how the law would affect millions of truck drivers across the country: Workers compensation and truck safety. Truck drivers have the highest number and rate of fatal occupational injuries of any occupation in the United States. They also have the second highest rate of all occupations for nonfatal serious injuries and illnesses. Yet this amendment would deny workers’ compensation benefits to all drivers and deny states the right to establish safety and hazardous cargo controls, under the guise of providing uniform federal law. Minimum wage. At a time when Congress has kept the federal minimum wage frozen at just $7.25 since 2009, more and more states have been stepping in to fill the void. Currently, 31 states and more than 40 localities have approved minimum wage increases above the current federal level of $7.25, affecting the pay of 15 million workers. But the amendment would strip truck drivers of these minimum wage protections. Independent contractor abuses. Worker misclassification is a pressing issue for truck drivers across the country, and across the country, courts and administrative agencies are finding, applying state laws, that truck drivers have been illegally treated as independent contractors by the companies. The amendment would reverse these decisions and allow companies to continue to violate the law. Paid family leave and paid sick days. Currently, the District of Columbia, 9 states (Connecticut, California, Massachusetts, Oregon, Vermont, Arizona, Washington, Rhode Island and Maryland) and dozens of local jurisdictions extend paid sick leave to workers. And California, New Jersey, New York and Washington State provide paid family leave to workers in those states. The amendment would take away that benefit from truck drivers in some of the highest truckingdependent states in the country. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time remains on each side? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon has 2 minutes remaining. The gentleman from California has 1 minute remaining. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, let me just say, Mr. DEFAZIO has said this is very broad. It is very, very succinct. Title 49, section 31502 is the law. The regulation is 40 CFR 395. This is very, very tight compared to 1994, when the Democrats had control of the House, the Senate, and the Presidency. Mr. DEFAZIO, thankfully, supported it back then as a very broad measure dealing with all of these different issues. Now we are just dealing with meal and rest breaks only. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ) on this very bipartisan measure. Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chairman, again, overall, I want to thank Chairman SHUSTER and the ranking member for bringing the FAA bill in. But I also support the DenhamCosta amendment because, again, it is a narrow fix on this, and it is only dealing with the interstate itself. Again, this is a bill that we want to provide some sort of uniformity on. And that is all we are asking for is uniformity. If it crosses State lines, we are asking for that type of uniformity. Again, in the industry, those drivers cross State lines multiple times per day. So I would ask that you support the DenhamCosta amendment. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. MCEACHIN ). Mr. MCEACHIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. Chairman, this amendment seeks to preempt important Statelevel protections that help ensure truck drivers are treated fairly and that they are able to do their jobs safely. This language would not just erase existing meal and rest break requirements for truckers, it would affect all State and local wage and hour laws, with adverse implications for everything from workers’ compensation to the minimum wage. Such changes would be deeply harmful, and I urge my colleagues to oppose them. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. If you simply pick up a load in the Port of Los Angeles and drive 10 miles, that is deemed interstate commerce. The problem I was trying to solve with a narrow amendment version was to say if someone is coming in from Nevada, crosses the State line, there would be confusion. That is truly interstate commerce. What would apply? The Federal hours of service, State hours of service, et cetera. There could be a narrow fix to this issue. This is a preemption. If you read the law, basically, from working to the full extent permitted or at such times as permitted under such section, or imposing any additional obligations on motor carriers if such employees work to the full extent or at such times as permitted under such section. 
So this would be a preemption in all 50 States of whatever additional conditions they have put in place. Many truck drivers are horribly abused already. We have done away with detention time, and we have put time limits on when they can drive, for safety reasons. They are sitting at some warehouse facility for hours, earning nothing, unless we can have States with additional laws. If we aren’t going to have Federal detention time, perhaps States can help with these problems. We do not want abused, tired truck drivers out on the road. We want them to be able to earn a living wage. I have met with drivers out of the port numerous times who are in these endless deals to theoretically buy their truck that they never get to buy, and some of them are not even taking home $100 a week and working many, many hours. We need to stop these abuses. This is only going to make things worse. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 67 to the end that the Chair put the question de novo. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). The amendment was rejected. 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 81 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title V, insert the following: 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall begin a study of international air cargo services among the United States and Central American, South American, and Caribbean Basin countries, that— (1) analyzes the supply of and demand for air cargo transportation services among the United States and Central American, South American, and Caribbean Basin countries; (2) analyzes the supply of and demand for air cargo transportation services between— (A) the United States, Central American, South American, and Caribbean Basin countries; and (B) Africa and Europe; (3) identifies the busiest routes in terms of cargo capacity and frequency of air service; (4) identifies any air carrier or foreign air carrier hubs in Central American, South American, and Caribbean Basin countries at which a significant amount of air cargo is sorted, handled, or consolidated for transportation to or from the United States; (5) identifies any air carrier or foreign air carrier hubs in the United States at which a significant amount of air cargo is sorted, handled, or consolidated for transportation to or from Central American, South American, and Caribbean Basin countries. (6) identifies any significant gaps in the air cargo services or cargo air carrier networks— (A) among the countries described in paragraph (2)(A); (B) between such countries and Africa; and (C) between such countries and Europe; and (7) assesses the possible impact of the establishment of an air carrier hub in Puerto Rico at which air cargo is sorted, handled, or consolidated for transportation to or from the United States, including the impact on— (A) the employment rate and economy of Puerto Rico; (B) domestic and foreign air transportation of cargo; (C) United States competitiveness in the air transportation of cargo; (D) air cargo operations at other airports in the United States; and (E) domestic air carrier employment. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study described in subsection (a). (c) DEFINITION .—The term ‘‘Caribbean Basin countries’’ has the same meaning given the term ‘‘Caribbean Basin country’’ in section 501 of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1737). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss GONZA´LEZ COLO´N) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico. Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 4 and, of course, the amendment that I am supporting and sponsoring today. I want to thank Chairman SHUSTER for providing me the opportunity to speak on behalf of this simple yet very important amendment that Congressman DONYOUNG  has joined me in sponsoring. A lack of reliable data on which Congress can make informed decisions is a recurring problem for Puerto Rico. The bipartisan Congressional Task Force on Economic Growth in Puerto Rico, established by PROMESA, unanimously recognized this problem, back in 2016, and made numerous recommendations that were designed to include Puerto Rico in Federal statistical programs. My amendment to H.R. 4 is consistent with the Task Force’s recommendations to remove regulatory burdens inhibiting commerce between Puerto Rico, the U.S. mainland, and international markets. Puerto Rico needs to reactivate and diversify its economic base in order to emerge not just from the current disaster situation, but to have stable, longterm economic growth. My amendment simply seeks to evaluate Puerto Rico’s potential as an air cargo hub and to obtain recommendations as to how to best achieve that potential. It does not change the current statutory regime over air cargo operations on the island. It simply seeks to provide the hard data required to make a sound decision about it. It provides for evaluating the competitive situation in the Caribbean region, not just relative to Puerto Rico, but to other foreign and continental U.S. airport hubs serving it so that it also serves to provide a better picture for the overall future competitive environment in the region. Puerto Rico has the necessary infrastructure in three internationalcapable airports with ample space and ports. The island also has a privileged geographic location that gives it high potential as a cargo hub between the Caribbean and northern South America, Europe, and Africa, as well as being at the southeasternmost corner of the U.S. domestic air transportation network. The Puerto Rico Manufacturers Association, the largest business and employer organization on the island, supports this amendment and the potential development of the island as an air cargo hub. The island’s pharmaceutical manufacturers would also benefit from Puerto Rico becoming an air cargo hub. Mr. Chairman, it is the private sector and private investments that will play the leading role in rebuilding our island’s economy. This is now, more than ever, critical as we continue to recover in the aftermath of the hurricanes. The island of Puerto Rico’s jobs are American jobs, and we look for new opportunities to grow our economy. This amendment will provide the data to evaluate what would be the capacity for developing this kind of business activity and what its potential impact would be on the local and national economy. I want to thank Chairmen Shuster and LoBiondo for their support and guidance, and I urge that this amendment be adopted as part of this reauthorization bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, but I do support the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky). Without objection, the gentleman is recognize for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I rise to support the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico. This amendment requires the U.S. Government Accountability Office, or the GAO, study air cargo traffic in the Caribbean, including an assessment and data collection. This data and assessment are needed to help assess Puerto Rico’s role as a cargo hub for international traffic. I look forward to seeing what the GAO reports. Therefore, I support this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. b1615 Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Chairman, this bill will provide data that is important for the due recognition in terms of the capabilities of the island for the near future, and I hope this bill will pass and give Puerto Rico the opportunities we need to fulfill the opportunities in the region and the States. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 84 OFFERED BY MRS . COMSTOCK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 84 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
STUDY AND REPORT .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study regarding spaceport activities carried out pursuant to chapters 509 and 511 of title 51, United States Code, including— (A) an assessment of potential mechanisms to provide Federal support to spaceports, including the airport improvement program 
established under subchapter I of chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code, and the program established under chapter 511 of title 51, United States Code; (B) recommendations for potential funding options, including funds that may be collected from launch providers or launch customers; and (C) any necessary changes to improve the spaceport application review process. (2) CONSULTATION .—In carrying out the study described in paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall consult with sources from each component of the launch process, including interested persons in industry and government officials at the Federal, State, and local levels. (3) USERFUNDED SPACEPORTS .—In reviewing funding options, the Comptroller General shall distinguish between spaceports that are funded by users and those that are not. (4) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report containing results of the study conducted under paragraph (1). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Virginia. 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that my amendment No. 84 be modified in the manner that I have placed at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the modification. The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment No. 84 printed in part A of House Report 115– 650 offered by Mrs. COMSTOCK : 
STUDY AND REPORT .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study regarding spaceport activities carried out pursuant to chapters 509 and 511 of title 51, United States Code, including— (A) an assessment of potential mechanisms to provide Federal support to spaceports, including the airport improvement program established under subchapter I of chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code, and the program established under chapter 511 of title 51, United States Code; (B) recommendations for potential funding options, including funds that may be collected from launch providers or launch customers; and (C) any necessary changes to improve the spaceport application review process. 
(2) C ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the study described in paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall consult with sources from each component of the launch process, including interested persons in industry and government officials at the Federal, State, and local levels. (3) USERFUNDED SPACEPORTS .—In reviewing funding options, the Comptroller General shall distinguish between spaceports that are funded by users and those that are not. (4) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report containing results of the study conducted under paragraph (1). 
Mrs. COMSTOCK (during the reading). Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the modification be considered as read. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Virginia? There was no objection. The ACTING Chair. Is there objection to the original request of the gentlewoman from Virginia? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is modified. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Chairman, my bipartisan amendment reflects several policy recommendations that have been proposed in various forms over the last several years, including Representative BRIDENSTINE ’s Space Renaissance Act. State spaceports have become increasingly important elements of our national space launch infrastructure, with States like Virginia, Florida, and Alaska contributing hundreds of millions in infrastructure improvements to launch sites to better support NASA, DOD, and commercial launch. State spaceports like the MidAtlantic Regional Spaceport at Wallops Island in Virginia, which launches Orbital ATK’s Antares and Minotaur rockets, have provided new, lowcost capabilities for NASA, Defense, and commercial users, while also improving resiliency and responsiveness. The recent NASA Reauthorization Act, which passed the House Science Committee by an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote last week, included language urging NASA to fully leverage such State spaceport investments to meet infrastructure demands to support national missions. As we now consider this FAA Reauthorization Act, it is also important to note that the FAA currently plays a critical role in licensing and working with these spaceports as they grow their infrastructure and capabilities to support a variety of missions. This amendment will help recognize the important role of these spaceports to our national launch infrastructure, establish an office of spaceports to better coordinate licensing, policy, and technical support for spaceports, as well as direct two important reports—one by the Secretary of Transportation and another by GAO—to address policy issues facing spaceports in our growing launch market. The amendment is supported by a bipartisan group of my colleagues from Virginia, Maryland, and Florida and is supported by Virginia Space, Space Florida, and the National Association of Spaceports, among others. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, even though I support the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I support the amendment being offered by the gentlewoman from Virginia. This amendment would create within the FAA Commercial Space Transportation Office an office of spaceports, a centralized policy office that will support and promote infrastructure improvements at FAAlicensed spaceports. This amendment also requires a report to Congress evaluating the Federal Government’s national security and civil space launch demands, and offers recommendations on how we can further support and promote greater investment in commercial space infrastructure. It also requires the Comptroller General to study spaceport activities in the U.S. Commercial space transportation and enabled industries includes satellite and ground equipment manufacturing, satellite services and remote sensing, and distribution industries. In 2015, the size of the global space industry was estimated to be $335 billion; the size of the U.S. space industry was approximately $126 billion, which includes $89 billion in revenues generated by satellite services, manufacturing, ground equipment, and launch services. The commercial launch of satellites is particularly important as these technologies offer us a range of services from television and radio broadcasts to highspeed internet and weather forecasting. This amendment will strengthen the Nation’s competitiveness in this nascent industry and offer us a better understanding of how we can maintain a robust and resilient network of space transportation infrastructure. Mr. Chairman, with that, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I urge passage of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ). The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 87 OFFERED BY MR . LYNCH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 87 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
To reduce the impact of overflight noise on local communities, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall engage and cooperate with air carriers to identify and facilitate opportunities for the air carriers to retrofit aircraft with devices that mitigate noise, including vortex generators. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member DEFAZIO for their hard work, and also Mr. LARSEN as well. I have to confess that mentally in my mind I have a list of Republicans I wish wouldn’t run for office again, but I am proud and happy to say that, Mr. SHUSTER , you are not on that list. I just want to congratulate you on your good work not only on this bill, but in the past on a lot of issues that affect not only the constituents in your district, but also people across this country. Thank you for your service. I was hoping that I might come to the floor today to talk about ways that we might prevent terrorists and criminal organizations from registering aircraft in the United States. There is a Department of Transportation Inspector General report that is well known to Members here that basically lays out the case for more closely scrutinizing the registration of U.S. aircraft. They came up with a few glaring examples that I will mention here. Recently, it was discovered that Hezbollah, through a front person, also from Lebanon, registered an aircraft here in the United States with no landing permit. In addition, we had another aircraft registered through the FAA through Wells Fargo Bank, which we understand was located in Tripoli International Airport in Libya, with no landing permit, just hours before the U.N. Security Council met to approve a nofly zone over that country. Similarly, we had an aircraft owned by the brother of Ghana’s president but registered by the Bank of Utah, which mysteriously appeared in Tehran, Iran, in 2014, bearing an American flag emblem. This occurred, obviously, in the midst of U.S. and international sanctions. Prohibiting the travel of U.S. aircraft to Iran was the law at that point. The FAA could not explain who was operating the plane or who owned it, and the lack of transparency and accountability in the FAA’s registration system is a serious national security threat. Now, there was a time when Democrats and Republicans could work on amendments like that and they would 
be accepted. I am still mystified as to where the opposition came from. Also, public health and safety demands that the FAA take immediate steps to mitigate the impact of concentrated flight paths which come in and out of major airports around the country. They have got a new system called a NextGen RNAV system that concentrates the flights over very narrow strips of neighborhoods and in the areas adjacent to those airports. And we can do a lot, Mr. Chairman, to mitigate that damage. But that is not in this bill. What I am here to talk about is retrofitting aircraft with noise mitigation devices known as vortex generators. These devices are lightweight and divert wind from the vents on the underside of an aircraft’s wing to significantly reduce noise during descent. European carriers such as Lufthansa, British Airways, and Air France have already adapted their older Airbus aircraft with these devices, and new models now come equipped with them. My amendment, which is cosponsored by several of my colleagues on the Congressional Quiet Skies Caucus, would ensure that American air carriers are following suit. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I reluctantly rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend and, actually, my classmate, Mr. LYNCH . You, myself, and JOEWILSON are the last of the special election eight that came in 2001, so with me leaving, it will just be up to you and JOEWILSON . But I appreciate working with you. I appreciate the intent of your amendment. Again, I reluctantly oppose it because of my high regard for you and the work you have done here. I might add too that what you are talking about, the registration—your amendment, I am familiar with it; I think it might have had some unintended consequences. But I also believe that what they do in Oklahoma City at the registry would put some language in this bill to change that process out there. I intend to go out and see it firsthand, because there are problems out there with the way they operate out there in Oklahoma City. Again, I understand what you are talking about. But I do rise, reluctantly, to oppose the amendment. The amendment would require the FAA to undertake a very unclear task, I believe, facilitating opportunities for air carriers to install noise reduction devices. If you come onto the House floor with an FAA bill, the number one amendment that we have—many, many amendments that we have deal with noise. So it is a problem out there. But the air carriers do have an incentive to, again, operate and reduce the noise of their aircraft, and each new generation of aircraft continues to reduce the noise. I know that in Connecticut, I believe, Briggs & Stratton has a facility up there, United Technologies, and they were talking about a jet engine that will reduce noise by as much as 70 percent. Again, technology. A lot of smart people are out there trying to figure out innovative ways to reduce noise on these aircraft. Having the FAA involved in these air carrier business decisions, I believe, would stifle the innovation and would set back that development. But again, I thank the gentleman for his leadership. I am well aware of the issue. I at this point would urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. LARSEN). Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I rise to support the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts. It would direct the FAA to engage and cooperate with airlines to identify and facilitate opportunities for them to retrofit their aircraft with devices that mitigate noise. Air traffic noise is an extremely important issue to those who live in communities surrounding our airports. This noise can be destructive to the wellbeing of the residents of these communities. This amendment would go a long way toward mitigating future noise issues around our airports. I support this amendment and ask my colleagues to do the same. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts will be postponed. b1630 
AMENDMENT NO . 88 OFFERED BY MS . MENG  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 88 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall develop globalscale probabilistic convection guidance capability. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. MENG) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is a simple one. The entire text reads as follows: 
The FAA Administrator shall develop globalscale probabilistic convection guidance capability. 
In plain English, this means that the FAA would be required to develop the capability to predict where convection occurs so that aircraft can avoid it, if possible. Atmospheric convection is thought to induce a significant proportion of turbulence experienced by commercial aircraft, and that turbulence, even if only moderate, can lead to passenger and crew injuries and can result in high insurance costs for airlines. The FAA has been doing a commendable job of developing the capability to produce probabilistic forecasts of domestic oceanic convection over a 36 hour timeframe, but work remains to be done to improve this capability globally. The FAA would like to pursue further work in this area and has the hope of possibly achieving this capability by the end of 2020. In order to support this effort, I believe Congress should fully authorize the development of this important capability, and after doing so, it should adequately appropriate funds to accomplish the mission. Should this amendment pass today, I am committed to fully supporting the FAA’s work in this arena through my seat on the Appropriations Committee. I know we would all like a smooth flight in and out of D.C. each week. Let’s extend that possibility as often as possible to the American public seeking to cross an ocean or other continents on their travels. If you want your constituents to have smoother flights, I urge you to vote in favor of this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for offering this amendment, but I do oppose it. This amendment would require the FAA to develop a globalscale guidance system related to convection activity. The FAA already has extensive resources for obtaining necessary weather information for safe flight operations, including thunderstorm information, lightning, and so on. Additionally, the FAA is currently engaged in such weathermodeling development and is actively working towards deploying such capability in the future. However, this amendment will likely require significant budgetary resources 
from both the FAA and NOAA, and, unfortunately, the brevity of this amendment and the lack of details results in a vague mandate that may distract the FAA and NOAA from their ongoing efforts. If the intent is to improve forecasting efforts, then let’s not distract them from those efforts they are currently involved in. For these reasons, I urge all my colleagues to oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. MENG). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 96 OFFERED BY MR . ZELDIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 96 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
SEC. ll. MANDATORY USE OF THE NEW YORK NORTH SHORE HELICOPTER ROUTE. 
(a) P UBLIC COMMENT PERIOD .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall provide notice of, and an opportunity for, at least 60 days of public comment with respect to the regulations in subpart H of part 93 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. (2) TIMING .—The public comment period required under paragraph (1) shall begin not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) PUBLIC HEARING .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall hold a public hearing in the communities impacted by the regulations described in subsection (a)(1) to solicit feedback with respect to the regulations. (c) REVIEW .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall initiate a review of the regulations described in subsection (a)(1) that assesses the— (1) noise impacts of the regulations for communities, including communities in locations where aircraft are transitioning to or from a destination or point of landing; (2) enforcement of applicable flight standards, including requirements for helicopters operating on the relevant route to remain at or above 2,500 feet mean sea level; and (3) availability of alternative or supplemental routes to reduce the noise impacts of the regulations, including the institution of an all water route over the Atlantic Ocean. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my bipartisan amendment to address the deeply flawed North Shore Helicopter Route, which is impacting communities throughout Long Island, especially my constituents on the North Fork. The FAA’s North Shore Helicopter Route, which was made mandatory through an FAA bureaucratic edict in 2010, represents everything that is wrong with our unaccountable Federal bureaucracy. It lacks fairness, transparency, and common sense. It is not a bright idea to mandate aircraft traffic bound for the tip of an island to make its transition over land when multiple allwater routes which mitigate the noise impact are available. In addition to being illconceived and misguided, what makes this FAA mandate so extremely unfair is that it shifts the majority of air traffic in the area over Long Island’s North Fork, which does not have a busy airport or helicopter pad, and, thus, doesn’t get any of the economic benefit that the air traffic brings to neighboring communities on the South Fork that have an active seasonal airport. To close these loopholes and address this unfairness, I offer this critical amendment that will force the FAA to reassess the North Shore Helicopter Route and work on replacing it with a true allwater route over the Atlantic Ocean. This amendment also requires the FAA to hold public hearings on the North Shore Helicopter Route in the communities impacted by this flawed route and open up a public comment period so the people who live with aircraft noise season after season can have a voice. The FAA has, for years, ignored my constituents and the law since long before I was even in Congress. By continuing to extend the North Shore Helicopter Route through emergency authority, the FAA has been waiving the requirements in the Administrative Procedure Act and other Federal laws and regulations that require public comment and the consultation of the impacted local governments before any major regulatory decisions are made. I represent a district that is almost completely surrounded by water, so it is common sense that aircraft departing New York City bound for airports on the East End of Long Island can reduce noise by following true allwater routes. My amendment also requires the FAA to enforce its own rules regarding altitude restrictions for the aircraft following this flawed route. This is not just an issue in my district, but also impacts residents who are impacted by noise in Nassau County and Queens. That is why I have partnered with my Democratic colleagues, Representatives GRACE MENGand T OMSUOZZI , on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York. This amendment directs the FAA Administrator to offer a public comment period and public hearing with respect to the New York North Shore Helicopter Route and would then be required to review the applicable regulations related to the route and assess the noise impacts on communities and the availability of alternative or supplemental routes to reduce those impacts. I oppose it on the grounds that it is really not good policy to legislate on noise in a piecemeal fashion, addressing each region and each airport one by one. That is not the best way to address air traffic noise. The community has been aware of this issue for some time and certainly of the occasionally unreasonable exposure to helicopter noise reported by residents in urban areas. The Aviation Subcommittee held a roundtable on this in October of 2011 to explore this issue, and perhaps it is time to reup that roundtable to get some movement on this issue. Further, I have concern about possible unintended consequences of legislative proposals that could lead to the redistribution of aircraft noise. Although wellintentioned, such proposals have social justice ramifications and often can end up distributing noise over socially economically disadvantaged communities. We have to make sure that noise is distributed equitably if we are going to make these decisions. I would be happy to work, and I think on our side we would be happy to work with the gentleman and the cosponsors to try to address these concerns by talking directly with the FAA, but I have to oppose taking the solution towards a legislative resolution. I ask my colleagues to oppose it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, first off, with respect to my colleague on the other side of the aisle, it is very important for my constituents to have a voice. What is important to note here is that this route was extended by the FAA, put in the Federal Register, in the middle of a weekend. No one told me. No one told any of the local governments. There was no public hearing. There were no public comments accepted. Actually, the FAA, in this case, went out of their way to ensure that my constituents had zero voice whatsoever. That is under the current Federal law. Mr. Chairman, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ), the chairman of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding and rise in support of his amendment. Again, this amendment does address the concerns of the people on Long Island. As the gentleman pointed out, this was put in place without public comment, without talking to the folks that live and have to live under these 
overflights, so I applaud him for his efforts and commitment to his constituents on this issue. Again, he has worked tirelessly for the last two Congresses on this issue and been a tremendously effective advocate. I thank the gentleman for his continued leadership, and I thank him for his amendment and encourage Members to support Mr. ZELDIN ’s amendment. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for his support of this amendment, for doing everything in his power to ensure that my constituents have a voice, that they are heard, that they are represented, that they are able to provide their public comments, that they are allowed to have a hearing with the FAA. It really is very much appreciated by the residents of my district. And to my colleagues, Congresswoman GRACE MENG, Congressman SUOZZI , for everyone on the other side of the aisle who is showing leadership in supporting this effort, it is much appreciated, understanding that this was literally jammed through, in the Federal Register, without all sorts of not just courtesies provided, but worse, actually muzzling the voice of the people that they couldn’t even share any— any—of their comments whatsoever. Summer after summer, the quality of life of East End residents has suffered due to the persistent issue of this noise. The FAA and Department of Transportation have sole jurisdiction over the aircraft routes that have impacted these communities, but from the route’s planning to its continued use, they have flat out ignored the residents directly affected. I am urging all my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 97 OFFERED BY MRS . LAWRENCE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 97 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
SEC. 543. STUDY ON DIVERSITY OF CYBERSECURITY WORKFORCE OF FAA. 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences to conduct a study on the diversity of the cybersecurity workforce of the Administration in order to develop recommendations to increase the size, quality, and diversity of such workforce, including cybersecurity researchers and specialists. (b) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the completion of the study conducted under subsection (a), the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of such study. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Michigan. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that will direct the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, FAA, to enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences to conduct a study on the diversity of the cybersecurity workforce of the FAA in order to develop recommendations to increase the size, quality, and diversity of such workforce. Every day, Federal departments and agencies across our Nation face a barrage of cybersecurity attacks that threaten our national and economic security. An attack in 2006 forced the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration to shut down one of its air traffic control systems in Alaska. Another attack that possibly involved malicious hacking and phishing targeted 75 airports in the United States in 2013. Now, in recent years, the FAA has taken concrete steps to improve cybersecurity protection mechanisms; however, Congress needs to ensure that the FAA has the ability and resources to implement cybersecurity protocols across all segments of the National Airspace System. The mission of the FAA is ‘‘to provide the safest, most efficient aerospace system in the world,’’ and one of the five values of the agency to execute on that mission includes, in their vision statement: ‘‘People are our strength. Our success depends on the respect, diversity, collaboration, and commitment of our workforce.’’ b1645 According to CyberSeek, a national program of National Institute of Standards and Technology in the Department of Commerce, in 2017, the U.S. employed nearly 800,000 people in cybersecurity positions. However, that same report goes on to add that approximately 350,000 jobs remain open in the cybersecurity space. To ensure that FAA continues to safeguard the world’s safest and most productive aviation sector, Congress needs to ensure that the FAA has all of the tools necessary to ready its workforce. According to the FAA 2015 Performance and Accountability Report, the agency has over 45,000 employees who have diverse educational and career backgrounds. So when we look at our air traffic controllers, researchers, maintenance specialists, safety inspectors, and mechanical and electrical software engineers, innovative solutions to national cybersecurity challenges will come from a diversity of perspectives. That is why my amendment will study the needs of the existing cybersecurity workforce of the FAA, and help identify and address any gaps that exist, and ensure that the size, quality, and diversity of such workforce at the FAA keep pace with the rapid technological advancements in the aviation sector. I want to thank Chairman SHUSTER  and Ranking Member PETER DEFAZIO for their strength and their leadership. And I want to thank Chairman SHUSTER for his leadership and emphasis on skills development and training. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for offering this amendment. It is a good amendment. The cybersecurity workforce will play a greater role in the aviation industry in the years ahead. Mr. Chairman, I encourage all of my colleagues to support Mrs. LAWRENCE ’s amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague on the other side of the aisle for his support. Our skilled trained workforce is one of the greatest challenges we have in America in supplying a workforce that is going to address the skilled needs of our workforce. If we don’t address it and be proactive, it is going to be creating a challenge not only to filling jobs, but creating the workforce that will get the job done. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to pass this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part A of House Report 115– 650 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 42 by Mr. DEFAZIO of Oregon. Amendment No. 60 by Mr. ROHRABACHER of California. Amendment No. 63 by Mr. KINGof Iowa. Amendment No. 78 by Mr. LIPINSKI of Illinois. Amendment No. 79 by Mr. DENHAM of California. Amendment No. 87 by Mr. LYNCH of Massachusetts. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MR . DEFAZIO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 192, noes 223, not voting 13, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen Rosen RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano SheaPorter Sherman Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—13 
Black Blackburn Carson (IN) Gowdy Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lewis (GA) Lofgren Noem Sewell (AL) Sires Wilson (FL) 
b1716 Mr. CONAWAY, Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Messrs. MCHENRY, HILL, GOODLATTE, STEWART, BRADY of Texas, COHEN, GOHMERT, and GRAVES of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, Messrs. CORREA, KIHUEN, and SERRANO changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia). The Chair advises all Members to stay close to the floor. The next series of votes will be a 2minute vote. Please stay close to the floor. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 37, noes 375, not voting 16, as follows: 
Aderholt Bass Beyer Brady (TX) Calvert Davidson Duncan (SC) Garrett Gohmert Harris Higgins (NY) Hultgren Hunter Kelly (MS) LaMalfa Lamborn Lieu, Ted Lowenthal Lynch McClintock Moolenaar Peterson Poe (TX) Posey Raskin Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Royce (CA) Schiff Schweikert Sherman Stewart Stivers Taylor Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wilson (SC) 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs 
Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi LaHood Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions SheaPorter Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Black Blackburn Carson (IN) Cicilline Costello (PA) Gowdy Gutie´rrez Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lewis (GA) Lofgren Noem Sewell (AL) Sires Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1720 Mr. ADERHOLT changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 63 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 172, noes 243, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Taylor Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) NOES—243 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Bacon Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi LaHood Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin 
Black Blackburn Carson (IN) Gowdy Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lewis (GA) Lofgren Noem Sewell (AL) Sires Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1727 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California changed her vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 78 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 92, noes 323, not voting 13, as follows: 
Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Beyer Bonamici Bustos Capuano Carbajal Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Cleaver Connolly Cooper Crist Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Ellison Eshoo Fortenberry Gabbard Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Harris Herrera Beutler Huffman Hultgren Hunter Jackson Lee Jayapal Jones Kaptur Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kind Kinzinger Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Matsui McCollum McGovern Moore Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Raskin Rohrabacher Ruiz Rush Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, Austin SheaPorter Sherman Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Takano Thompson (CA) Tonko Tsongas Vela Walz Waters, Maxine Wilson (SC) Yarmuth 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dingell Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hurd Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Black Blackburn Carson (IN) Gowdy Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lewis (GA) Lofgren Noem Sewell (AL) Sires Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1732 Mr. NORCROSS changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico, Mrs. BEATTY, and Ms. SPEIER changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 79 OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 222, noes 193, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) Kinzinger Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert 
Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth Zeldin 
Black Blackburn Carson (IN) Gowdy Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lewis (GA) Lofgren Noem Sewell (AL) Sires Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1735 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 87 OFFERED BY MR . LYNCH  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 187, noes 227, not voting 14, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harris Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano SheaPorter Sherman Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—14 
Black Blackburn Carson (IN) Gowdy Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lewis (GA) Lofgren Noem Scott, David Sewell (AL) Sires Wilson (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1739 Mr. EVANS changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained and missed rollcall votes 
155 to 160. Had I been present, I would have cast the following votes: Rollcall 155, on H.R. 4, DeFazio Amendment, vote ‘‘yea.’’ Rollcall 156, on H.R. 4, Rohrabacher/Bass Amendment, vote ‘‘nay.’’ Rollcall 157, on H.R. 4, S. King Amendment, vote ‘‘nay.’’ Rollcall 158, on H.R. 4, Lipinski Amendment, vote ‘‘yea.’’ Rollcall 159, on H.R. 4, Denha/Costa Amendment, vote ‘‘nay.’’ Rollcall 160, on H.R. 4, Lynch/Meng Amendment, vote ‘‘yea.’’ 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Chair, I was not present for the following votes because I chose to remain in my congressional district in Miami for an important district event. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall Vote No. 155; ‘‘no’’ on rollcall Vote No. 156; ‘‘no’’ on rollcall Vote No. 157; ‘‘no’’ on rollcall Vote No. 158; ‘‘no’’ on rollcall Vote No. 159; and ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall Vote No. 160. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SMUCKER ) having assumed the chair, Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
IRAN HUMAN RIGHTS AND HOSTAGETAKING ACCOUNTABILITY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4744) to impose additional sanctions with respect to serious human rights abuses of the Government of Iran, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 410, nays 2, not voting 16, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—2 
Babin Black Blackburn Comstock Fortenberry Gabbard Gowdy Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lewis (GA) Lofgren Noem Sewell (AL) Sires Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administration be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 118, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 118 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. UNITED STATES CAPITOL GROUNDS: LANDSCAPE ARCHITECT FREDERICK LAW OLMSTEAD’S DESIGN FOR DEMOCRACY. 
(a) P RINTING AS HOUSE DOCUMENT .—The book entitled ‘‘United States Capitol 
Grounds: Landscape Architect Frederick Law Olmstead’s Design for Democracy’’, prepared by the Office of the Architect of the Capitol, shall be printed as a House document under the direction of the Joint Committee on Printing. (b) STYLE ; BINDING .—The book described in subsection (a) shall be printed in such style, form, and manner and with such binding as the Joint Committee on Printing may direct, in consultation with the Clerk of the House of Representatives and the Secretary of the Senate. (c) NUMBER OF COPIES .—In addition to the usual number of copies, there shall be printed for the use of the Architect of the Capitol the lesser of— (1) 5,000 copies of the book printed under this section; or (2) such number of copies of the book as does not exceed a total production and printing cost of $400,000. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR THE VICTIMS AND HERO OF WAFFLE HOUSE MASS SHOOTING (Mr. COOPER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with members of the Tennessee delegation and with the Congressional Black Caucus to honor the victims of a deadly mass shooting at a Waffle House in Antioch, Tennessee, early on the morning of Sunday, April 22. The four young, promising lives that were lost were Joe R. Perez, DeEbony Groves, Taurean C. Sanderlin, and Akilah DaSilva. Fortunately, James Shaw, Jr., was also in the restaurant to confront the shooter and to take away his weapon with his bare hands, probably saving the lives of 16 other people. Let us honor all of the victims and our hero, James Shaw, Jr., with a moment of silence. 
CONGRATULATING THE DELAWARE ACADEMY HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS’ VARSITY BASKETBALL TEAM (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize, along with my colleague Congressman JOHN FASO, an outstanding group of young women from Delaware Academy in Delhi, New York. The Delaware Academy Girls’ Varsity Basketball team won this year’s New York State Class D Basketball Championship. It was an intense game with a last 3point shot from Logan Bruce that carried the team into overtime. The game finally ended in the first overtime with Delaware defeating Franklinville with a score of 54–51. This is Delaware Academy’s first basketball State title and the first State title in any of the women’s and girls’ sports. The Delaware team, known as the Bulldogs, has 14 superior talented athletes: First, the threepoint shot, which was made by Logan Bruce, Olivia Wakin, Kaitlyn Finch, Brenna Gioffe, Julia Burns, Aileen Nealis, Hannah Baxter, Anna Post, Reagan Bracchy, Meredith Mable, Caroline Grace, Cella Schnabel, Sophia Wakin, and eighth grader Sylvia Liddle. Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to have my colleagues join me in congratulating this outstanding, talented group of women and their coaches: Todd Bruce, A.J. Mucciaro, and Tom Gliddon, on becoming New York State champions for the first time. As a former starting center for my high school girls’ basketball team, I am just so proud to say: Go, Bulldogs. f 
DEMOCRATS HAVE A BETTER DEAL ON HEALTHCARE (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, this week, Democrats are highlighting our ‘‘Better Deal’’ that we are offering the American people. One area where this Republican Congress has given the American people a bad deal is healthcare. Because of their repeated attempts to repeal and undermine the Affordable Care Act, uncertainty has plagued our health insurance markets, leading insurers to flee and premiums to go up. Republicans included in their tax law a provision that will take coverage away from 13 million people and hike premiums by more than 10 percent annually. The Trump administration is also making every effort, Mr. Speaker, to unravel vital consumer protections through rulemaking. Now many who were finally protected under the Affordable Care Act will again be vulnerable to discrimination and to higher costs for comprehensive coverage. That is the Republican approach, unfortunately, to healthcare: higher costs, lower coverage, and, yes, an age tax, and a return to the days when insurers could deny coverage based upon preexisting conditions. Democrats are offering a better deal: stabilizing markets, bringing down premiums, making prescription drugs more affordable, and protecting Medicare and Medicaid, which are the Republicans’ next targets. 
NATIONAL PRESCRIPTION DRUG TAKE BACK DAY (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the National Prescription Drug Take Back Day on April 28. In the 30 years I served as a community pharmacist, I saw prescription drugs save lives. However, I have also seen these same drugs, coupled with addiction, ruin careers, ruin families, and ruin lives. Today, 89 people die in the United States every day from prescription painkiller overdose. Prescription drugs have become the target of theft and abuse, and it is critical that we do everything we can to combat the epidemic by safely disposing of unused medications. That is why I encourage you to go through your medicine cabinets, find any unused prescription medications, and bring them to your closest takeback location. The DEA website allows you to easily search the closest collection site. By disposing of your unused medications, you are saving lives in your community. Again, National Prescription Take Back Day is April 28. f 
GLOBAL YOUTH SERVICE DAY (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, last weekend was the 30th anniversary of Global Youth Service Day. I spent Saturday morning at the Community FoodBank of New Jersey to meet with around 50 young people who had volunteered their day to serve others. Of course, young people have always been great leaders, but with social media and other technologies connecting people like never before, the power of diverse young minds coming together has taken on a new dimension. Young people are comparing notes across the country and around the world, and they are doing something to change the course of history. Young people are leading marches, they are running for office, and they are putting their minds and bodies to the service of others. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Community FoodBank of New Jersey and the young people across this country who participated in the 2018 Global Youth Service Day. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF WILLIAM ALLEN ‘‘AL’’ NEWMAN (Mr. NORMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, William Allen Newman, 64, received his reward in Heaven on February 15, 2018, after a brief illness. He was the loving husband for 43 years of Lucia Woodward Newman. He was born on February 24, 1953, in Sumter and was a son of the late Lonnie 
Cullen Newman, Sr., and Frances Pollard Newman. Al attended Bethesda Church of God where he was the bass player for the praise team. He also played in the band known as ‘‘Chief Complaint.’’ Al was the administrator of Northwoods Senior Living, which was a ministry for people with chronic or similar illnesses. He spent his life in ministry serving others. He graduated from Southern Methodist College with a degree in Christian ministries. He graduated from Wilson Hall in 1971. He spent his life working with the visually handicapped, mentally challenged, and the underprivileged, trying to make a difference in their lives. Join me in welcoming William Allen Newman into Heaven. 
b1800 FINANCIAL LITERACY MONTH 2018 (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of Financial Literacy Month, which is celebrated every year in April. Whether it is purchasing your first car, getting a job, going to college, starting a family, or even saving for retirement, it is imperative that Americans of all ages have the capacity to make sound financial decisions. That is precisely what I have been fighting for these last two decades. In the Ohio Statehouse, I successfully spearheaded legislation requiring all public high school students to complete a financial literacy class prior to graduation. Now I am proud to continue this important work in the Halls of Congress. Working with the Jump$tart Coalition and serving as the cochair of the House Financial and Economic Literacy Caucus, I had the opportunity to recently host and honor students during Financial Literacy Day on the Hill. Mr. Speaker, I am asking all of our colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, to join us in Financial Literacy Month. 
NATIONAL SMALL BUSINESS WEEK (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Small Business Committee, I am proud to stand with owners and entrepreneurs in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who embody the spirit of American enterprise. As such, and in honor of National Small Business Week, beginning Sunday, I am proud to recognize two small businesses in my district that have recently achieved significant milestones in their respective industries. Crossing Vineyards and Winery of Washington Crossing, Pennsylvania, was named a top 50 Irishowned small business and will be honored at the Irish Small Business 50 Awards in Philadelphia. Additionally, Sabre Systems of Warrington was recently contracted by the United States Air Force to develop a cuttingedge antenna that would be more difficult to detect, further strengthening our military at home and abroad. I am proud of these local small businesses and so many others in my district, Mr. Speaker. We must do our part as elected officials to enable them to thrive and succeed in our diverse and global economy. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JENNIFER RIORDAN (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mrs. Jennifer Riordan, who tragically lost her life on Southwest Airlines flight 1380 on April 17. Mrs. Riordan was an incredible leader and an advocate in our community who loved out loud. I join her family and loved ones in celebrating her life and her commitment to building strong and loving communities. Through her work at Wells Fargo and her philanthropic efforts, she was able to reflect the positivity of her beaming smile onto every community she touched. Her devotion to serving others made our city a better place and is both her lasting legacy and an example to all of us. Our hearts break for her family and for everyone who had the good fortune of being in her presence. I want to extend my heartfelt condolences to Mrs. Riordan’s husband, Michael, and her two children, Averie and Joshua. I hope that we can all honor Mrs. Riordan’s memory by embodying her personal philosophy: be kind, loving, caring, and sharing. 
NATIONAL PRESCRIPTION DRUG TAKE BACK DAY (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, April 28 is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. This is an opportunity to dispose of those expired or excess drugs that you may have in your home so that they are properly disposed of instead of ending up in a landfill, waterway, or, more importantly, the hands of children or other dangers that could affect people’s health negatively. For information about that, check with the U.S. Department of Justice, the Drug Enforcement Agency, or your local police or pharmacy to look for the information for where you should take your excess, expired prescription drugs so we don’t have a health risk, the endangerment of our children, or risk it ending up in the wrong place in the environment. Again, April 28 is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. Please participate. f 
BURN PITS CAUCUS (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, while serving our country, many of our brave men and women were exposed to large plumes of black smoke and cancer causing toxins from the burning of waste, chemicals, and plastics in burn pits. Now veterans from across the country who have no other risk factors are developing terminal cancer, leaving their families to wonder why, families of heroes like Jenn Kepner’s, a 39year old Air Force veteran who died of pancreatic cancer late last year. That is why today I am proud to announce the bipartisan Congressional Burn Pits Caucus, to help seek answers for our heroes exposed to burn pits. Representative BRAD WENSTRUP and I have started this caucus because bureaucratic red tape at the VA and the DOD is denying our veterans the answers they deserve and the care they need. We can’t afford to wait. I urge every Democratic and Republican alike to join the Congressional Burn Pits Caucus and start fighting for our veterans to get the care they need and deserve. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF PASTOR B.R. DANIELS, JR. (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate Pastor B.R. Daniels, Jr.’s 25th pastoral anniversary at the First Greater New Hope Baptist Church in Fort Worth, Texas. A native of Fort Worth, Pastor Daniels attended Oscar Dean Wyatt High School. After graduating high school, he answered the call of duty and enlisted in the United States Army, where he faithfully served his country for 8 years. Pastor Daniels was honorably discharged in 1992 at the rank of Sergeant E–5. In early 1993, when the First Greater New Hope Baptist Church was in search of a new pastor, Reverend Daniels was called to occupy the pulpit. The congregation knew right away that they had the right man for the job. After 25 years, Pastor Daniels has certainly left his mark not only on the church, but he works closely with so many different groups in the city of Fort Worth and is on different commissions. He does a great job. His passion 
and love for the ministry explain why so many follow his vision of hope. 
QUIETER SKIES (Ms. LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to comment very briefly on the Federal Aviation Reauthorization Act, which provides longterm stability for our Nation’s aviation community and critical investments in U.S. airports. I have many, many issues in my district that this bill, hopefully, will address. Airplane noise is an issue that directly affects my constituents in the East Bay. I have convened meetings with Federal and local stakeholders to come up with a regional solution to airport noise in the bay area. This bill will help us make progress to address noise pollution and ensure that my constituents can live under quiet skies. It would establish a pilot program for the Department of Transportation to give grants of up to $2.5 million to six airports for noise mitigation projects. That is so important. Also, I am pleased to see that the bill includes language that would require the FAA to partner with higher education institutions to assess the health effects of white noise. While these changes may not reduce airplane noise immediately, we are moving in the right direction. I look forward to working with the FAA to ensure my constituents affected by airplane noise are addressed in a timely fashion. This legislation is critical legislation to help support America’s innovation in aviation technology and will ensure quieter skies for all. 
DEA NATIONAL PRESCRIPTION DRUG TAKE BACK DAY (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call attention to National Prescription Drug Take Back Day this Saturday, April 28. While prescription opioids may be a shortterm, safe treatment for extreme pain management, misuse and addiction can become a tragic side effect and are extremely common, unfortunately. Ohio is second in our Nation in opioid overdose deaths per capita. According to the National Survey on Drug Use and Health, 6.4 million Americans abused controlled prescription drugs in 2015. About half of the people over the age of 12 who misused prescription pain relievers obtained the drugs from a friend or relative. Americans of sound mind and body must do more to reduce this number and mitigate misuse by taking action. Please join your fellow citizens in participating in National Prescription Drug Take Back Day this Saturday, April 28. Proper disposal of drugs can save lives. Remember that you can go to a collection site any day of the year to deposit unused or extra pills and prescription drugs. Get rid of them. You can find a collection site near you by visiting takebackday.dea.gov. Do your part to prevent accidental poisoning misuse and overdose today. Your vigilance matters. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ADRIAN MURFITT (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to remember the life of Adrian Murfitt, who went to Las Vegas on October 1 for the Route 91 festival. Adrian had a love for fishing. He would spend months on a commercial fishing boat to catch and sell fish. When it was not fishing season, he would repair appliances, tinker with cars, and spend time with his friends. Adrian was a very hard worker and decided to reward himself for a successful fishing season by traveling to Las Vegas. He loved to listen and sing country music with a voice that friends described as ‘‘beautiful.’’ He enjoyed his two dogs, Laika and Paxson, and always made sure to spend time with them. Adrian had many friends who remember him as being silly and goofy and wanting to make people laugh, no matter what. I would like to extend my condolences to Adrian Murfitt’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
MEDICARE FOR ALL (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my colleague and good friend Representative ELLISON and other members of the Progressive Caucus to say that healthcare should be a right for everyone in the United States of America. I have proudly cosponsored the Medicare for All legislation for many years because I don’t believe a person’s economic status should have any bearing whatsoever on their ability to access quality and affordable healthcare. The Affordable Care Act took us a long way toward that goal, and I am so proud of that vote. I am proud to join all of the Members here who are supporting it and to fight back against attacks from the Republican majority and the White House to dismantle it. But we can’t just play defense. We have to move toward ensuring greater access to coverage, greater affordability, stronger consumer protections, and higher quality healthcare services. That is why this bill is so important, and I think its time has come. What Medicare for All would provide is universal coverage for everyone. This is something we should be taking up right now. I am proud to join my colleagues who are supporting it. f 
b1815 RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF TIQUE LEE CAUL (Mr. DESAULNIER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and service of a longtime Antioch, California, resident and friend, Ms. Tique Lee Caul. Tique was a single mother, worked fulltime, attended classes at Laney College, and served as a volunteer with Habitat for Humanity. She was a trailblazer and a woman who wore many hats. She also sat on multiple boards, including Toastmasters and Black Women Organized for Political Action. She was a true stalwart of our community, active with volunteers in many efforts. She enjoyed supporting others in their personal transformation and goal attainment. A mother of five beautiful children, a successful realtor, Tique was a shining light until the very end. She will be sincerely missed by her family, friends, everyone who knew her, and our community. 
BETTER DEAL VERSUS RAW DEAL (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, almost 2 years ago, Presidential candidate Donald Trump said: ‘‘We are going to win so much, you are going to get tired of winning.’’ It has been 16 months since Republicans took control of the White House and Congress, and the only people who are winning are the wealthy and well connected. The rest of America is getting a raw deal. The Republicans have failed to make healthcare more affordable. They have failed to invest in rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure. They failed to lower the cost of living for working families, and they failed to drain the swamp. The rigged system that they promised to tear down is now bigger and stronger than ever before. The wealthy and well connected are making out like bandits while working people are asked to sacrifice more and more each day. It doesn’t have to be this way. Democrats are offering a better deal: a better deal to deliver better jobs, better wages for a better future; a better deal to raise incomes, lower the cost of living, and make sure the economy works for all Americans, not just those at the very top. Let’s give the American people a better deal than the raw deal they are getting from the Republicans. 
MEDICARE FOR ALL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, today we are going to talk about Medicare for All, the importance of making sure that every American, regardless of income, can get the healthcare that they need. That will be our topic over the course of the next hour. So I would like to invite to the podium to kick off our discussion the gentleman from California, Mr. RO KHANNA , a distinguished gentleman from the great State of California who has been a leader on economic justice, and justice in general. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. KHANNA ). Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Minnesota for his leadership on so many issues, particularly on healthcare and the fight for Medicare for all. I rise today to share a heartbreaking story so we understand what is at stake in this fight. Sarah Fay Broughton was a young woman in San Jose, California. Sarah was going to work with special needs kids. At the age of 20, she came down with a simple sinus infection. Such a condition is usually managed by a primary care physician and an ordinary specialist. However, Sarah did not receive treatment because she could not afford health insurance. Six months before she fell ill, Sarah applied for MediCal, California’s Medicaid system, but her paperwork kept getting lost. The county was so overwhelmed that her family went through three different caseworkers trying to get medical coverage, but each time they were told to start over. Like more than 28 million Americans without any healthcare, for Sarah, getting sick meant facing crippling medical bills and harassment by debt collectors. So she ignored the pain, only going to the emergency room when it became too much to bear. By that point, the simple sinus infection had grown powerful, spreading to her brain, swelling it, and causing irreversible damage. It was simply too late. On the day Sarah passed away, her family received a letter saying that her MediCal coverage had been approved. She was doing everything right, but the system failed her. Her life was cut short because the wealthiest country in the world has not yet prioritized healthcare. The question is: Should a young woman who is 20 years old die of a simple sinus infection in the United States of America? If we care about the lives of people like Sarah, if we believe that healthcare is a basic right, then it is long past time to have Medicare for All. Every American should be guaranteed decent, basic healthcare from the day they are born. This is not a political issue. This is a moral issue. It is an issue of human decency. It is an issue to make sure we don’t have people who have simple conditions like Sarah be denied the care they deserve. That is why I am so proud of my colleague KEITH ELLISON for leading the call for Medicare for All. I am proud to serve on the task force and encourage my colleagues to join him, PETER  WELCH , and other voices in bringing to this country Medicare for All. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman again for his comments. We can talk about statistics. We can talk about the way the program is going to work. We can talk about all these things. But there is nothing that can replace the precious life of the young woman whom you talked about. She had people who loved her. She had people who knew her. She had everything to look forward to. She just needed her society, her community, to step forward for her and to help her. And because we don’t have the kind of healthcare system we could have, we weren’t there for her. But in her memory, we have to be able to make it right for the young people and the people who are still with us. In her memory, we will fight for Medicare for All. I thank the gentleman. Would the gentleman like to make any final comments? Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman saying that. I had a conversation with her mother and with the community, and people just feel: what a tragic loss. So, if there are things we can do here under your leadership and as elected Representatives, I hope we will—and we will—take seriously the consequence of the failure in our healthcare policy. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I would like to invite to share a few remarks the gentleman from the great State of Vermont. As you can see from the course of this debate, Mr. Speaker, we have tremendous geographic diversity: California, Vermont. But we have one thing in common: we need a healthcare system that works for everybody. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ), my good friend. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman very much for yielding. We have the wealthiest country in the world, we have the healthcare system that is the most expensive in the world, and we have more costs and more people not covered than is at all necessary. The fact is, we have had as a goal in this country, since the Presidency of Harry Truman, a goal that all our citizens be covered and have access to healthcare. And that dream made a solid step forward when Lyndon Baines Johnson was the President and Congress, on a bipartisan basis, passed Medicare, which provided healthcare protection for all Americans 65 and older and provided Medicaid for lowincome children and families. We made a second step forward, unfortunately not on a bipartisan basis, with the passage during the Obama administration of the Affordable Care Act. That extended coverage to millions of Americans who otherwise never would have had access to care. It also made some significant improvements in how we deliver care. We are continuing with that battle. Those are two solid steps forward. Medicare and Medicaid passed in the Johnson administration and the Affordable Care Act during the Obama administration. Yet we are still spending the most on healthcare with outcomes that are not the best and, in fact, in many cases, are not even in the top ten. So we are spending the most and getting the least. The program for healthcare that has the most popularity in this country among Republicans, among Democrats, and among Independents is Medicare. The reason: all of us pay into the Medicare fund, and then when we are eligible at 65, we are all covered. It is simple. It is not a governmentrun program. It is financed by taxpayers, and taxpayers are the beneficiaries of that program itself. It makes sense. It has the confidence of the American people. It also puts us in a position to try to control costs, not at the expense of throwing 24 million people off of the healthcare rolls, which is what would have happened had the repeal of the Affordable Care Act been passed; but by bringing down, for instance, the cost of prescription drugs, where something that was costing $7.50 suddenly cost $1,500 per pill because the owner bought up a company and then had a monopoly power and stuck it to the consumers. I believe we should strive to get Medicare for every single citizen in this country. Would there be hard questions that we have to address? Sure. There are. But what we have now with this fractured system is young girls who, because they don’t have access to healthcare, because the bureaucracy takes so much time to see if she is eligible for Medicaid, or MediCal in the case of this young girl, they don’t get access to care, and the tragedy of that situation is that this young woman lost her life. Had there been healthcare where the parents weren’t terrified about what that bill would be, about how they might have to take out a second mortgage, about how they would be bearing the burden of escaping the clutches of bill collectors, that person would have been able to get to a doctor in time to get limited care that would have taken care of what, at that point, was a very limited challenge. So I thank my colleague (Mr. ELLISON) for convening this here tonight. And the goal that I believe we should have in this country is to have a healthcare system where everybody is covered and everybody helps pay for that system and is about affordable, quality care where the emphasis is on the patient and on the taxpayer. By the way, this is not about making government run the healthcare. That is 
the important thing to remember. If you are on Medicare or Medicaid or ObamaCare, you get to pick your doctor, you get to pick your hospital. This is about having the security of a system that works for you regardless of your income, regardless of your job status, regardless of your medical situation. It works in all the other industrialized countries of the world; it can work here. By the way, the cost is starting to kill us. If we don’t start dealing with the cost of healthcare, it doesn’t matter whether it is the taxpayer who is footing the bill, the employer who is footing the bill on behalf of his or her employees, or the individual trying to reach into his or her pocket to pay. We have got to bring these costs down, and an organized system without a broken market, I think, is the way to go. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. ELLISON  very much, and I applaud him for his work. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, let me thank my colleague from Vermont for his comments. And if I can ask him a quick question. If we are already paying the most in the world per capita, why aren’t we getting the best healthcare outcomes? Mr. WELCH. That is really a good question. But that example about that pill going from costing $7.50 to $1,500 means that the owner of that pill—and Martin Shkreli is the guy who did it; he is now in jail—was able to corner the market and then just make people who absolutely have to have that medication pay through the nose, and more than they can afford. That is an example. We have all of these stops along the way where private profit is the motive. The market is about profit; it is not about having a system that is going to work and be affordable. I think that is a big reason. Mr. ELLISON. That is a big reason. I want to thank the gentleman for his work. Let’s keep working on this. Mr. Speaker, we are talking about Medicare for All tonight, H.R. 676. Mr. John Conyers carried the bill all these years, and I’d like to thank him. But we are carrying the fight forward. It is important to note from the onset that I recognize, the Progressive Caucus recognizes, the Affordable Care Act made important steps, critical steps, for getting more people covered, and we must continue to fight for it. We have to protect the Affordable Care Act. We have to do what we can to defend it. There are people in our Congress who want to just get rid of it. But the truth is, it actually helped many people. It helped bring coverage to people who hadn’t had it. It helped bring real answers for families that needed it. But we can look further down the line. We can think about a system in which everybody pays and everybody benefits. We could look forward to a system like that. We can look to a Medicare for Allstyled system where we can say healthcare is a right for everybody. This is not something that should surprise anyone. Education is guaranteed for everyone. Every schoolkid in America can go to a public school in the United States. b1830 Fire services—you don’t have to pay a separate contract to get the fire department to put out your fire. If you live in the city and there is a fire, you can call them, and they will help you. They are paid out of the taxes that we all pay. The police department, public works—we have systems in our society now that we pay for through our taxes and other sorts of things that we do to afford these services. Healthcare, I believe, is a service that we should look at in a similar light. A Medicare for All system would decrease overall cost of healthcare for a multitude of reasons, but most importantly, because it would allow the government to negotiate decreases in the cost of care with service providers. I think that my good friend, PETER  WELCH , had an excellent example when it came to prescription drugs. There is a company called CorePharma that hiked the price of a DARAPRIM pill from $1 to $13.50 and watched revenues climb. In 2015, CorePharma sold the rights to DARAPRIM to Turing, which raised the price to $750. So in a system like that, of course, whatever somebody can make more money doing, they are going to do. And yet, we don’t have any real controls to make sure that they don’t do it. It is the kind of thing that we have to step forward and address. In 2012, for example, the average cost of coronary bypass surgery was more that $73,000 in the United States, but it was less than $23,000 in France. France has good healthcare. The world doesn’t deny that—$73,000 for a coronary bypass surgery in the United States; $23,000 in France. A Medicare for All singlepayer system would lower administrative costs and nearly eliminate spending for competitive advertising, which doesn’t really bring health to anyone. The U.S. spends about 18 percent of its GDP on healthcare, while Canada spends about 11
1⁄2percent on healthcare. The United Kingdom, Britain, England, Scotland, Ireland, Wales, the U.K. spends about 9 percent of its GDP on healthcare. Germany and France spend about 11 percent. We spend substantially more, and yet, we do not have the best outcomes in the world. We have to look at this system and whether it is working for the American people. I just make this point because we really could join the rest of the world and have more affordable, more effective healthcare. It is not only countries like Germany, France, and Canada that spend less and get better outcomes than the United States. It is also New Zealand, Norway, Denmark, Sweden, all have systems that are similar in style, and they cover more people and the people benefit from that. Our systems like Medicaid and Medicare are some of the most popular systems out there. People tend to like it. Now, I am not saying they are trouble free, but anybody who thinks there is some program made by human beings that is going to be absolutely perfect all the time, of course, they are going to be wrong. But I guarantee you, I spent plenty of time in Montreal, Canada, Calgary, and I tell you, for all the Americans down south of the border who complain about Canadian healthcare, Canadians kind of like their healthcare. They don’t want to switch with us; neither do the people in England. We need A Better Deal, and we can have one if we were to move forward. Taiwan has a healthcare system that also is similar to Canada, New Zealand, Norway, and Denmark. We can do better than we are doing right now, and we should. As I mentioned before, Medicaid and Medicare are popular. These are programs where people get the benefit of a healthcare system that is a system that we benefit from as a government of, by, and for the people, and millions of our constituents, from birth until death, benefit, and they support people with disabilities, having children, pregnant women, and seniors. They are wildly popular, and they actually have pretty low administrative costs and essential to the stability of our country. It also makes sense that Americans must also support Medicare for All singlepayer. Both a HarvardHarris poll from 2007 and a 2018 Kaiser Family Foundation poll found that the majority of Americans support a singlepayer healthcare system funded by the government. Yet some folks in this body want to actually cut Medicaid. They want to cut—they want to drain funds from the Medicare trust fund. The fact is Americans all over this country, they think that many of our programs, whether it be the VA or Medicare or Medicaid, actually help a lot of people. These programs are popular, and yet, we continue to have to fight to protect them every day. What if we just move forward instead so that more people can benefit from a program like a Medicarestyle program? An expanded Medicare for All will create millions of good jobs. It is a program that would bring more people in; therefore, we need more healthcare professionals to cover folks, more nurses, more doctors, more nurse anesthetists, more folks to keep folks healthy, even more exercise professionals, because we know that in a good, solid, singlepayer system, we would put an emphasis on preventative care and try to make sure people stay well, stay healthy. Let me just say that cost savings for individuals is an important factor here. Medicare fraud isn’t just a fringe idea that will help very few people. Medicare for All is good for business and 
good for people. A singlepayer system would lift the significant financial burden from businesses that currently fund the healthcare insurance for their employees and would largely eliminate the financial burden of illness, a leading cause of bankruptcy, and debt sent into collection. Even with the Affordable Care Act, which substantially helped 28 million people, or about 9 percent of the Nation, still remain uninsured. I am grateful for the Affordable Care Act. It made substantial advances, but we still can do better. A singlepayer system is not just about ensuring that no person is uninsured. It is also about making sure that nobody is underinsured. Many people are underinsured. They face costs associated with their insurance that they just can’t afford to handle, and that is also a substantial problem. Underinsured individuals are less likely to obtain healthcare when they need it. They skip doctor visits, they avoid filling prescriptions, and they are more likely to end up in medical debt. We can have a system that can help us avoid these problems. Medical debt is one of the leading causes of personal bankruptcy in the United States. If we were to set up a system that was focused more on health and wellness where we all could pay and then we can all benefit, it would make our society stronger, better financially and physically. Now, Medicare for All would actually help reduce income inequality. One of the problems of the society we live in now is that we have really historic record inequality. The rich and the top 1 percent are far more wealthy relative to the rest of their countrymen and women than has been the case since the Great Depression, since the Guilded Age. You probably have to go back to the time when the Great Gatsby was written to actually see the level of inequality that we see today and marks the society that we live in. In a time when we are facing these record levels of inequality, a single payer system can also help level the playing field and help working people make a better go at this economy. Medicare for All would make sure that everyone would have the same access and level of care, regardless of their income, their job, or the community that they live in. A Medicare for All system would mean that people would be able to cover their medications, cover their bills. It would mean that they would be able to get what they need. And if you compare this, what if we had a system—what if we did healthcare the way we do education, that you have to have a private—it is a private system and you couldn’t go unless you could pay? The bottom line is that what we would end up with is a system that would be very unequal, educationally speaking. It would undermine our productivity. It would weaken our society. If we were to have a Medicare for All system that would help make sure that everybody had a basic health benefit, and it didn’t matter whether you had a job at the moment or not, didn’t matter whether you—where you lived, then it would provide a platform for economic prosperity in the marketplace where people would work. This would also make our society more equal when it comes to opportunity for people of color and racial minorities. Black and Hispanic Americans are more likely to be uninsured than others. The studies show a direct link between being uninsured and a higher mortality rate. By the way, when people have died with a higher mortality rate, they don’t just die. Often, they end up in the ER, which is one of the most expensive places to treat somebody. But what if they actually had the treatment that they needed, they had a regular doctor, they had the treatments they needed, they had ways to keep themselves healthy? African Americans and indigenous people tend to have lower life expectancies than White Americans, experiencing higher rates in most major causes of death: infant mortality, trauma, heart disease, and diabetes. Much of this is just related to the fact that healthcare access is not evenly distributed, and, therefore, the disproportionate impact is on people with the lower income. Rates of unemployment are higher among AfricanAmerican men and women than their nonHispanic White counterparts, and job loss is more prevalent among minority groups. Getting employerbased coverage is not easy if you work a few parttime jobs you have to piece together rather than a solid fulltime job. So what do people do when that happens? You go without healthcare or you have gaps in your healthcare coverage, especially if you live in a State where things like expanding Medicaid are not preferred. If you are a Governor and your State legislature doesn’t want to expand Medicaid, then the chances that you are going to experience these gaps in coverage and be uninsured are higher, and consequently, people’s health outcomes are worse. The U.S. healthcare system is ranked, when we look at it, among the worst among countries with advanced economies, despite the fact that we are among the ones that spend the most on healthcare. If we want to have more equality based on people’s different racial backgrounds, if we want more opportunity for all, regardless of their race but based on income, and we want to make sure that this is a country where a middle class person, a working class person can do better, then the fact stands true that we have got to move to a Medicare for All style system. Now, Medicare for All style system and drug pricing—very important topic to take up. We are one of the only countries in the world that doesn’t in some way regulate the cost of prescription drugs. We talked a little bit about this before, using the examples of DARAPRIM, but it just seems to me that if we were to move to a system, a Medicare for All style system, an expanded better system, we could find ourselves in a situation where Americans could actually start affording their drugs. While prescription drugs are not covered by Canada’s system, there are price controls for medications, so prescription drugs are often cheaper than they are in the U.S. We have a drug pricing crisis in this country. American people know it. They live it every day. The worried parent struggling to pay their kid’s insulin, a senior living on a fixed income who takes arthritis medication, and millions of working people who have to take medication at some point or another in their life, they know that we have a system that is uncontrolled and out of control. In a recent Kaiser Family Foundation poll, over 50 percent of the people said that addressing this medication crisis would be one—should be one of the President’s and Congress’ top priorities. This should come as no surprise to us. A majority of Americans are using prescription medication. For too many folks, people have to choose between paying their bills and getting the medicine that their family needs. In fact, 92 percent of Americans support the Federal Government negotiating lower drug prices for folks on Medicare part D. Medicare part D is a very unfortunate program where it is written into the law that we cannot negotiate drug prices. This is an outrageous thing, and for people dedicated to freemarket principles, the fact that you couldn’t negotiate a price seems extremely ironic to me. It seems more like crony capitalism than free market. Eightysix percent of Americans support requiring drug companies to release information on how they make their drug prices. I think, while that is certainly something that we should know, it is not particularly difficult to figure out. They price based on as much as they can get. And 78 percent of surveyed Americans support lifting what drug corporations can charge for drugs for illnesses like cancer. b1845 We must continue to fight to protect the ACA and fight for Medicare for All as a solution. We should, and we could, begin to tackle so many of our Nation’s problems if we had a shot at good health and stable healthcare. There is proof from our fellow wealthy nations that you can have a free market economy and you can have a national health insurance program that works. They are doing it in Canada; they are doing it in the UK; they are doing it in New Zealand; they are doing it in Taiwan; they are doing it in Norway, Denmark, and Sweden; and they are doing it all over the world. There is no reason why we can’t do it 
here, other than some people want to benefit while other people actually suffer. There is an important debate going on in our country. There is an important conversation that we are having in communities all over. I hope that all across the United States, in church basements, synagogue basements, mosques, Quaker meeting rooms, VFW halls and union halls, in lodges and coffee shops all across America, wherever people gather, folks will get together and discuss our healthcare future as Americans. There is a better way, and I think that it is right in front of us. I was speaking about this issue with somebody who told me: Well, Keith, I mean, look, how are we going to pay for this? I thought that was an interesting question, given that we just passed a Republican tax bill that carved about $1.5 trillion out of Federal revenue over the next 10 years. Some people have estimated it is even higher than that. Nobody was particularly worried about how we are going to pay for that. But the question is still a legitimate question. We do have to pay for things. I think that, if we look at the fact that about twothirds of all the healthcare spending now is public spending, we are twothirds of the way there now. We need to figure out how we are going to come up with the rest. People will see the healthcare expenditures that they are already making be able to be part of how we will pay this. But the other part is a legitimate question. I think that we can set out a system of a payroll tax or, perhaps, a tax on Wall Street trades. There are a number of things that we can do. And we also can squeeze costs out of the system. We know that simply because you have got multiple insurance companies, multiple payers, that there is rampant waste in the system; and if we were to squeeze it out and we get efficiencies, we would be able to lower costs in the system. If we could control costs better, we would be able to have a worldclass system, as other countries have, with excellent health outcomes and be able to still pay for it. It is not beyond our reach. I can tell you that it has often been said that singlepayer systems have long waiting lines. Well, not according to the data. One grant from the Commonwealth Fund looks at what percent of adults can get a sameday doctor’s appointment when they are sick, counting systems like Canada, the United Kingdom, and the rest. And the fact is that in New Zealand, Germany, Australia, and the United Kingdom, people can get sameday doctor visits at a higher rate than in the United States. It is not the case that you have to have these long lines and you have to wait so long in every system. Of course, the U.S. system will be an American system. We will design it for our own purposes. But it simply is not true that a singlepayer system will have longer waiting lines. It is just not the case. People will say this, but it is not true. The fact is that we need to have the debate. We need to have the discussion. We need businesses to say: Well, what would it mean to me if I didn’t have to pay health insurance out of my business expenses? Individuals have to ask: What would it mean if they never had to pay for copays, deductibles, things like that, if they could get eyes, ears, other types of coverages that they need, what would it mean if these things were possible? How would it impact our economy? Would it free people and allow them to be more creative and more innovative? We have seen our country see a decline in small business development first in startups. Is this in part because people are locked into debt in jobs just so they can have insurance? I think there is certainly a possibility there. At the end of the day, we have got to have a dialogue about how we can better serve the American people. Other countries around the world are doing it, and it is time for us to move forward in that direction, too. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF FIRST LADY BARBARA PIERCE BUSH The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CULBERSON ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members participating tonight may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege tonight to pay tribute to the life of a great Texan and a great American: Barbara Pierce Bush. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ), my colleague. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank the gentleman for calling this Special Order hour to honor the life and legacy of his constituent, Barbara Pierce Bush, whom we lost last week. I am certainly proud to stand with my colleague from Texas to honor the life and the legacy of our former First Lady Barbara Bush. From Rye, New York, to west Texas, to the West Wing, Mrs. Bush served her family and her country with integrity, strength, and grace. She, indeed, was a member of the Greatest Generation and spent her life in service to others. It is incredible to reflect. She was only the second woman in our Nation’s history to be both the wife and the mother of a United States President. Mrs. Bush joined Abigail Adams in an exclusive club of those who have advised our Nation’s Chief Executives long before they reached the Oval Office. In her capacity as First Lady, Mrs. Bush used her influence to enact positive change. Although her name was never on a ballot, the American people chose Mrs. Bush as a leader and as a role model. Just yesterday, the Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee marked up more than 50 bills that offer solutions to what is currently a significant crisis in our country dealing with deaths caused by opioids, a devastating epidemic that has touched literally every neighborhood in our Nation. Combating this crisis requires not only legislation, but compassion and understanding. But years ago, in her work to help the most vulnerable, Mrs. Bush epitomized such compassion. I actually mentioned this at the start of yesterday’s markup in committee. A significant part of Mrs. Bush’s legacy will always be her simple embrace of a child with HIV/AIDS at a clinic at a time when the illness was not well understood and, I dare say, the illness was feared by most people in the country. This simple act, this simple embrace, to reach out and pick up a child at an HIV/AIDS clinic, helped to destigmatize HIV/AIDS in American culture. It was a seemingly small, but a powerful, gesture in 1989. Then Mrs. Bush paved the way for acceptance of patients with HIV/AIDS, their families, and they were moved out of the shadows and could begin to look at treatment options. The world is vastly different today for the patient with HIV/AIDS because of that simple act of compassion evidenced by Mrs. Bush. As Congress now considers how best to end the opioid crisis and other human dignity issues before us, I hope we can remember and follow Mrs. Bush’s unwavering dedication to always do what is right. I am certainly proud to join my fellow Texan from Houston honoring his constituent tonight and expressing our condolences to former President George H.W. Bush and the rest of the Bush family and celebrating the wonderful life of former First Lady Barbara Pierce Bush. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for those remarks. Barbara Bush and George H.W. Bush do exemplify all of the greatest character traits that made the Greatest Generation what it is and made this country what it is. It has been a privilege to represent the Bush family and to succeed George H.W. Bush in Congress, who was followed by Bill Archer. 
I succeeded Bill Archer. He was chairman of the Ways and Means Committee. He succeeded George H.W. Bush. The Bush family is revered nationwide and admired and revered by all of us in Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be joined tonight by my colleague from Dallas. I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) to honor the life of Barbara Bush. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I want to express my appreciation for the leadership of Representative CULBERSON in setting this special time to give recognition to Mrs. Bush. We honor the life and legacy of First Lady Barbara Pierce Bush, a great Texan and a great First Lady, a remarkable woman. For her 92 years on this Earth until her taking her last breath on April 17, she demonstrated constant examples of radiant elegance, abundant courage, and brilliant intellect. When the news of her death was announced, people from every political party, religious faith, background, color, and creed mourned her with the Bush family. She transcended the differences that are all too often exploited and gave us a living example of goodness that can bring people together as human beings. During times of trouble in the administration of both her husband and her son in Washington, she remained a beacon of hope, standing firm against the most horrific of storms. Even those who violently disagreed with the policies of both Presidents found comfort in the wisdom and compassion of Mrs. Bush. I always admired Mrs. Bush’s charisma, her true patriotism, and the leadership she demonstrated in advocating for stronger literacy programs. As our Nation’s First Lady, Mrs. Bush made sure our young people were better off through her commitment to charitable causes and passion for service. She was a strong advocate for both civil and women’s rights and policies during her husband’s administration, which spoke volumes to her character and the legacy she leaves behind. Four living Presidents, including her husband and her son, paid homage to Barbara Bush at the memorial service celebrating her life and legacy. Nearly 1,500 friends and admirers came to be with the Bush family and to say good bye to a woman who had befriended many of them. Hours after the internationally televised service concluded, she was laid to rest in a grave located on the grounds of the George Bush Presidential Library and Museum in College Station. She was buried next to her daughter, Robin, who passed away from cancer when she was just 3 years old. We all have been blessed to bear witness to a truly exceptional woman who embodied what she believed: those who have been blessed with abundance have a responsibility to assist those who were not as fortunate. There are many whose lives were enhanced by the service, graciousness, and the love that First Lady Barbara Bush carried in her heart and soul. Mrs. Bush took pride in her family and taught them to love and serve others. I hope her family can take solace in knowing that she is in a better place watching over them. All of us will miss Barbara Bush. Her truthfulness, her fairness, her elegance, and her passion. The Nation and the world is a better place because she lived amongst us, giving all that she could without malice or animosity. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, my colleague is right. All of America is better because Barbara Bush has lived. All of us are better people for having known and admired Barbara Bush. She has been a source of inspiration to me, as I know she has been to my colleague from Dallas and the millions of Americans. People from all over the world poured into Houston to celebrate her life and to pay tribute to her as she lay in repose at St. Martin’s Episcopal Church, people from all walks of life. b1900 As my colleague, Dr. BURGESS , said, she, in a very simple gesture, with a patient who was ill with HIV, broke down the stigma that people felt, the fear people felt that HIV might be contagious. Barbara Bush just acted instinctively, as she always did, with courage and compassion, in hugging that young man that was ill and demonstrating to the world that no one needed to fear people who were ill with HIV. And now that disease has been contained and rolled back. It is a treatable condition. She devoted her life to, as my colleague from Dallas said, helping those who were less fortunate. Barbara Bush was born in 1925, June 8, in New York City. And as my colleague, Dr. BURGESS said, she was one of only two women in American history who was both a wife and a mother to a United States President. She was the wife of the 41st President, George H.W. Bush; and mother to the 43rd President, George W. Bush. Barbara was only 18 years old when she married George Herbert Walker Bush in 1945. They had six children together over the course of their marriage. As First Lady, she is best remembered for her untiring advocacy for universal literacy, and she founded the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy. She first met George at a Christmas dance in Connecticut in 1941 when she was 16 and he was 17. George Bush asked a friend if he knew Barbara, and the two were officially introduced, but when the waltz began to play, they sat out the dance, because he did not know how to waltz. So they just spent their time getting to know each other. As they spent more and more time together and fell in love, shortly after George’s 18th birthday, they both became each other’s first kiss. Their engagement was officially announced in the newspaper in December of 1943. George was on leave during Christmas as a Navy pilot, and they were reunited over that Christmas in 1943. Two weeks later, on January 6, 1945, George and Barbara were married. Barbara Bush told Time magazine in 1989 that: ‘‘I married the first man I ever kissed, and when I tell this to my children, they just about throw up.’’ While George was away at war, the two wrote letters to each other as their only means of communication. They were deeply and passionately in love, and she kept her sense of humor right to the very end. In a letter to Barbara, George wrote, during the course of the war, he said: ‘‘I have climbed perhaps the highest mountain in the world, but even that cannot hold a candle to being Barbara’s husband.’’ In another letter dated December 12, 1943, George wrote to his darling Bar about his happiness in reading their engagement announcement in the newspaper: ‘‘I love you, Precious, with all my heart. And to know that you love me means my life. How often I have thought about the immeasurable joy that will be ours some day, how lucky our children will be to have a mother like you.’’ This letter was released shortly after her passing. She was an extraordinary woman, an inspiration to all of us. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ). I am honored to be joined tonight by my colleague from the 22nd District of Texas. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my dear friend from Texas Seventh, JOHN CULBERSON , for hosting this Special Order. And that is a special word, ‘‘Special Order,’’ because this is a very special lady, Barbara Bush. Her husband, George H.W. Bush, and Barbara Bush were not native Texans, but they got there as fast as they could. The President embraced Texas right off the bat. He became involved in the oil and gas industry, black gold, Texas tea in those days. His wife, Barbara, became the epitome of a Texas woman, a straight shooter, what you see is what you get; black, white, no gray; family, family, family; love, love, love. I will share two stories about her and her husband that show how much they loved life and what a great sense of humor they both had. First of all, in 2000, their oldest son, George W. Bush, was elected to become our 43rd President. Only two families in our country’s history had a woman who had a husband and a son elected to the White House: the Adams family and the Bush family. Remember all this controversy, hanging chads, Florida, Florida, Florida. They persevered, and George Bush was elected our President. Naturally, the reporters were excited. They approached our First Lady and said: 
‘‘Mrs. Bush, in your heart of hearts, your wildest dreams, did you think one of your sons could become our President, hold the same office that your husband had for 4 years?’’ Barbara, being straighttalking Barbara, said, and I am paraphrasing: Yes, sir. My boys watched their dad achieve the highest office in the world. They knew what it took. It took determination, focus, friends, faith. My sons saw that in their father. They knew what it would take, and so, yes, I thought one of my sons could become our President.’’ Of course, then she gave the coup de grace, the classic Barbara Bush. She said: ‘‘I have to be honest with you, though. I thought it would be my smart son,’’ meaning Jeb Bush, not George W. That comment was done out of true love, and that is what Barbara Bush was all about. One other story about the President and their family. President Bush, as he got older, loved to skydive, Bush 41. When he turned 90, he skydived in Kennebunkport. He had pretty bad Parkinson’s. He couldn’t walk. When he landed, he kind of fell over and did what is called a faceplant. Friends up there told me that Barbara was on our President for days before the jump saying: ‘‘Do not do this. You are 90 years old. Don’t jump out of a plane.’’ But President Bush had said, when he turned 85, he would do it when he was 90. He kept his word. You see the video. Barbara came down there, hugged him, kissed him, picked him up, loved him. Back at the house, it wasn’t quite the same. Apparently, she said over and over: ‘‘You old man. I told you not to jump out of a plane. Look at your face. Your face is all cut up. Never ever do this again. It won’t happen.’’ Of course, the President smiled and said, ‘‘I love you,’’ and then moved on. The next story about their love, their true love, came from their photographer back home in Houston, Texas. This man has been with the family for at least 40 years. The Bushes come in there every year for a big camera shoot. The photographer said: ‘‘It is getting kind of tough. The President has bad Parkinson’s. He can no longer stand. That means for these shots, I have to have him sit in his wheelchair.’’ And he hates that chair. If that chair pops up in a picture, he tears the picture apart. So how does he deal with that fact of our President’s attitude with his wheelchair? He turns to the First Lady, who is 90 years old, and works her hard. They have to have the same height differential. He is about 6 feet tall, she is somewhere around 5–7, 5–8. He is above her. So in the shots with him in that chair, she has to be below him. It means she is squatting down. She is 91 years old and squatting down for a picture, in picture after picture. The photographer told me, ‘‘I moved her up to the left, had her squat down, to the right, back, left, over and over and over,’’ a true workout for any human being, but especially a woman who is 90 years old. And then he started laughing and said, ‘‘Our President and his wife are still in love.’’ How did he know that? At least 10 times during the course of that shoot, as our First Lady walked in front of our President, she would stop and say, ‘‘Stop that, George. Stop that. Stop that, George.’’ We all know what President Bush was doing with his beloved wife: He was saying ‘‘I love you’’ in the way that only Naval aviators can say. That love resulted in a marriage for 73 years. And while Barbara left us last week, that love is still going strong. Barbara Bush, President George H.W. Bush, and the entire Bush family, on behalf of the 850,000 Texans I work for in Texas 22, thank you, thank you, thank you for your example, your life, your patriotism, your love, and your family. The world is a better place because of Barbara Bush. God bless her. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. CULBERSON. America is a far better place because Barbara Bush lived. She has been an inspiration to all of us. George H.W. Bush has been a leader in Texas. He started out his career as the Harris County Republican Party chairman and was elected to Congress in 1966, and a new district was created on the west side, the Seventh District. When George Bush came into this House Chamber, he was assigned to the Ways and Means Committee. He served on the Ways and Means Committee for two terms. Then he ran for the United States Senate in 1970, and he ran against Lloyd Benson in that race, and then he moved on to become the United Nations Ambassador. Then George Bush’s successor in Congress, Bill Archer, who was elected in 1970, went on to become chairman of the Ways and Means Committee. Chairman Archer served there from 1970 to 2001, when it was my privilege to succeed Bill Archer. And I joined the Appropriations Committee. Right now, I chair a subcommittee. The United States is very, very fortunate in that another Texan has stepped up to serve as chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, Congressman KEVIN BRADY , who joins us here tonight. He represents the Woodlands and the Eighth Congressional District. As chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, he just successfully passed the largest tax cut in American history, which is already doing remarkable things to rejuvenate the American economy and to restore immense prosperity to this Nation coast to coast, something that I know George and Barbara Bush are immensely proud of. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ). We are honored to have him join us tonight in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman CULBERSON not just for his leadership of this special tribute to Barbara Bush, but for keeping the legacy of President Bush and the Bush family alive in the eastern region in the district that he represented. Mr. CULBERSON has now worked his way up into such a key position for our region, our State, and our country, advancing space in such a major way for the world, in my view, and then leading the effort for Hurricane Harvey relief, a record $146 billion for Hurricanes Harvey, Maria, Irma, and some of the wildfires in California, all of which are the largest amount of disaster recovery and really the first prevention funds to help rebuild the levees and the dams, and all that can prevent these floods. I thank the gentleman for his leadership in that. b1915 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Barbara Bush. Our country mourns the loss of a truly incomparable First Lady. For many of us, Barbara Pierce Bush is the original ‘‘thousand points of light’’ by her urging, her applauding, and, at times, insisting that we should all live up to higher standards when it comes to family, honor, and duty. Barbara Bush deserves to be honored because of her dedication to making our world a better place, specifically, through her work as an advocate for adult and child literacy. The Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy, the leading advocate for family literacy in America, will continue her great work to give children and parents the skills they need for a brighter future. I had the honor of representing Texas A&M at College Station when the George H.W. Bush Presidential Library was dedicated. It is a remarkable library in so many ways, as is President Bush and the First Lady. But it was, to me, remarkable how much time and access the President and Barbara Bush gave to the young people of College Station and the region, bringing in leaders from around the country and the world; having deep discussions about freedom, about faith, about family, about leadership and service, all the things that made the Bush family so special. One time, early on a Saturday morning, I was driving up to College Station to interview our applicants for West Point and the Naval Academy and the Air Force and Merchant Marine. We were doing it at the Corps of Cadets Center at Texas A&M. It was really early on a Saturday morning. So we were on 290, and I am not really paying attention. I look up and I see this bluish green car just up ahead of me, and I notice the license plate says: ‘‘Read 1.’’ I thought, Read 1; that is amazing. 
So as we drive past her—I may have been pushing the speed limit a bit—I noticed that famous white hair, and it was Mrs. Bush driving up to the library on a Saturday morning for some work or the other, probably focused on family literacy. The Bush family is simply adored in Texas, and especially in the Houston region, for so many reasons. I had a chance, as Congressman CULBERSON talked about, to be able to follow on the Ways and Means Committee, the seat that President Bush once held, that Chairman Archer once held, and now that I have the privilege to hold. So I always feel like I have a duty to uphold his standards, his legacy, his commitment to honor and duty on our committee as well. When I won the seat on the Ways and Means Committee, President Bush reached out to say: Congratulations. Come down and visit. Then, when I was fortunate enough to succeed now Speaker PAULRYANto chair the committee, his office called again and said: Come down. The President wants to visit about Ways and Means issues. So I got a chance to visit with Mrs. Bush and the President, my good friend Chase Untermeyer, and others. We talked about tax reform and trade issues and Social Security and Medicare. Mrs. Bush was in the thick of things in those discussions, and that is my last memory of being able to visit with her in person. Anyone who didn’t leave a conversation with her better than when you started probably wasn’t paying attention to the conversation. So we are blessed. It is a remarkable legacy she leaves for her family, for Texas, for the United States and, really, for the whole world. So, surely, Heaven rejoiced as Mrs. Bush joined her Saviour, pearls and all. Thank you, Mr. Speaker, for blessing us with such a remarkable woman with a remarkable life and a remarkable family. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a resolution honoring the life of First Lady Barbara Bush. 
RESOLUTION  Honoring the life of First Lady Barbara Bush Whereas Barbara Pierce was born on June 8, 1925, in New York City; Whereas Barbara Pierce became engaged to George Herbert Walker Bush and, while awaiting his return from combat during World War II, supported the war effort by working at a nuts and bolts factory in Port Chester, New York; Whereas Barbara Bush was married to President George H.W. Bush for 73 years, and together they had 2 daughters, 4 sons, 17 grandchildren, and 8 greatgrandchildren; Whereas as Second Lady of the United States, Barbara Bush became a passionate champion for family literacy and published ‘‘C. Fred’s Story: A Dog’s Life’’, which raised $100,000 for Literacy Volunteers of America and Laubach Literacy Action; Whereas, in January of 1983, Barbara Bush joined the board of the Morehouse School of Medicine in Atlanta, Georgia, and worked with Dr. Louis Sullivan to help raise $10 million for the school’s first capital campaign; Whereas First Lady Barbara Bush founded the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy in 1989, and over the course of 30 years raised more than $110 million to support family literacy programs in every State across America; Whereas while serving as First Lady, Barbara Bush visited facilities for AIDS victims and held infected babies and hugged adults, and in so doing, helped erase the stigma of that disease; Whereas, in 1991, Barbara Bush and other advocates worked for the passage of the National Literacy Act of 1991, which created the National Institute for Literacy and permitted the use of libraries and other municipal property as evening literacy centers for adults; Whereas after leaving the White House, Barbara Bush continued to support a broad range of important organizations and causes, including AmeriCares, the Mayo Clinic Foundation, the Leukemia Society of America, the Ronald McDonald House, and the Boys & Girls Club of America; Whereas three primary schools and two middle schools in Texas have been named for Barbara Bush, along with an elementary school in Mesa, Arizona, the Barbara Bush Library in Harris County, Texas, and the Barbara Bush Children’s Hospital at Maine Medical Center in Portland, Maine; Whereas Barbara Bush shares the rare distinction with Abigail Adams of being both a wife to, and mother of, a President of the United States, and is also the mother of a Governor of Florida and a Governor of Texas; and Whereas Barbara Bush was a truly great American, First and Second Lady of the United States, literacy advocate, author, mother, and ‘‘Ganny’’: Now, therefore, be it: Resolved, That the House of Representatives— (1) extends its sympathies to the family of Barbara Bush; and (2) honors the life of First Lady Barbara Bush and her contribution to the United States of America. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, as George H.W. Bush’s successor, representing the Seventh District, as I said, I succeeded Bill Archer, I am keenly aware as well every day that I have the privilege of representing the Seventh District, that I have an especially high standard to live up to, the Bush standard of absolutely impeccable integrity, honor, and consistency. The Proverbs tell us that our greatest possession on Earth is our good name, worth more than all the gold and the silver in the world. And by that measure, the Bush family—Barbara Bush, George Bush, the entire Bush family—are the wealthiest people on Earth. In a memoir that Barbara wrote in 1994, looking back on their 50plus years of marriage, she wrote that George and she were ‘‘the two luckiest people in the world.’’ She said: ‘‘And when all the dust is settled and all the crowds are gone, the things that matter are faith, family, and friends. We have been inordinately blessed, and we know that.’’ According to their granddaughter, Jenna Bush Hager, Barbara and George gave thanks every night for their blessings and for each other in their prayers. Each night before bed, George H.W. still said, ‘‘I love you, Barbie,’’ to his wife, according to Jenna. When the Bushes first came to Texas, they settled in west Texas and went into the oil business. We are privileged tonight to be joined by the chairman of the Agriculture Committee, the Congressman representing Midland and Odessa, the Bushes first home in Texas, the gentleman from west Texas, MIKECONAWAY . We are delighted to have him with us tonight. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ). Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to come down here tonight to speak about Barbara Bush and the Bush family. As my colleague said, I represent Midland and Odessa, two communities that are linked to the Bush legacy through their living in Odessa for a while, then moving to Midland. George W. Bush and I were business partners in the oil business for about 5 years. So while I had limited or no direct contact with his mom, I got to see the product of her childrearing by working with him on a daily basis for 5 years. Mrs. Bush brought to the table that incredibly terrific blend of being a woman who was strong but compassionate, loved her family, stunningly protective of her family, yet steel willed when she needed to be; didn’t suffer fools well when they were doing things that she didn’t like, but did it with grace and dignity in ways that all of us should try to aspire to do it. They do leave a legacy in Midland. Midland still considers them their First Family. We have a museum in Odessa commemorating their home from when they lived in Odessa. We also have the Bush home in Midland that has been turned into a museum, and we are working hard to get that moved over to the Parks and Recreation Department so that it can be properly maintained and as a good example. But I don’t have a lot to say tonight that has not already been said, other than the fact that I am honored to be able to say these things and to just say that all of us should aspire to have the kind of legacy that Barbara Bush has left. She was a wife, a mother, a grandmother, a greatgrandmother. All of those things she did with incredible excellence and style. But she was also her own woman and leaves that legacy as well, of what strong women can do; what they mean to the strength of a family; what they mean to a community that she lived in. Whether it was Midland or Houston or here in Washington, D.C., as First Lady, she did it the right way every time. And our Nation is better for having had her. I suspect that Abigail Adams has welcomed her with open arms, as being the only two women to be the wife of one President and a mother of another, and that is a pretty select group that Mrs. Bush and Abigail Adams, both of whom have had great impacts on the legacy of this country. 
Again, thank you, Barbara Bush, for all that you did. I know her family grieves, but it is a bittersweet grief, knowing that a life lived really well for 92 years is something to be very proud of. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman CONAWAY very much for his comments. When Barbara and George lived in the MidlandOdessa area early in their marriage is when they lost their daughter, Robin. It, of course, is an unimaginable and unbearable loss to lose a child. But Robin was carried away by leukemia, and the Bushes devoted much of their lives to raise money for leukemia research, to defeat that terrible disease, to raise awareness of the disease, to give hope to others; because when they lost Robin in 1953, there wasn’t really anything the doctors could do. It is a great tribute to them both that they were so heavily involved in helping to raise money for cancer research to fight leukemia through the Texas Medical Center. MD Anderson, one of the greatest cancer hospitals in the world, is located in the Texas Medical Center on the edge of my district, and it has been my privilege as the chairman of a subcommittee on Appropriations to spearhead record increases in funding for the National Institutes of Health to help fight childhood cancers like leukemia. The Bushes were an integral part of that. They have done immeasurable good in so many ways and touched so many lives and inspired so many people all over the United States and throughout Texas. I know that all of us in the Texas delegation, all of us across the country, are praying for the Bush family and share in their grief. But we also have the sure knowledge that Barbara Bush is in a better place; that she has been reunited with her daughter, Robin, and that she was at peace. Mr. Speaker, we are honored tonight to be joined by my colleague from Houston, Congresswoman SHEILA JACKSONLEE, who joins us here tonight to pay tribute to the life of this remarkable and extraordinary First Lady, Barbara Bush. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Houston for yielding, and I would like to address all of us on the floor tonight as my fellow Texans. That was a favorite of George W. Bush, the son of Barbara Bush, when he would greet us during his Presidency, which I had the privilege of being here in the United States Congress, and he would always greet me as his fellow Texan, and how proud we are to be able to call President George H.W. Bush and the extended family, and his wonderful First Lady, the matriarch, the first girlfriend, if you will, and as has been told over and over during the time of her memorial, the first man that she kissed. How proud we are to call both of them our fellow Texans. Now we are standing here today to mourn Barbara Pierce Bush. And as I do that, let me, first of all, acknowledge President George H.W. Bush, and wish him a speedy recovery for him to regain his strength; for all of us watched as he sat in the viewing of her repose on that Friday, as he came and sat and remained for a period of time to greet the many people that came to honor her during that viewing. I was one of those who had the privilege to go and to pay my respects on that day. But again, they are one of America’s greatest families, although Barbara Pierce Bush would never acknowledge that by her attitude or the way she addressed people. She was just Mrs. Barbara Bush, a very humble but strong and firm and straightforward First Lady. Barbara Bush was a descendant of the 14th President of the United States, Franklin Pierce; the wife of the 41st, George Herbert Walker Bush; and the mother of the 43rd, George W. Bush. Of course, she finds her place in history for many, many reasons; but, of course, we take note of the fact there was only one other woman who was both the wife and the mother of a President of the United States, Abigail Adams. So that is a very highranking and honorable place to be. Barbara Bush, the widely admired and fiercely loyal wife, mother, and grandmother, was born in Rye, New York, but she got to Texas as soon as she could. She met a dashing young George Herbert Walker Bush in Greenwich, Connecticut, at a school dance when she was 16 and he was a year older. What an amazing story. In fact, what an amazing love story. Three years later, Barbara Bush married her sweetheart, and their love lasted for 73 years. I remember, as we mourned her last weekend, over and over again, the commentators would say, 73 years of marriage. That, alone, is a historic tribute to integrity and the beauty and the love of both of them. And, of course, they were married until she departed in death. George and Barbara raised their family from west Texas to Houston. Of course, we know that he was a war hero and a remarkable set of action that he saw in World War II, and a miraculous recovery from when his plane fell, and, as well, miraculous in the fact that he survived; but, more importantly, the actions that took place as he pursued the enemy. He truly was a hero as well. b1930 Barbara Bush was plainspoken, but she had that wonderful white hair, pearl necklace and earrings. And so many in Houston, on the day of both her funeral and as well the day that we viewed her remains at St. Martin’s Episcopal, as she lied in repose, she was there, and we were wearing pearl necklaces and earrings, just to be able to say she is someone that we admired, not for those external things, but for the goodness of her heart. She was an early supporter of the civil rights movement, the equal rights movement, and we repeated over and over again that very famous story of her going to an AIDS clinic and picking up a baby and hugging and touching those individuals who were HIV infected, to let the world know that they needed love and comfort, and that we needed to fight for the cure and to recognize the humanity of those who are suffering from HIV/AIDS. Certainly she loved literacy, and that became one of her major efforts, and that is where, during her time in Houston, I would see her—often with her son Neil Bush—efforts dealing with literacy. Her work and dollars came to places way beyond where she might expect them. Certainly a lot of work on literacy was done in my congressional district. Barbara Bush raised more than $1 billion for literacy and cancer charities. And as my colleague has indicated, it was both in tribute and in recognition of the devastation of childhood cancer, leukemia, which she lost her firstborn to. Barbara Bush recognized that education was the key that unlocked the door of human potential, and so her foundation, again, as I indicated, focused on family literacy. I have met people who, through her literacy program, were able to restore their lives and to secure employment because they were then able to move forward because they learned to read. And, unfortunately, they learned to read after they finished all of their education. She understood the value of that. As they came back to Houston, we were delighted to call them Houstonians, and as well we recognize what a valuable couple they were to us. And anything you asked them to do, from being with the Texans and supporting them and rooting them on and being with the Astros or the Rockets or any of our teams or any of our universities or anything that was needed, they were there. So I am always amazed at the breadth and depth of Barbara Bush; how many people she touched, how many people loved her, how many people stood in line just to pay their respects. We know her book with her dog, Millie, and her puppies, written during her White House years, was a best seller, as were her other books. And all of it was donated to charity. We also realize that as she and her husband ended their service—and, by the way, she was by his side for being the representative in China, for being the CIA director, for being the Congressperson that previously overlapped the 18th Congressional District. Many of my constituents were his constituents, and so we have had a full circle of their wonderful service to this Nation. On a personal note, I want to offer my tribute from my husband, Dr. 
Elwyn C. Lee, because as a young man growing up, it was the Bush family who helped him go to Andover and opened his eyes to go to the same school that Mr. Bush, H.W. Bush, went to, and his years of finishing high school. We know that when we got married, we received a gift from the Bushes. We just couldn’t even imagine it, that they would even remember us. We sent them an invitation, they remembered, and they provided us with a very special gift. They are very, very special people, and I speak in present tense because her spirit continues to thrive, and we are reminded of the charity, the love, and the standard bearer that she was for what is great about America. We know that she is survived by her husband, their children—George, Jeb, Neil, Marvin, and Dorothy—and that, as has always been said, she will join her firstborn Robin at her final resting place. It is important to pay tribute to such a wonderful American, such a wonderful woman, and to be able to thank her for teaching us and to remind us what is important in life, and it is family, friends, and faith. Thank you, Mrs. Barbara Pierce Bush. May you rest in peace, but let it be known that we will never forget your spirit, your strength, and what you did for America, and you gave it to us straight: Family, friends, and faith. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise in remembrance of Barbara Pierce Bush, the matriarch of one of America’s great families, and former First Lady of the United States. Barbara Bush was a descendant of the 14th President of the United States, Franklin Pierce; the wife of the 41st, George Herbert Walker Bush; and the mother of the 43rd, George W. Bush. Barbara Bush, the widely admired and fiercely loyal wife, mother, and grandmother, was born June 8, 1925 in Rye, New York. Barbara Pierce met the dashing young George Herbert Walker Bush in Greenwich, Connecticut at a school dance when she was 16 and he was a year older. Three years late Barbara Pierce married her sweetheart and their love lasted for 73 years, until she was departed from her beloved by death. George and Barbara raised their family mainly in West Texas, where they settled after the end of World War II and where the future President went into the oil business. Barbara Bush was a plainspoken woman who was instantly recognizable with her signature white hair, pearl necklaces, and earrings. Mrs. Bush was an early supporter of the Civil Rights Movement, Planned Parenthood, the Equal Rights Amendment, and was a tireless champion of many charitable causes, especially literacy. Barbara Bush raised more than $1 billion for literacy and cancer charities. Barbara Bush recognized that education was the key that unlocked the door of human potential. Literacy was Barbara Bush’s special cause, which led her to establish the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy. Shortly after the end of her husband’s presidential administration, the Bush Family returned to Texas, and all Houstonians were lucky to call her and her husband, George H. W. Bush, the 41st president, our neighbors and dear friends. Barbara Bush’s books include an autobiography and one about postWhite House life. Her children’s book about their dog, Millie, and her puppies written during her White House years was a best seller, as were her other books. In 2001, when George W. Bush took office, Barbara Bush became the only woman in American history to live to see her husband and son elected president. Barbara Bush lived a full life and will be remembered in American history, alongside only Abigail Adams, for the impact her life had on this country. Barbara Bush is survived by her husband and their children George, Jeb, Neil, Marvin, and Dorothy. She will join her first born, Robin at her final resting place. I ask the House to observe a moment of silence in memory of Barbara Pierce Bush, the Former First Lady of the United States. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Houston for joining us tonight to honor the life of this great woman, Barbara Pierce Bush, who, as my colleague mentioned, was a national leader in literacy, focused her efforts as First Lady on building literacy in the United States, and, in fact, in a televised event, an event that really, I think, symbolizes who Barbara Bush was and how big her heart was and the way she treated everyone that she met. It was an event celebrating the bicentennial of the Constitution where Barbara Bush met a man named J.T. Pace, who was a 63yearold son of a sharecropper, who had only recently become literate and able to read. And he was scheduled to read the Constitution’s preamble out loud in front of a large audience, Barbara Bush instinctively understood that he was very, very nervous. She quietly slipped up alongside him and asked him if she could help him read it out loud while standing next to him. Mr. Pace was very grateful and said, yes, of course. And soon they went up on stage together and began reading out loud the preamble of the Constitution. As Barbara Bush detected that Mr. Pace became more comfortable in reading in public, she continued to lower her voice until only his voice could be heard. And he suddenly realized that he was reading the preamble to the Constitution in front of this huge audience on his own. Well, it brought tears to his eyes because Barbara Bush had stood alongside him, understood his fear and anxiety, had lifted him up, and given him the confidence that he needed to complete the task, and allowed Mr. Pace to find his own voice. She was an extraordinary woman, and I feel humbled every day to represent the Bushes, to be their Congressman, to follow in his footsteps, to follow in her footsteps, and to do my very best to live up to the very high standards that they set for all of us as Americans, and especially as public servants. Every day that I have this privilege, I remember the standard that she set for all of us, the standards that she set for her family. Her granddaughter, Jenna Bush Hager, explained why her Ganny was given the nickname ‘‘The Enforcer.’’ Jenna explained that there were a few simple rules that her grandmother followed: Treat everyone equally; don’t look down on anyone; use your voice for good; and read all the great books. Barbara loved her family more than anything else on Earth. As she liked to tell people repeatedly: In the end, when all the dust is settled, when all the crowds are gone, the things that matter most are faith, family, and friends. She was abundantly blessed. In fact, her most prized possession was a painted cow, because when her husband, George, saw that Barbara had swooned over the painted cow statues installed around Houston in 2001, he decided to surprise her with one. But as the former President paced a warehouse full of colorful works of cows painted by local artists with his longtime chief of staff Gene Becker, President Bush could not decide which one his wife would like best. So he bought a blank one, and, as he expected, Mrs. Bush turned it into a family art project. They had the white cow placed on the lawn of the family seaside home in Kennebunkport, Maine, and in the years since, she and George had each of their 5 children, 17 grandchildren, and 8andcounting greatgrandchildren decorate the cow with handprints and autographs, and it became her most prized possession because it symbolized their entire family and their deep bond of love and affection for each other. Barbara Bush taught that humor, wit, and grace were the best accessories that a woman could wear. Jenna Bush Hager shared that her Ganny embodied uniqueness and authenticity, from her mismatched Keds, her pearl earrings, to her snow white hair. Barbara Bush always stressed the importance of internal beauty because, as she said, your looks will fade, but your kind words and the way you make people feel will be remembered by people forever, and you are measured by the love of those around you and how you have loved them. Her family members stated that she was the glue that held them all together. In a eulogy by her son Jeb, he stated that his mom was his first and most important teacher. She taught him to, ‘‘sit up, look people in the eye, say please and thank you, quit whining and stop complaining, and eat your broccoli.’’ The little things that she taught turned into bigger life lessons. ‘‘Be 
kind, always tell the truth, never discourage anyone. Serve others, treat everyone as you would want to be treated, and love your God with all your heart and all your soul.’’ At Barbara’s funeral, Jeb Bush told a story of the last time his mother was in the hospital. He said that his father, in Jeb’s opinion, probably got sick on purpose just so he could go visit Barbara. When George went into her room, he had a breathing mask over his face, a hospital gown. His hair was uncombed—in fact, standing straight up—and as he walked into Barbara’s hospital room and held her hand, Barbara opened her eyes, took one look at him, and said, ‘‘My God, George, you are devastatingly handsome.’’ She kept her sense of humor and her perspective and her joy and love for her family right to the end. When Jeb asked her how she felt about dying, Barbara stated that she knew that Jesus was her Lord and savior. She said she did not want to leave her husband, but she knew she would be in a beautiful place. We know that Barbara is now reunited with her daughter Robin, who passed away when she was 3 due to leukemia. And as George W. Bush said at the end of his mother’s life, although ‘‘Laura, Barbara, Jenna, and I are sad, our souls are settled because we know hers was.’’ We are all blessed as Americans, we are certainly blessed as Texans, as Houstonians, to be neighbors, to be friends, to have known this great good woman and this extraordinary family, the Bush family, that has exemplified everything that has made America great: integrity, duty, courage, commitment, selfreliance, religious faith, devotion to family, the benefits of hard work, and remembering that your good name is your most valuable possession worth more than all the gold and silver in the world. And truly by that measure, the Bushes are the wealthiest people on Earth, and we are all so very fortunate to have known them, to have learned from them, to be inspired by them, as I continue to be every day as the Congressman from the Seventh District of Texas. Every day that I represent this extraordinary district and these amazing people in Houston, who all stepped up and helped each other during Hurricane Harvey—and the Bushes were right there helping their neighbors and friends—every day that I have the privilege to represent this great city in this wonderful and amazing place, the Congress of the United States of America, I will always remember the standard of integrity that the Bush family left for me and for all of us. And I will work very, very hard to continue to make Barbara and George Bush and the Bush family and all Houstonians proud of my work on their behalf, because we are all abundantly blessed to have had Barbara Bush as First Lady, as a role model and a mentor, but we know that she is in a better place and is reunited with her daughter Robin. And as George W. said: We are all sad for the loss, but our souls are settled because we know hers was. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I am humbled to honor former First Lady Barbara Bush—Barbara Bush had unparalleled style and grace. Not only was she our First Lady, but a fiercely loyal wife, mother, grandmother, and greatgrandmother. As a fellow Texan, I am proud of her leadership for our country and her unparalleled commitment to childhood literacy. Her leadership while in the White House was impactful and her work for her foundation has helped countless children. I had the pleasure of meeting Mrs. Bush on a few occasions and am saddened to hear of her passing. While she may no longer be here with us on earth, we can be certain she is with our Heavenly Father—her memory will continue to live in the hearts and minds of the American people. 
b1945 HONORING THE LIVES OF SERGEANT NOEL RAMIREZ AND DEPUTY TAYLOR LINDSEY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. TENNEY ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO) for 30 minutes. Mr. YOHO. Madam Speaker, I rise this evening with a saddened heart to honor Sergeant Noel Ramirez and Deputy Taylor Lindsey of the Gilchrist County Sheriff’s Office, who tragically lost their lives in the line of duty on April 19, 2018, in a senseless, evil, and cowardly act, with complete disregard and respect for law enforcement officers and life itself. While I no longer represent Gilchrist County here in Congress, my wife, Carolyn, and I operated two of our veterinary businesses there. It is the epitome of an idyllic American town that espouses the values of America, God, country, and family. Our thoughts are with the entire community as we recover from this tragedy. Sergeant Ramirez was born on June 30, 1988, in Brooklyn, New York. After graduating high school in Puerto Rico with honors, he began his career in law enforcement. During his service to the people of Gilchrist County, he played an active role in recruiting new members to the Gilchrist team to grow what he liked to call ‘‘the family’’ in the Gilchrist County Sheriff’s Office. He was a medalist in the First Responder Games in both basketball and weight lifting, but more importantly than that, he was a loving and dedicated father and husband. He is survived by his wife, Gigi; their two children, Noel Lito and Zoey; along with his parents and family. Deputy Taylor Lindsey was born on June 30, 1992, in Gainesville, Florida, and graduated from Gainesville High School. Deputy Lindsey joined Gilchrist County Sheriff’s Office in 2013, where he began his lifelong dream to be a law enforcement officer. From a young age, he wanted to be a law enforcement officer, and he couldn’t say ‘‘patrol’’ so he called it ‘‘Ptrol,’’ and he went on to fulfill that dream. He worked there for 3 years. While quiet at first, he was quick to laugh, and those who worked with him can tell you a favorite Taylor Lindsey story. Deputy Lindsey is survived by his parents, his family, and his girlfriend, Kristin Hite. John 15:13 reminds us there is no greater love than to lay down one’s life for their friends. Both officers gave the ultimate sacrifice and epitomized the meaning of service before self. Our lives and our community, our State and, in fact, our Nation are better because of their service. Rest easy, gentlemen. We now have your watch. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
NUTRITION PROGRAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 30 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, last week, the House Agriculture Committee marked up and approved H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018. Along with the critical farm supports, the farm bill also authorizes and provides funding for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, also known as SNAP, and formerly called food stamps. SNAP is the primary Federal nutrition assistance program for those in need and ensures that no American goes hungry. As a young, married man, I saw the value and the importance that a Federal nutrition program, such as SNAP, provided when times got tough. Coming from central Pennsylvania, I always say that the worst part of growing up in a rural area is that everyone knows your business. By the same token, the best thing about growing up in a rural area is that everyone knows your business. And when times get tough, neighbors always help neighbors in need. And that is how I think about SNAP. No matter if you lived down the longest rural country lane or in the middle of New York City, SNAP is about neighbors helping neighbors. Despite the rhetoric that has been espoused by some over the past few weeks and months about the nutrition title, I would like to discuss this important legislation, what H.R. 2 actually proposes to do to improve SNAP. Over the past 3 years, the Agriculture Committee has held 21 bipartisan hearings on SNAP, while hearing 
from 81 witnesses. We have done our homework. We have heard directly from those who are impacted the most. We also had not one amendment from my Democratic colleagues to the Nutrition Title during the committee markup. It is a sad legislative process when not only do critics dismiss the 21 hearings, but they also fail to engage in the constructive amendment process to improve the bill where they see shortcomings. Republican Members acted to improve this bill, introducing 20 amendments in committee. Let me address work requirements and job training. And, clearly, I think we can all agree that putting individuals on a path to prosperity, helping them get better access to what I like to call skillsbased education, is the best way to assist an individual, to assist a family to achieve food security. I am hardpressed to find anyone who would disagree with that. Much has been made by some about work requirements, though. These work requirements have been on the books as a part of SNAP and, previously, the Food Stamp program since 1971, even though some States chose to waive them for many ablebodied adults who did not have dependents at home. In other words, some States have been circumventing work requirements. I like to say it as circumventing providing access to opportunity for the people who are the most vulnerable, the people who need it most, the people who are living under financial stress. Some States have been circumventing those work requirements for adults who are work capable and don’t have children for years. H.R. 2 strengthens and streamlines these work requirements for ablebodied adults. These folks are work capable. This bill also makes a historic investment into SNAP Employment and Training, and also an existing law, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, that this body, in a bipartisan manner a number of years ago, passed as a reauthorization to the Workforce Investment Act. By coupling these work requirements with job training activities, we can encourage a pathway out of poverty and, quite frankly, a pathway to longterm selfreliance. While education and training and the Workforce Innovation Opportunity Act already exist, H.R. 2 provides States with a significant investment: tools and options to move people forward, to provide people an opportunity for upward mobility. Upward mobility really is the American Dream. It is a dream of opportunity. And for too long, many have not had those tools within reach. H.R. 2 does some tremendous improvements to be able to restore that pathway to opportunity. For some people, it may be for the first time in their lifetime. This isn’t about burdening the States. It is about helping SNAP recipients. Those are people—our neighbors, our friends, our relatives—who are living in difficult, challenging financial times. Some of it is long term, may be living in poverty for generations—intergenerational poverty. But for many, it is short term, as a result of bad luck or bad planning. Whether it is unemployment or underemployment, these individuals deserve an opportunity to move forward and to move upwards. It is about helping SNAP recipients climb the economic ladder and closing the skills gap. We know that the skills gap, Madam Speaker, is all too real for so many Americans who wake up in the morning and are wondering how they are going to make ends meet, how they are going to pay bills. They see the job openings that are there, estimated to be close to 6 million today and growing, the number of jobs. I am not talking about jobs that require bachelor’s degrees, 4 years, or 6 years, or anything like that. These are jobs that largely require skillsbased education. It may be a matter of supportive employment, which, by the way, H.R. 2 supports, where you can actually start earning a paycheck by going to work to be trained through apprenticeships, supportive employment. These are jobs that require maybe a certification, some experience or onthejob training. All that can lead to pathways to greater opportunity. It is about giving the opportunity to poor people, the people who are living in challenging financial circumstances, folks that you would consider poor. It gives them the opportunity that they deserve to achieve not just food security, but economic prosperity. These new changes only apply to ablebodied adults who do not have children or dependents with disabilities. For children, it is for those under the age of 6. Therefore, the vast majority of SNAP recipients, children, the elderly, the disabled, pregnant women, or individuals with young children will not be impacted by these changes. People ages 18 to 59 who are ablebodied deserve a pathway to upward mobility, Madam Speaker. We don’t provide them that today. But with these changes with the farm bill, with H.R. 2, we give them that hope, and we give them a pathway to upward mobility. There are challenges for different groups. We are talking about ablebodied folks who are ages 18 to 59. We all know folks who fall into that category. They may be family and friends and neighbors. Certainly, as Members of Congress, we all have constituents who have folks in those age groups that have fallen on hard times or are struggling financially, and they need food security. We provide that with H.R. 2, the farm bill 2018. But more importantly, we provide them a pathway to opportunity through providing better access to more effective education and training. We recognize the challenges. For those who are 18 to 29, and especially depending on their life circumstances, you are just working your way into the workforce, it is extremely challenging, and there are issues that are out there that may have to do with transportation. That is a fairly frequent one with younger individuals. Certainly, the lack of work experience, of being able to leverage what skills they have are, unfortunately, impacted by what skills they don’t have—that skills gap. With what we do with this farm bill, we actually guarantee a training slot for each one of these individuals across the country, and we require case management. The case management that can be provided by those case managers helps people deal with those barriers that may be out there that stop people from making the most benefit out of the job training opportunities and the educational opportunities that will be provided. We are not talking about creating any new bureaucracies. It is about working with any willing and able partner that is in this business today, all of those agencies—called OneStop Centers or CareerLink offices under the Workforce Innovation Opportunity Act—that can help with this. It could be nonprofits. One of my favorite nonprofits that does just tremendous workforce development is Goodwill. They provide case management, and they have helped—I think the last number I looked at in 2016, they assisted over 300,000 people, some of them with special needs, to be able to get the skills to be able to fill that skills gap. And so we recognize the challenges of 18 to 29, but also let’s look at the other end of the spectrum of folks whom we consider work capable, 50 to 59. b2000 It is very difficult if you lose your job during that age group, for many reasons, to be able to break back into the workforce. Sometimes employers are just looking to hire folks a little younger who they can pay a lower rate, or are unable to pay for the wisdom and experience, unfortunately. I think investing in that wisdom and experience is a good investment for employers, but many can be reluctant to do that. So we know that those individuals also need some extra help of breaking back into the workforce. This bill does that. This bill provides them that opportunity to have at least 20 hours of training a week. It also can be working 20 hours, and you wouldn’t do the job training. But for so many, helping them retool all that experience in that age group to be able to find a new opportunity, to be able to take all the experience that you have developed and break into that workforce, that group would benefit. Madam Speaker, let me talk about categorical eligibility. I know that some have also questioned the proposed changes to what is known as broadbased categorical eligibility. We actually eliminate that. 
Under the current law, SNAP recipients are deemed eligible by qualifying for a noncash TANF or Statefunded benefit. What does that mean? Well, that means that if I hand you, literally, today—no matter what your income is, no matter what your assets are—if I hand you a brochure about SNAP benefits and you take that from me, that makes you SNAP eligible, even though your income may be very, very comfortable at supporting your needs and the needs of your family. If I provide you information and you exercise that information to call a SNAP hotline, an 800 number, that makes you eligible for SNAP benefits, despite that your income might be very, very comfortable and well above the income requirements to be SNAP eligible. Why is that a problem? Because every dollar that is utilized inappropriately—and that is what happens under those scenarios—takes food out of the mouth of people who are truly eligible, truly food insecure, truly hungry. We need to dedicate ourselves to making sure that every dollar is used appropriately. We don’t take all the efficiencies, certainly, out of the SNAP program. We actually retain two other categorical categories. One is based on cash assistance. But the bottom line, those other two categories, those two application processes, which are more efficient, absolutely—less paperwork, that is not a bad thing—but at the same time, we know that with these folks’ incomes and assets, they are SNAP eligible. We know that they are truly experiencing food insecurity. So, under this bill, categorical eligibility will remain for lowincome households that are determined eligible for cash assistance or ongoing services such as child care, transit, counseling. They are still in place. They are a part of H.R. 2. In short, SNAP recipients will continue to receive benefits as long as they meet the modernized asset test limits proposed in the bill. Those asset test limits, by the way, are modernized. They are brought into the 21st century. They have been around for decades, and they have prevented truly hungry people who are experiencing food insecurity from being eligible for SNAP benefits. For the first time, we have changed that so the most vulnerable, actually, are able to save some money and have some money. We are not going to punish them for having up to $2,000 in savings. It is a big change. In terms of total assets, in the past, if your assets were $3,000, you were eligible for SNAP. At $3,001, we take the rug and pull it right out from underneath you. We are going to take that to $7,000 and we are going to index it to inflation, Madam Speaker. For those folks who have a person who is an older adult, elderly, or a disabled person with a disability in the household, we are going to take that from $5,000 to $12,000. For people who are struggling financially, paycheck to paycheck, right now what our government does under the current SNAP program is if you have a vehicle that is worth $4,650 or less, you are eligible. If it is $4,651 in value, you are not eligible. We pull the rug right out from underneath you. We take that to a $12,000 value, in terms of vehicles. Madam Speaker, I am very proud of what we have done for the first time. Really since the Great Society created these poverty cliffs, where we fixed those. We have taken those poverty cliffs away. We have indexed them to the Consumer Price Index increases so that they reflect the realities of what people are struggling with financially. Without this farm bill, without H.R. 2, those poverty cliffs will continue, Madam Speaker. It is time to end the poverty cliffs. Let me deal with reporting issues. The nutrition title has never been about money. In this whole process, we have never talked about the costs—we have looked at good policy—but, rather, providing good policy that provides the best food security for vulnerable individuals. That has been our goal, and that is what we have achieved with H.R. 2. The nutrition title has zero sum program funding, and the overall budget impact is neutral. You hear all these outrageous claims. And I don’t know where this political speak is coming from, although November is coming. Election time is bearing down upon us, I guess, because there are some in this Chamber for whom it is all politics now. They will throw hungry people under the bus for the purpose of politics in November. We shouldn’t do that, Madam Speaker. This is work that we all need to be very serious about. I recognize that every bill can be improved. I was very disappointed that some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle here offered no amendments during the markup process, because I believe that they have got some great ideas. I would hope that they would work with us when we bring this to the floor in a couple of weeks. We will continue to refine this. There were some ideas that were mentioned, but more came in the form of criticisms and complaints during the farm bill markup in committee. It would have been better if it had been put forward in serious thoughts as amendments. A number of them I would have supported. But we have opportunities to improve. That said, to help with program integrity, there are also a number of proposals in the bill that will help combat waste and fraud. Waste and fraud in this farm bill is estimated to be annually in the neighborhood of $700 million. Madam Speaker, do you know how many hungry children we could feed with that $700 million that is wasted or fraudulently taken and used by folks who aren’t eligible for the program? The impact that we could have with that $700 million would just be amazing, actually, and the amount of folks who are experiencing food insecurity could find food security and they could find greater opportunity as a result of that. So the nutrition title does work to better serve eligible children and adults and older adults who are food insecure by making program integrity improvements to prevent as much fraud and abuse as possible. Fraud and abuse of any amount takes food support away from our most vulnerable citizens. Fraud and abuse, again, is estimated to be $700 million annually. H.R. 2 addresses that. It incentivizes States, as they administer the SNAP program, to deal with it. All savings realized through the program integrity improvement are reinvested in nutrition title programs to better address food security. It is a winwin. Where States identify fraud and abuse, States will be able to retain 50 percent of the savings that they secure. Let me be clear, though: we expect them to invest that within the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, in order to further address the needs of their citizens in their States experiencing food insecurity. Today, we heard firsthand details from local law enforcement about alarming fraud that occurred in Jacksonville, Florida, related to SNAP. Unacceptable. I am so thankful the law enforcement in Florida have identified that, made those arrests, and are prosecuting. Between 2012 and 2017, there were some 22,000 fraudulent SNAP transactions that totaled some $3.7 million in taxpayer dollars. That is $3.7 million, Madam Speaker, that, if used appropriately and without fraud, would be able to meet the food insecurity needs of our citizens that are truly in need. They are at risk of hunger. These individuals created nonexistent businesses and accepted EBT payments with no legitimate product in return. 198 individuals have been accused of selling EBT benefits. Those are the electronic benefit cards that we use with the SNAP program today. Even worse, a number of these transactions involved the purchase and exchange of illegal drugs. Again, as a strong supporter of nutrition assistance and helping those who are truly in need, this kind of activity is entirely unacceptable. We take measures. We incentivize States to be able to identify, stop, and recover that waste, fraud, and abuse. Again, we have them retain 50 percent of what they are able to get, but we require them to invest that back into making sure the food insecure people in our country— men, women, and children—do not go hungry. This kind of activity is entirely unacceptable and only underscores the need for more accountability and modern reforms to the law. Madam Speaker, if I could inquire as to how much time remains. 
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, let me just deal with some of the rumor mongering that is happening within this Chamber. One of the things I hear is that the nutrition title of the farm bill results in a significant number of individuals from receiving SNAP. Frankly, Madam Speaker, that is absolutely false. Actually, without this change, a significant number of families experiencing food insecurity will continue to not be eligible for the needed nutritional support they have, being foodinsecure families. The 2018 farm bill and nutrition title updates the archaic asset test that prevented hungry families from accessing SNAP for decades. In fact, Madam Speaker, many of these asset values have not been changed since the 1970s. We change them and we index them to inflation. This update to the asset test will allow individuals and families experiencing food insecurity to have more in savings, assets, the value of their vehicle, without affecting their SNAP eligibility. Additionally, for ActiveDuty military households, SNAP’s income determination will, for the first time, provide an exclusion of up to $500 monthly of their basic housing allowance. We have a number of folks serving Active Duty who are military and joined late in life and came with a spouse and kids. It is very difficult for them to live on what the salary would be of an entrylevel member of our military. This is the first time that we address that issue in this farm bill, H.R. 2, that will be on the House floor in a few weeks. There is a criticism out there that the nutrition title creates an excessive and unneeded new government bureaucracy to implement the SNAP employment and training. Madam Speaker, that is false. The farm bill nutrition title grants States the flexibility to provide services to best meet the needs of their State. While it provides an education and training slot for everyone who wants one, the States already have the springboard in place available through a combination of SNAP education and training, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, and State programs. Under this proposal, States are granted the flexibility needed to provide services that best meet the needs of their States. There is no onesize fitsall mandate. SNAP education and training leverages willing and able partners—I have mentioned many of those already this evening—OneStop CareerLinks, community colleges, State human resources service. Also, local, State, and national employers, where someone who is food insecure and living in poverty could have the access to be able to do an apprenticeship. They could go to work and be trained through this program. b2015 Finally, Madam Speaker, there are some who have said that more than a million people will come off SNAP over the next 10 years. It has been presented as a negative thing. We are talking about folks who will be coming off because they have achieved greater opportunity. We are talking about some folks who perhaps are on there just because they took a SNAP pamphlet or called an 800 number. And if those folks are truly eligible, they just need to do the application; they show the income; they meet the asset test; and they will have SNAP. Those families, those kids, will not come off SNAP. They will have the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. Part of those, though, that I think the CBO talked about are folks who truly do have a higher income and are really not eligible for this program, and those folks will come off if they choose not to fill out the application or they fill out the application and they are not eligible. But many of that millionplus that CBO talked about that will be coming off SNAP, it is because they have gotten good jobs; it is because they have taken advantage of the education and training programs that we are now providing greater access to under this 2018 farm bill and, specifically, the Nutrition Title. Helping our fellow citizens to be able to achieve greater opportunity, to achieve the American Dream, to prosper, to have a living wage, that is not a bad thing. That is something that we should celebrate. Madam Speaker, we are going to bring this farm bill to the floor here in a couple of weeks. I hope all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will take the opportunity to read it, to actually see what is in it. I look forward to working with them to help in any way in terms of helping them with that process, and I look forward to successfully passing farm bill 2018 out of the House of Representatives in the weeks to come. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today and April 27. 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 447. An act to require reporting on acts of certain foreign countries on Holocaust era assets and related issues. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 17 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, April 27, 2018, at 9 a.m. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4689. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Joseph P. DiSalvo, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4690. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Admiral Harry B. Harris, Jr., United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of admiral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96 513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104 106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4691. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Kenneth E. Tovo, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4692. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, transmitting the National Defense Stockpile Annual Materials Plan for Fiscal Year 2019, and for the succeeding four years, FYs 20202023 pursuant to Sec. 11(b) of the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act, 50 U.S.C. 98h2(b); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4693. A letter from the Director, Division of Longshore & Harbor Workers’ Compensation, Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs, Department of Labor, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act: Maximum and Minimum Compensation Rates (RIN: 1240AA06) received April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 4694. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of State Plans for Designed Facilities and Pollutants; North Dakota; Control of Emissions from Existing Commercial and Industrial Solid Waste Incineration Units [EPA R08OAR20170698; FRL997658Region 8] received April 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4695. A letter from the Management Analyst, Office of the Comptroller, Bureau of Consular Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Schedule of Fees for Consular Services, Department of State and Overseas Embassies and Consulates [Public Notice 9450] (RIN: 1400AD71) received April 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
4696. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the annual report pursuant to Sec. 2(9) of the Senate’s Resolution of Advice and Consent to the Treaty with the United Kingdom Concerning Defense Trade Cooperation (Treaty Doc. 11007); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4697. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmitting the Department’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4698. A letter from the Chief, Branch of DFS, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removing the BlackCapped Vireo From the Federal List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife [Docket No.: FWSR2ES20160110; FXES11130900000 178 FF09E42000] (RIN: 1018 BB79) received April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4699. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Listing Policy and Support, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removing Textual Descriptions of Critical Habitat Boundaries for Mammals, Birds, Amphibians, Fishes, Clams, Snails, Arachnids, Crustaceans, and Insects [Docket No.: FWSHQES20150008; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018BA81) received April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4700. A letter from the Secretary, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Fortieth HartScottRodino Annual Report, pursuant to Sec. 7A of the Clayton Act, Hart ScottRodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 4701. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, Office of General Counsel, U.S. Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Rules of Practice for Protests and Appeals Regarding Eligibility for Inclusion in the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Center for Verification and Evaluation Database (RIN: 3245AG87) received April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Small Business. 4702. A letter from the Reg. Dev. Coordinator, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revise and Streamline VA Acquisition Regulation to Adhere to Federal Acquisition Regulation Principles (VAAR Case 2014V001) (RIN: 2900 AP50) received April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Business. H.R. 4743. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–655). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 2121. A bill to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to revise regulations to specify that certain funds shall not be taken into account when calculating any supplementary leverage ratio for custodial banks, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–656). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 5076. A bill to amend the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to extend the examination cycle for certain insured depository institutions; with an amendment (Rept. 115–657). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. BERA (for himself, Ms. K USTER  of New Hampshire, Mr. SCHRADER , Mr. SCHNEIDER , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. DELANEY , and Mr. P ETERS ): H.R. 5624. A bill to facilitate the efforts of States to establish autoenrollment systems to enroll certain individuals in health insurance coverage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BERA (for himself, Ms. KUSTER  of New Hampshire, Mr. SCHNEIDER , Mr. DELANEY , and Mr. P ETERS ): H.R. 5625. A bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to align open enrollment periods for Exchange plans with the deadline for filing Federal income tax returns, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for himself, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. L AMBORN ): H.R. 5626. A bill to amend the Intercountry Adoption Act of 2000 to require the Secretary of State to report on intercountry adoptions from countries which have significantly reduced adoption rates involving immigration to the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): H.R. 5627. A bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to improve the environmental quality incentives program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. MCKINLEY (for himself, Mr. TONKO , Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. CICILLINE ): H.R. 5628. A bill to establish a demonstration program under which the Drug Enforcement Administration provides grants to certain States to enable those States to increase participation in drug takeback programs; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. NORMAN (for himself and Mr. GOSAR ): H.R. 5629. A bill to amend the Federal Crop Insurance Act and Food Security Act of 1985 to enact reforms to farm subsidies and crop insurance called for in President Trump’s budget for fiscal year 2019; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. NADLER , Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. C ROWLEY): H.R. 5630. A bill to amend the Clayton Act to clarify that an acquisition that tends to create a monopsony violates the Clayton Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself, Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. NADLER , and Mr. C ICILLINE ): H.R. 5631. A bill to prohibit employers from requiring employees to enter into covenants not to compete, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. NADLER, Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. C ROWLEY): H.R. 5632. A bill to prohibit agreements between employers that directly restrict the current or future employment of any employee; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 5633. A bill to repeal debt collection amendments made by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GAETZ (for himself, Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. R UTHER FORD , Mr. T AYLOR , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. RASKIN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. J OYCE  of Ohio, Mr. BUCK, Mrs. H ANDEL , Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. S OTO, Mr. POLIS, Mr. D ENHAM , Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. L EE, Mr. I SSA, Mr. ROHRABACHER , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. COHEN , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. CORREA ): H.R. 5634. A bill to increase the number of manufacturers registered under the Controlled Substances Act to manufacture cannabis for legitimate research purposes, to authorize health care providers of the Department of Veterans Affairs to provide recommendations to veterans regarding participation in federallyapproved cannabis clinical trials, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 5635. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to impose restrictions under the Medicaid program with respect to opioid prescriptions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HILL (for himself and Mr. BEYER ): H.R. 5636. A bill to designate additions to the Flatside Wilderness on the Ouachita National Forest, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LATTA (for himself, Mr. RENACCI , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. T URNER , 
Mr. G IBBS, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. DAVIDSON , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. JONES , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. M OONEY  of West Virginia, Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. WENSTRUP , Mr. HUDSON , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. N ORMAN, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. FLORES , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. O LSON , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, and Mrs. HARTZLER ): H.R. 5637. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the unlawful disposal of fetal remains, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 5638. A bill to improve the management of driftnet fishing; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LOEBSACK (for himself and Mr. MULLIN ): H.R. 5639. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to direct the Federal Communications Commission to carry out a grant program to make grants for the establishment or expansion of job training programs for communications tower service, construction, and maintenance; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MARINO (for himself and Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5640. A bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to allow schools that participate in the school lunch program under such Act to serve whole milk; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MULLIN (for himself and Mr. SCHRADER ): H.R. 5641. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to improve health care in rural areas; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. NADLER (for himself, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. CROWLEY ): H.R. 5642. A bill to amend the Clayton Act with respect to mergers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. ROSEN: H.R. 5643. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of Energy from taking any action relating to the licensing, planning, development, or construction of a nuclear waste repository until the Director of the Office of Management and Budget submits to Congress a study on the economic viability and jobcreating benefits of alternative uses of the Yucca Mountain site; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WENSTRUP (for himself, Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, and Mr. TAKANO ): H.R. 5644. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish the Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. SCALISE (for himself and Mr. MCKINLEY ): H. Con. Res. 119. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Mr. TAKANO , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. DEGETTE , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. DELBENE, Ms. E STY of Connecticut, Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. R USH, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. SCHIFF , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Ms. LOFGREN ): H. Res. 849. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the Office of Technology Assessment should be reestablished; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. COURTNEY (for himself, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. DELAURO , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. NORTON , Ms. M OORE , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. S HEAPORTER , Mr. NORCROSS , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. KHANNA , Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. ESPAILLAT , and Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER ): H. Res. 850. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Workers’ Memorial Day, honoring workers who have been killed or injured in the workplace, and recognizing the importance of strengthening worker health and safety protections; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. PINGREE (for herself and Mr. POLIQUIN ): H. Res. 851. A resolution recognizing the Independent Transportation Network of America on the occasion of providing 1,000,000 rides to older and visually challenged people of the United States; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Ms. NORTON , Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. L OFGREN ): H. Res. 852. A resolution expressing support for the designation of May 3, 2018, as a ‘‘National Day of Reason’’ and recognizing the importance of reason in the betterment of humanity; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. TAKANO: H. Res. 853. A resolution calling upon the people of the United States to recognize International Chart Day on April 26, 2018, in celebration of charts and infographics of all types; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for herself, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mr. FOSTER , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. NOLAN , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. GARAMENDI , Mrs. D INGELL , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. VARGAS , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. ESTYof Connecticut, Ms. K USTER  of New Hampshire, Mr. SIRES, Mr. COHEN , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia): H. Res. 854. A resolution affirming a commitment to elevate the voices, leadership, and needs of historically and currently disenfranchised and underserved communities in the effort to end sexual violence and support all survivors of sexual violence, including immigrant survivors, survivors with disabilities, survivors of color, survivors of child sexual abuse, and lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender survivors; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BERA: H.R. 5624. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. BERA: H.R. 5625. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: H.R. 5626. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clauses 4 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 5627. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. MCKINLEY: H.R. 5628. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Congress shall have the Power . . . ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 5629. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 7 By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 5630. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 5631. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power [. . .] To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States . . .’’ By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 5632. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States, which states: The Congress shall have the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 5633. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. GAETZ: H.R. 5634. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 5635. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. HILL: H.R. 5636. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needfull rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular state. By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 5637. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Supreme Court’s Commerce Clause precedents and under the Constitution’s grants of powers to Congress under the Equal Protection, Due Process, and Enforcement Clauses of the Fourteenth Amendment. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 5638. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 5639. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 5640. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 5641. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. NADLER: H.R. 5642. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Ms. ROSEN: H.R. 5643. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Mr. WENSTRUP: H.R. 5644. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 233: Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. HASTINGS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. LAMB. H.R. 350: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H.R. 490: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 502: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 545: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H.R. 681: Ms. CHENEY . H.R. 756: Mr. FASO. H.R. 757: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 771: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 889: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 913: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. H.R. 1017: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. HANABUSA , and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 1057: Ms. HANABUSA . H.R. 1212: Mr. FASOand Mr. M EEHAN . H.R. 1229: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. CLAY, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. JEFFRIES , Ms. B ASS, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. MOORE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. A L GREEN of Texas, and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 1239: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 1270: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1316: Mr. GOODLATTE . H.R. 1318: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 1405: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 1406: Mr. LARSEN of Washington and Mr. DIAZBALART . H.R. 1438: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1659: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 1676: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 1683: Mr. HECK. H.R. 1783: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 1828: Ms. SINEMA and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 1836: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 1902: Mr. LAMB. H.R. 1972: Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 2069: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 2079: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 2150: Mr. COSTA , Ms. E STY of Con necticut, and Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 2152: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 2309: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 2315: Mr. GARAMENDI and Mr. C ALVERT . H.R. 2317: Mrs. ROBY, Mr. V ELA, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY  of Florida, Mr. KINGof Iowa, Mr. W ALZ, and Ms. TITUS. H.R. 2319: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 2327: Mr. JORDAN . H.R. 2345: Mrs. COMSTOCK and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 2351: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 2392: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 2417: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 2495: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 2566: Mr. KHANNA , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. C ARSONof Indiana, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. P OCAN , and Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 2797: Mr. DESJARLAIS . H.R. 2856: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 2886: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 2920: Mr. FERGUSON . H.R. 2996: Mr. CURTIS . H.R. 3111: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3303: Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 3331: Mr. KHANNA and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 3378: Mr. BANKS of Indiana. H.R. 3415: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 3545: Mr. HULTGREN . H.R. 3596: Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C LYBURN , and Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 3605: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 3642: Mr. FASO. H.R. 3645: Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 3692: Mr. CURTIS . H.R. 3832: Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 3875: Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 3894: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 3931: Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 3980: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 4098: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 4099: Ms. FUDGE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. M EEHAN , and Ms. HANABUSA . H.R. 4229: Mr. VALADAO and Mr. G OODLATTE . H.R. 4265: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 4379: Mr. CUMMINGS . H.R. 4426: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 4505: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 4530: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 4635: Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. B OST, and Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 4691: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 4693: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 4742: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 4747: Mr. CALVERT . H.R. 4800: Mr. FASO. H.R. 4808: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4815: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. CLAY, Ms. B ASS, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. RICHMOND , and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSONof Texas. H.R. 4819: Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. SANFORD , Mr. S TEWART , and Mr. J OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 4825: Mr. FERGUSON . H.R. 4841: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 4846: Mr. LIPINSKI and Mrs. D EMINGS . H.R. 4897: Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. R ODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. D ENHAM , and Mr. R UTHERFORD . H.R. 4916: Mr. MITCHELL . H.R. 4953: Mr. SHIMKUS . H.R. 5047: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 5121: Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. BYRNE , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. KIND. H.R. 5129: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut and Mr. CHABOT . H.R. 5132: Mr. MESSER , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. MEEHAN , Mr. N ORCROSS , and Mr. R OEof Ten nessee. H.R. 5141: Mr. KINGof Iowa, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. BERA, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. Y OUNG  of Alaska, Mr. KINZINGER , Miss G ONZA´LEZ COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. A BRAHAM, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. GIANFORTE , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. P ANETTA , and Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 5171: Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 5191: Mr. RUTHERFORD . H.R. 5197: Mr. KIND. H.R. 5199: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 5221: Mr. RUSSELL . H.R. 5241: Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. TONKO , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 5244: Mrs. TORRES . H.R. 5248: Mr. DUNN, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. T HOMAS  J. ROONEY of Florida, and Mr. D IAZBALART . H.R. 5282: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mr. GIANFORTE , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Ms. BONAMICI , and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 5291: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 5292: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 5329: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5337: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 5339: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 5353: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5383: Mr. DEUTCH . H.R. 5385: Mr. EVANS and Mr. S IMPSON . H.R. 5414: Ms. JAYAPAL and Mr. O’R OURKE . H.R. 5417: Mr. BERGMAN . H.R. 5510: Ms. NORTON and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5512: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 5517: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. BACON , and Mr. E MMER . H.R. 5526: Mr. MARCHANT and Mr. S AM JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 5547: Mr. NUNES and Ms. H ANABUSA . H.R. 5561: Mr. CLAY. H.R. 5572: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 5578: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 5593: Mr. VARGAS , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. KIHUEN , Mr. S ABLAN , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. GOMEZ , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, and Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 5606: Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. LOFGREN , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 5610: Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. G ALLA GHER . 
H.R. 5612: Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas. H. Con. Res. 13: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H. Res. 220: Mr. POEof Texas. H. Res. 274: Mr. PALLONE and Mr. D IAZ BALART . H. Res. 307: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H. Res. 463: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H. Res. 763: Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. HENSARLING , Mr. B ARTON, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. MITCHELL , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. H ARRIS , Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. M AST, Mr. LIPINSKI , and Mr. C APUANO . H. Res. 774: Mr. STEWART and Mr. CRAWFORD . H. Res. 789: Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. MOORE , and Mr. E MMER . H. Res. 825: Mr. RASKIN . H. Res. 835: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. D IAZBALART , Mr. BERGMAN , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. D UFFY , and Mr. ENGEL . H. Res. 848: Mr. BERGMAN . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2447 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, APRIL 26, 2018 No. 68 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by 