Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, as you recall, 8 years ago this week, the Affordable Care Act became law. Since then, we have seen a historic increase in health coverage, with millions of people gaining access to better quality healthcare. Under the ACA, we saw the nonelderly uninsured rate cut almost in half, from 18 percent to 9.4 percent. Individuals previously denied coverage due to preexisting conditions saw life changing improvements in benefits and coverage. Seniors, who are finally able to spend less on Medicare coverage and prescription drugs, had a chance at a secure and peaceful retirement. In my State alone, Wisconsin, 224,000 people became covered by ACA exchanges. From 2013 to 2016, the number of uninsured individuals declined by a whopping 42 percent. But we all know, Mr. Speaker, that hardworking Americans were taking advantage of this less expensive, superior healthcare coverage while, at the same time, the GOP embarked on their allout war against the ACA. I mean, they took no prisoners, hellbent on sabotaging, butchering, and repealing this law at the expense of our Nation’s must vulnerable. I mean, let’s get down into the nitty gritty depths of this depravity. Mr. Speaker, how do you think, for example, that the GOP, this Congress, is going to pay for the $1.18 trillion deficit hole created by these tax cuts for the richest Americans and for corporations? Mr. Speaker, you well know the answer. What we are going to do is plunder Medicare and Medicaid. We are going to build public sentiment for these actions by demonizing the poor and targeting people who already have limited access to jobs and healthcare. Oh, come on now. We all know, Mr. Speaker, that you have been dreaming about slashing Medicaid ever since you were drinking at college keg parties. You said so yourself, Mr. Speaker. Well, now, with the help of our President, you are acting on your dream. Your dream is coming true. And we have already seen an influx of States, including my own State of Wisconsin, submit work requirement waivers. This administration has already approved three of them, and there are sure to be more. These attacks are unprecedented. Never has any administration gone this far to kick needy Americans off the only healthcare they have. My own State’s Governor, Scott Walker, is spearheading one of the most restrictive welfare reform proposals in the Nation. He wants harsh work requirements, drug testing restrictions, and other barriers to our State’s most atrisk families to access Social Services. These folks who are being targeted are already struggling to find work, and they are marginally connected to the workforce. How does throwing them off healthcare help? I say we need to uphold the ACA. 
RECOGNIZING WORLD DOWN SYNDROME DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on World Down Syndrome Day, to celebrate the many individuals living with Down syndrome who are changing the world. People with Down syndrome can and do make meaningful contributions throughout their lives, in schools, in workplaces, their communities, public and political life, culture, media, and more. Take Gerber’s adorable spokesbaby, Lucas Warren, a 1yearold from Dalton, Georgia, whose infectious smile set him apart from the 140,000 entries that Gerber received for the competition. After Lucas made his big debut in February on the TODAY show, the world fell in love with him, too. Lucas is the first child with Down syndrome to win the title since Gerber began the competition. His parents, Cortney and Jason Warren, said they hope that Lucas’ story will shed light on the special needs community and help more individuals with special needs be accepted, and I certainly agree. Another incredible person living and thriving with Down syndrome is Kayla McKeon. Kayla is the manager of grassroots advocacy for the National Down Syndrome Society. She is the first registered lobbyist with Down syndrome. I met Kayla not too long ago when she interviewed me for her podcast, Kayla’s Corner. She is upbeat and outgoing, and that is just part of what makes Kayla so special. A native of Syracuse, New York, Kayla is also a motivational speaker who draws on her experiences as an individual with a disability whose positive attitude inspires others to reach their highest potential. Kayla is also a Special Olympian who competes in floor hockey and bowling tournaments. But in many ways, Kayla is living a life like any other young person. She lives in Washington, D.C., and rides the Metro. She has a busy social life. She likes sporting events and motorcycle rides, but she is extraordinary and she is a role model for others. Kayla told the Auburn Citizen newspaper that she is committed to showing how much people with Down syndrome can achieve. She said: ‘‘We are most definitely ready, willing, and able to do anything we set our minds to, getting a job, driving a car, going to college. We want to showcase our abilities, not our disabilities.’’ Well, I couldn’t agree more with Kayla. After meeting this enthusiastic young woman, I am certain that she is able to do anything that she puts her mind to, and she is an outstanding ambassador for the Down syndrome community. Mr. Speaker, all people with Down syndrome must have opportunities to contribute to the community and live valued lives on a full and equal basis with others in all aspects of society. People with Down syndrome can and do bring so much to the community wherever they live, around the world, when given the opportunity. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating World Down Syndrome Day, where we not only celebrate all the achievements of those living with Down syndrome, but we double down in our commitment to ensure that no one with Down syndrome is prevented from making meaningful contributions to society. They have so much to give and make this world a brighter place. 
OUTSOURCING U.S. JOBS AND WAGES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ) for 5 minutes. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to bring muchneeded attention to a critical issue: the outsourcing of U.S. jobs and wages. I have been fighting on behalf of working people to stop outsourcing, to stop sending our jobs overseas; and fighting against lowincome wages that outsourcing has caused since the day I came to the Congress. Right now, we have an opportunity to make real progress, pushing back against outsourcing. But in order to make that opportunity reality, we cannot accept the status quo on the North American Free Trade Agreement. Any renegotiated NAFTA must eliminate the incentives for outsourcing jobs, raise wages, and level the playing field for North American workers. It is our job to ensure that the 
Trump administration keeps its promises to the middle class, and put an end to the outsourcing of jobs by fighting for strong, enforceable labor and environmental standards. b1015 The U.S. labor proposal in NAFTA must dramatically improve to stop the outsourcing of goodpaying jobs and the suppression of wages for working people. Unless we rewrite NAFTA with the workers at the center of our goals, we will repeat the same mistakes that we have made in the past. The North American Free Trade Agreement has already facilitated the outsourcing of a million American jobs to Mexico where corporations can pay workers poverty wages and dump toxins into the environment before bringing products back into the U.S. for sale. American workers and the environment lose. In fact, in 2004, in my district in Connecticut, we lost 300 good jobs at the BIC plant in Milford, Connecticut, because the company moved their razor operation to Mexico. Beyond BIC, NAFTA had a tremendously negative impact on my home State in Connecticut. In fact, we lost more than 100,000 manufacturing jobs since it was enacted and since China was allowed to join the WTO—the period between 1994 and 2016, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. That amounts to nearly 40 percent of the manufacturing jobs in Connecticut, taking into account both jobs created by exports and jobs displaced by imports. As these jobs moved overseas, the percentage of all private sector jobs that are manufacturing jobs in Connecticut declined from 20 percent to 11 percent during the NAFTA–WTO period. I watched and I fought against the slow death of the Ansonia Copper and Brass Company as they suffered under these policies. In Connecticut, more than 25,000 workers are certified as having lost their job due to imports or outsourcing under the Trade Adjustment Assistance program—companies such as Carrier, Exxon Mobil, General Electric, Honeywell, Northrop Grumman, Dow Chemical, The Hershey Company, 3M, and others. So manufacturing jobs, goodpaying jobs that you can support a family with, took a big hit in Connecticut because of NAFTA—workers who made electrical products, medical products, machined parts, printing products, clothing, automotive parts, aircraft parts, and the list goes on. When negotiated with the workers in mind, trade agreements can create jobs in America, and I will hold the Trump administration to that standard, just as I have done with every administration, no matter which party occupies the White House. Turning to investorstate dispute settlement, or ISDS, in trade agreements, ISDS makes it easier to outsource jobs from the United States by making it less risky. It makes it less risky for companies to move their manufacturing to places that have a weaker rule of law and an underdeveloped court system. The assumption is that, instead of relying upon rule of law and the courts, corporations can just sue the taxpayers of the host country. ISDS undermines the home advantage of a relatively welldeveloped court system and the rule of law like what we have here in the United States. Furthermore, ISDS can be wielded as a weapon to threaten and discourage efforts to raise wages, which encourages outsourcing. For example, the Egyptian Government was recently challenged by a multinational corporation because of a raise in the minimum wage. President Trump ran on a platform that called for an end to the outsourcing of goodpaying jobs, yet his tax law, arguably his proudest achievement thus far, incentivizes outsourcing, encourages companies to export jobs by creating a lower rate for multinational corporations to invest abroad. This is nowhere near the corporate tax rate for domestic investments. This is a job killer. Right now, a company that makes their wares outside of the United States pays up to 13 percent in U.S. taxes. The same company making their wares in the United States pays 21 percent in taxes on their operations. I have recently introduced a bill striking the sections of the law that create this incentive to outsource. In closing, the biggest economic issue of our time is that too many people who play by the rules are in jobs that do not pay them enough to live on. They are struggling with rising costs of healthcare, with childcare, and some can’t even put food on the table. We need to fight for these workers. We should not be sending their jobs and their wages overseas, and I will continue to fight outsourcing for hardworking middle class Americans. The stakes could not be higher. 
HONORING LIEUTENANT CALEB KING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Lieutenant Caleb King, a naval aviator and Port Orange, Florida, native who died when his F/A–18 Super Hornet crashed while training onboard Naval Air Station Boca Chica in Key West, Florida. Caleb King was a standout football player at Warner Christian Academy in South Daytona. He was recruited to play football at a number of colleges but chose to combine college football with service to our country by attending the U.S. Naval Academy, and as a linebacker, he was a key component of successful Navy teams that played in two bowl games and, most importantly, went 4–0 against Army. After graduating from the U.S. Naval Academy, Caleb completed extensive training to become a naval aviator and was eventually assigned to Strike Fighter Attack Squadron 213 based in Virginia Beach. Our fighter jets represent the tip of the sphere of America’s offensive air capabilities, and the aviators assigned to these units are some of the best sailors in the fleet, so it is not surprising that someone like Caleb would find himself at VFA–213. While we don’t know yet the reason for the crash, suffice it to say that officers like Caleb put their lives on the line every day. The training they do is inherently dangerous, and it is not for the faint of heart. Caleb King was a big, strong, American patriot. He was an inspiration to those who knew him. He served our country with distinction and lived up to the Navy’s ethos of honor, courage, and commitment. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the King family, particularly his wife, Victoria, and daughter, Rain. America lost a promising naval flight officer last week in Key West. Lieutenant King dedicated his life to something bigger than himself: serving our Nation in uniform and risking his own life to do so. That is what we call a hero. f 
SUPPORTING MAKING PORTUGUESE CITIZENS ELIGIBLE FOR E1 AND E2 VISAS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to join me in fostering further investment in our United States economy by one of our oldest allies, Portugal. As a cochair of the Congressional Portuguese Caucus, I am proud to join Congressmen CICILLINE and V ALADAO in leading the AMIGOS Act, which will make Portuguese citizens eligible for E1 and E2 visas. These visas allow individuals to enter the United States to conduct substantial trade or invest a substantial amount of capital, which spurs investment in our economy and helps create jobs. That is, after all, what we do with our friends, with our allies. In 2015 alone, between Portugal and the United States, there was $4.2 billion in trade. That created jobs here in the United States. It creates jobs in Portugal. It is good for both countries, and that is the way friends ought to work together. There is precedent here. Congress granted eligibility for Israel in 2012 with the E1 and E2 visas, which allow for easier access for businesspeople who are engaged in these kinds of economic activities. What is more, Portugal was one of the first countries to recognize the United States after we declared our independence and won the Revolutionary War. For many of us, if we remember our history, after World War II, to defend 
Western democracies, Portugal, along with the United States, helped organize Western Europe to create NATO, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, that has been the bulwark of defense of Western ideals that are the foundation of our democracies. For these reasons and more, I call upon my colleagues to join me in supporting a commonsense, bipartisan piece of legislation, the AMIGOS Act, which will further opportunities for business in America by creating more jobs and continue to enhance the relationship that has existed for over 200 years between the United States and Portugal. 
WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SMUCKER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the irreplaceable contributions that women have made to our Nation. As pioneers of industry and champions of human rights, women have played a critical role in the advancement of our society. March is Women’s History Month, so I want to take a moment to talk about just three of the many women from my community who have made the world a better place. One of those women is Lydia Hamilton Smith from Lancaster County, an AfricanAmerican woman, who became the partner and confidant of Pennsylvania Congressman Thaddeus Stevens during the Civil War and during the ensuing debate and passage of the 13th Amendment. During the Battle of Gettysburg, Ms. Hamilton Smith hired a horse and wagon and went out to collect food and supplies from York, Adams, and Lancaster Counties. Once her wagon was full, she traveled to the makeshift hospitals tending to wounded soldiers from the battle. The recent excavation of Lydia Hamilton Smith’s and Thaddeus Stevens’ houses in Lancaster uncovered a passageway that led to a tavern that is believed to have been used to shelter escaped slaves. The work Lydia contributed to the Underground Railroad and the abolition movement at large is reflective of the difficult, perilous, and humble work by women during that time period to end slavery. The next woman I would like to recognize today is Rebecca Lukens of Chester County. I would like to read an excerpt from a May 2012 piece published in the Daily Local News: ‘‘Imagine the year is 1825. You are a 31yearold mother, pregnant with your sixth child. You’ve already lost two children in infancy. Your husband has struggled for a dozen years to build an ironmaking business in the rolling backcountry of Chester County on the banks of Brandywine Creek. Suddenly he dies, leaving you alone. The ironworks employees are ready to leave, and your overbearing mother implores you to abandon the business.’’ This is what Rebecca Lukens had to confront, but she didn’t give up. Rebecca ran the household and the business, building it over the next few decades into a successful company that we know today as ArcelorMittal, the world’s leading steel and mining company. Women like Rebecca teach our sons and daughters that, if you work hard and dream big enough, you can break molds and you can achieve your goals. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Barbara Franklin. Born in Lancaster County and a graduate of Hempfield High School, she is perhaps best known for serving in President George H.W. Bush’s Cabinet as the 29th Secretary of Commerce. Following the student protests and massacre in Tiananmen Square in China, the United States imposed sanctions and a ban on governmental contacts. When President Bush sought to normalize relations with China, Barbara led that effort. She reconvened the U.S.China Joint Commission on Commerce and Trade, opening new markets for American products. She says this is the most important thing that she did as Commerce Secretary. Barbara was also one of the very first women to graduate from Harvard Business School. As the current president and CEO of Barbara Franklin Enterprises, she has a reputation for breaking down barriers and being a leading voice for women’s equality and empowerment in the workplace. Each of the three women I have highlighted today are successful in their own right. They have paved the way for current and future generations of young people who have the same entrepreneurial drive. Their leadership has inspired men and women, alike, and has set an example of what hard work, determination, and standing for what you believe in looks like. I have to say I am quite proud to have such impressive role models come from my congressional district. It is women like Lydia, Rebecca, Barbara, and many others who are shining examples of the progress our country has made over the last two centuries, who give hope for the future and remind us of the important contributions of women. 
b1030 A CALL FOR ACTION AGAINST GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ). Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I am saddened and angered that the high school in my district, Great Mills High School, in St. Mary’s County, was the site of the most recent school shooting, of which there have been 17 just since the beginning of this year. Two students were injured, and the gunman, also a student, was killed. And an entire community of parents, students, teachers, and faculty has been shaken by this violence. If it had not been for the courage and quick action of the school resource officer, Blaine Gaskill, and local law enforcement, the casualties might have been far, far greater. Blaine Gaskill is a hero, as are the teachers, students, and other school personnel. Tim Cameron, the sheriff of St. Mary’s County, and the sheriff’s office, of which Blaine Gaskill was a member, responded exactly as they had practiced: efficient, effective, and caring. Kathy O’Brien, who heads up a place called Walden in our county and in southern Maryland, was on site within an hour, dealing with the crisis and the mental health challenges it caused. Principal Jake Heibel made sure the school responded effectively. The superintendent of schools, Dr. James Smith, had made sure that the school would act in a way that was appropriate. We thank all of them. But, Mr. Speaker, our Nation is suffering from a crisis of gun violence. It has affected schools, places of worship, entertainment venues, city streets, and other places where a lot of people congregate. No other industrialized society or nation faces such a crisis, and that is because, in America, our laws allow almost anybody to access dangerous firearms, almost no questions asked. Furthermore, we allow the sale of assault rifles of the kind used by soldiers in the battlefield, designed to kill a lot of people quickly. In this instance, it was a handgun, a Glock. I do not know the capacity of the magazine that was used, but it was not an assault rifle. This Republicanled Congress, Mr. Speaker, has chosen to follow the lead of the NRA and do nothing of substance. We did pass a bill the other day that gave schools some help, some grant money, to ensure the safety of their schools. That was appropriate to do. But they could do that now on their own. We will help, that is good, but it does not address the real problem. Perhaps that was the point. And America’s students, however, Mr. Speaker, won’t have it. I had the opportunity last Wednesday to stand with thousands of students who walked out of their schools, walked into democracy, and marched to the Capitol to call for action against gun violence. These young people, Mr. Speaker, displayed the best of America, using their voices and their actions, to promote a just cause and a worthy effort to make our Union more perfect. The other Members and I who joined these young Americans could see that they do not take this and other national challenges lightly. Indeed, they had much to say about the future they want for our country and for the role they want to play to shape it. 
One of the students, Mr. Speaker, from Maryland, Matt Post, spoke extraordinarily eloquently. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  his remarks. 
My name is Matt Post. I’m a twelfthgrader, the Student Member of the Board for Montgomery County, and, I think, as students we need to make a few things clear. To start, we will not sit in classrooms with armed teachers. We refuse to learn in fear. We reject turning our schools into prisons. We will accept nothing less than stricter gun control. If it’s what it takes, we are going to shame our national policymakers into protecting us, not just in schools but in churches, movie theaters, on the streets, and for the communities of color who are disproportionately devastated by the sickness of gun violence. The lawmakers who fail to support us, those who look for every answer to our nation’s gun problem but the guns themselves, are complicit in every single death that comes after. To every politician sitting in the Capitol behind us, you get to decide who lives. And so, this is not a partisan issue for us. There’s nothing cosmetic about life or death. This is about our basic morality as a country. When the commanderinchief’s solution to this gun epidemic is more guns, you know we have a moral problem in the White House. When national policymakers value the blood money of the NRA over the lives of children, you know we have a moral problem in the Halls in Congress. And when this is doomed to happen again— when, in the coming weeks and months, more of my peers will be slaughtered in their own classrooms, when their deaths will be dismissed as collateral—you know we have a moral problem in this country. So let’s make one last thing clear: their right to own an assault rifle does not outweigh our right to live. The adults have failed us. This is in our hands now. And if any elected official gets in our way, we will vote them out and replace them ourselves. ‘Enough is Enough!’ 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I am not going to read the remarks in their entirety, but I do want to highlight one thing Matt had to say, which I thought was so profound. He concluded his remarks by saying: ‘‘ . . . their right to own an assault rifle does not outweigh our right to live.’’ His right to live is guaranteed by the Constitution as well. There were many others like Matt, Mr. Speaker, other student leaders from our area, who stood up and spoke out and roused their peers to be engaged. Along with Matt, I want to recognize Brenna Levitan; Eri Shay; Emily Dohler Rodas; Michael Solomon; Nate Tinbite; Christian Crawford; and a student from American University, who helped them organize, Aaron Thorp. These student leaders, and their many peers who marched with them last week, deserve to be heard in the Halls of Congress. Mr. Speaker, we must not fail them. Like the young leaders of generations ago, of centuries ago, a millennia ago, these young leaders are calling to our conscience to take action, and we must not fail them. We must not fail the students and teachers and parents of Great Mills High School in St. Mary’s County; or Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida; or Marshall County High School in Kentucky; or Umpqua Community College in Roseburg, Oregon; or Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut; or Virginia Tech; or Columbine; or any other school that has witnessed the carnage of a school shooting. Mr. Speaker, we must take real action—action to make our schools and our communities safer from gun violence. I am proud to stand with the young Americans who walked out—and I thank them for their passion and their advocacy—and who say they do not want to go to school and be afraid. One young woman said the first thing she does when she goes to school now is to look for a place to hide. Mr. Speaker, we must do better than that. I will continue to work closely with the community in Great Mills in the days and weeks ahead, as we try to heal and move forward. But, Mr. Speaker, in order to do that, this body, the people’s body, who raise our hand and swear an oath to the Constitution and the laws of our country, designed to create a more perfect Union, a Union in which the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness is protected by the people’s House, Mr. Speaker, let us act. f 
b1100 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at 11 a.m. 
PRAYER Minister Jeremiah Tatum, Willow Avenue Church of Christ, Cookeville, Tennessee, offered the following prayer: Father in Heaven, we bow to You and praise You upon this, the beginning of spring. We are reminded that You are in control of all things, and it is by Your hand that they exist and were created. Look down in mercy, we beseech Thee, on these our American States. Be Thou present, O God of wisdom, and direct the councils of this honorable assembly; enable them to settle things on the best and surest foundation. Direct them according to the instructions of Your holy word. We humbly ask for Your care and patience. We request the revival of the spirit by which we were founded and have endured. We pray for Your guidance upon our President, his Cabinet, the Members of our Congress, and each and every person within our government. We pray for Your truth and love and peace to reign in our country and in our world. In Jesus’ name, amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. TROTT ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. TROTT led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING MINISTER JEREMIAH TATUM The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to welcome Minister Jeremiah Tatum from Cookeville, Tennessee, to our Nation’s Capital. In Congress, we begin each day thanking the Lord for His provision 
and asking for continued guidance, protection, and wisdom. It is a great privilege to have a fellow Tennesseean lead us in this sacred tradition today. Minister Tatum was born in Los Angeles County, California, and comes from seven consecutive generations of preachers. His call to ministry began 27 years ago, and he is currently serving his eighth year as the pulpit minister of Willow Avenue Church of Christ in Cookeville. In addition to local work, Minister Tatum preaches abroad and serves overseas with foreign missions. He encourages young men to become preachers and believes he has the best job in the world. Our community is so grateful for his service. He is married to Amber, and they have three children: Luke, Daniel, and LyssaBeth. I know his family and the Willow Avenue congregation are very proud to have him with us today, and I thank him for opening our day in prayer. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak out against domestic violence and sexual abuse. Domestic violence affects people from all backgrounds. Regardless of race, religion, and socioeconomic background, domestic abuse touches all aspects of our community. According to the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence, nearly 20 people per minute are assaulted by an intimate partner. We must work together to stop this. Central New York is home to Vera House, a wonderful organization that works to prevent and respond to domestic and sexual violence. This month, it kicked off its 24th annual White Ribbon Campaign in central New York. This campaign raises awareness for the need to put an end to domestic violence and sexual abuse. Throughout the duration of the White Ribbon Campaign, thousands of central New Yorkers, such as myself, will be wearing a white ribbon or a white wristband to stand in solidarity against abuse. I urge my House colleagues to join me in wearing a white ribbon to demonstrate a personal pledge to work towards preventing violence against men, women, and children. PROTECT THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION (Mr. WELCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, make no mistake about it: through their words and actions, President Trump and his allies are doing everything they can to destroy the independent investigation of Special Counsel Robert Mueller through provocative tweets: a witch hunt; Through reckless actions: firing Director Comey and Assistant Director McCabe; and Through provocative statements: his personal attorney calling for an end to the investigation. The question, Mr. Speaker, is not what the President wants to do or may do. The question is: Will Congress do what it must do, which is protect the Mueller investigation? A number of us have a bill that would do just that. Our bill would require a threejudge panel to approve any dismissal of Mr. Mueller. Mr. Speaker, no American is above the law, no Member of Congress is above the law, and no member of the executive branch is above the law, including President Trump. Mr. Speaker, let the House vote on our bill. Make each one of us be accountable to our constituents on the rule of law. Will we vote to protect the Mueller investigation or will we acquiesce to the President’s threats and temper tantrums? Mr. Speaker, let us vote. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF WILLIAM PULTE, SR. (Mr. TROTT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of William Pulte, Sr. He passed away earlier this month at the age of 85. In 1950, at the age of 18, Bill Pulte started building and selling homes in southeast Michigan. In 1956, he founded Pulte Homes, known today as the Pulte Group. Over the next 50 years, he grew the company into the largest homebuilder in the United States. Bill Pulte was a legend in the business world, but his legacy is one of great devotion to his family and community. He was involved with the Angel Fund, a group which anonymously provides families in Detroit with shelter. His philanthropy helped Cornerstone Schools provide thousands of young people in Detroit with a great education, and his passion for homebuilding took him all the way to Central America to help its poorest communities. So it is most appropriate that we pause today from our Nation’s business to remember and celebrate the life of Bill Pulte. His hard work, devotion, and vision changed the world for the better, and for that, we thank him. f 
UCR VETERANS PROJECT (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, the Riverside National Cemetery is the final resting place for nearly 300,000 former military personnel and their family members. Each of them have a story that deserves to be told. I rise today to applaud the University of California, Riverside, on a new grant that will be used to research and tell these stories. With support from the Department of Veterans Affairs, UC Riverside faculty and students will document the lives of those who served and partner with K–12 schools to help teach young people about the value of service and sacrifice. Our duty to honor those who sacrificed for this Nation is not limited to Memorial Day or Veterans Day. This project will help our community understand and appreciate the individuals whose service has kept this Nation safe and free. I am proud that UC Riverside has been selected for this important initiative and look forward to seeing the meaningful work it will produce. 
AMELIA EARHART CONTINUES TO INSPIRE (Ms. JENKINS of Kansas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, Amelia Earhart, one of the most iconic aviators in history, became the first woman to fly across the Atlantic Ocean, which launched her to national notoriety and inspired millions to follow. Highlighting her contributions to aviation, yesterday, the House passed the Amelia Earhart U.S. Post Office Act, which names her hometown post office in Atchison, Kansas, after her. While she was lost at sea, that wasn’t the end of the Amelia Earhart story. A woman’s aviation group, the Ninety Nines, which she founded, still exists today and advocates for female pilots in the industry. Amelia’s legacy soars as high as ever as she continues to inspire new generations of women to reach for greater heights. Please join me in celebrating the life of Amelia Earhart. 
CHILD CARE (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, a typical Rhode Island family with an infant 
and a 4yearold pays $23,000 a year in child care. That is nearly double the cost of tuition at the University of Rhode Island. Nationwide, the cost of child care has increased 25 percent in the past decade. That is a terrible deal. It is a raw deal for working families. Democrats have proposed the Child Care for Working Families Act, a better deal. This bill ensures that no middle class family will pay more than 7 percent of their income on child care. It ensures universal access to highquality preschool programs. It also raises wages for childcare workers. It focuses on the needs of middle class families and the high cost of child care. A few months ago, my Republican colleagues passed a huge tax cut for powerful corporate special interests and the wealthiest Americans. Democrats, on the other hand, are offering A Better Deal—a deal that focuses on raising family incomes, reducing costs in people’s lives, and making sure people are prepared for jobs in the 21st century. We propose A Better Deal. 
ONE FAMILY ONE RESTAURANT (Mr. KNIGHT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to acknowledge the work of One Family One Restaurant, a nonprofit organization in my district that tackles significant homelessness and hunger problems in southern California. I am proud to recognize its work in giving families who struggle with food insecurity the opportunity to eat at a restaurant. One Family One Restaurant provides a unique and invaluable dining experience to families who otherwise rely on food stamps and too often wait in long lines at food banks to access food. The experience also helps heal hearts and restore a family’s dignity and hope. One Family One Restaurant does not act alone. It relies on restaurants and community members to sponsor meals and local pantries and food banks to help coordinate families in need. It takes the repeated generosity of the entire community to alleviate family hunger in their region. This year, they will be launching their nationwide America Break Bread campaign. I encourage all of those who seek to help the hungry to join in this effort and follow the footsteps of this stellar organization. It is an honor to bring their work to the attention of the House and the Nation today. 
INSULT TO OUR PRINCIPLES (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I have had the privilege of being involved in a number of international organizations representing the United States. We are defined by our love, appreciation for democracy, and for selling that around the world. The call that was made by the Commander in Chief yesterday to Vladimir Putin, whose election was a failure, at best, was an insult to our principles and our values. This is the leader of a country alleged to have used poison gas on ally soil in London, trying to kill two individuals; had the interaction in Ukraine with the bringing down of the plane; and incarcerating many people in Russia because of their views. I think this is a poor statement for a country that promotes democracy. The world looks to us and seeks to be, in many instances, like America. They value our concern for human rights and our value of democracy. They wait for us to stand up against despots like Vladimir Putin, yet the President of the United States gives him a jolly congratulations for an election that was not an election. f 
b1115 CONGRATULATING PENN STATE WRESTLING (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Penn State wrestling team on winning this year’s NCAA Division I National Championship. The Penn State Nittany Lions are a force to be reckoned with and they proved it again last weekend in Cleveland, Ohio, when they brought home their seventh team title in 8 years. The team went 4and1 in the finals, coming back from a 6point deficit heading into the final round to clinch the title on a pin by junior Bo Nickal in Penn State’s final match of the night. Penn State won the team title with 141.5 points, while Ohio State was in second with 134.5. Iowa took third with 97. Head coach Cael Sanderson now has 22 national champions as a head coach, 20 at Penn State, and 7 NCAA titles. I could not be more proud of my alma mater or this team that gave us yet another season to remember. Many college athletes dream about participating at the NCAA championships. This team truly is the pride of Happy Valley, and I congratulate Coach Sanderson and every wrestler on the team. We are. 
CUT FRIVOLOUS SPENDING (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, on September 12, 2017, I released a statement to mark and recognize that the national debt had just exceeded $20 trillion. I asked my colleagues to follow through with our commitment to reduce expenditures and create economic stability for our future. Since that date, Congress has not taken any action to reduce our deficit or to balance our budget. Instead, we have increased our budget caps to augment Federal spending by more than 10 percent above current levels. We suspended our debt ceiling, and this week we are preparing to pass our seventh shortterm spending bill of the fiscal year. Our grossly negligent spending habits continue with no end in sight. At this rate, I am certain that we will see a $22 trillion national debt sometime around the first of next year. Mr. Speaker, this fiscal irresponsibility is not what we promised our constituents. We are directly contributing to the bankruptcy of this Nation that we will leave to our grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I beg my colleagues to honor the pledge to cut our spending and reduce our debt before it is too late. We must act now before we cross another trilliondollar threshold. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
As you know, my Administration is pursuing the renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement—something many have promised but have failed to deliver. In addition, my Administration is exploring potential trade agreement partners, including in Africa and Southeast Asia. I hope my Administration can continue to work with the Congress to pursue new and better trade deals for America’s workers, farmers, ranchers, and businesses. Extension of trade authorities procedures is essential to fulfill that task and to demonstrate to our trading partners that my Administration and the Congress share a common goal when it comes to trade. DONALD J. T RUMP .THEWHITE HOUSE , March 20, 2018. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
b1300 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. POEof Texas) at 1 p.m. 
TRICKETT WENDLER, FRANK MONGIELLO, JORDAN MCLINN, AND MATTHEW BELLINA RIGHT TO TRY ACT OF 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 787, I call up the bill (H.R. 5247) to authorize the use of eligible investigational drugs by eligible patients who have been diagnosed with a stage of a disease or condition in which there is reasonable likelihood that death will occur within a matter of months, or with another eligible illness, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 787, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5247 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to insert extraneous material on H.R. 5247. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, earlier this year, Members of Congress heard the President during his State of the Union Address make a specific promise to the American people that the passage of right totry legislation would occur. This afternoon, I am proud to stand with the President and the thousands of Americans with terminal illnesses, their families, and their friends, in passing this important bill in the House. Since 2014, nearly three out of four States, including my home State of Texas, have passed a version of right totry laws. I am pleased that the House is again considering H.R. 5247, the Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2018, so that terminally ill patients have a chance, or maybe a second chance, at life. These patients are our constituents. They could be someone we know. Let us take this opportunity to improve access to experimental treatments for them. Over the course of the past decade, our Nation has achieved an unprecedented number of innovations and scientific breakthroughs. Through the contributions of researchers in academia and the private sector, Americans have more innovative treatments at their fingertips. Despite these achievements, I still hear from patients with serious, life threatening conditions, including my own constituents in north Texas, who are frustrated with what they see as regulatory barriers from trying new therapies when everything else has failed. Mr. Speaker, as a physician, I understand that access to investigational drugs and therapies is a deeply personal priority for those seeking treatment for their loved ones with serious, lifethreatening conditions. To my friends on the other side of the aisle, I have a simple question: Why do you not want to allow these patients to exercise their right to fight for their future? It is worth mentioning that the bill before us today is a revised, more narrowly crafted version of the one that passed the Senate last August. Since that time, the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Health held a hearing in early October to consider the Senate bill, where Members heard from 
the Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, Dr. Scott Gottlieb, about the agency’s concerns. We also heard testimony from patients and groups that support and oppose right to try. From then to just recently, our committee engaged in multistakeholder efforts to improve the original rightto try bill, as passed by the Senate. It entailed numerous conversations with patients, advocates, the Administration, authors of the bill, and stakeholders on all sides of this complex topic. The Food and Drug Administration was never left out of the discussion. In fact, the agency provided valuable input throughout the process and up until the introduction of H.R. 5247. The aim was to open the door to innovative, experimental drugs for terminally ill patients without necessarily compromising the vital work and the mission of the Food and Drug Administration. The current compassionate use program at the Food and Drug Administration does make a good faith effort to help patients who do not qualify for clinical trials. But right to try would actually offer patients an alternative pathway to access eligible investigational drugs, so long as they are certified by a physician who is in good standing and abides by the rules laid out in the bill. Again, we have worked closely with the Food and Drug Administration to ensure that this new, alternative pathway does not hinder or conflict with the critically important oversight that the agency conducts. Additionally, this bill protects patients from manufacturers mislabeling or misbranding drugs, requires sponsors and manufacturers to report adverse events to the Food and Drug Administration, and provides certain liability protections for parties participating in the new pathway. Mr. Speaker, this alternative pathway would also be limited to individuals who are suffering from a disease or a condition where there is a reasonable likelihood of death within a matter of months or significant, reversible morbidity, and who have exhausted all FDAapproved treatment options. Lastly, it is essential that we do not create additional hurdles in this process so that manufacturers in the drug approval process have the certainty that they need. The revised righttotry bill clearly states that the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services ‘‘may not use a clinical outcome associated with the use of an eligible investigational drug . . . to delay or adversely affect the review or approval of such drug. . . . ‘’ After months of work and thoughtful discussions, this legislation is a positive step forward in our shared goal of improving care for America’s patients. It strikes the proper balance between ensuring patient safety and granting access to new treatments. The President outlined in his State of the Union Address that this was an important priority for the administration. In the words of our Vice President and former colleague, MIKE PENCE : ‘‘It’s about restoring hope and giving patients with lifethreatening diseases a fighting chance.’’ Mr. Speaker, for these reasons, I urge my colleagues in the House to vote in support of H.R. 5247, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my strong opposition to H.R. 5247, the Right to Try Act of 2018. This legislation, introduced only last week, is an egregious attempt, in my opinion, by the Goldwater Institute to undermine the gold standard drug approval process at the Food and Drug Administration. The supporters of this bill claim to be helping desperate patients who are looking for hope. If this is such a patientcentered bill, then why does every major patient organization overwhelmingly oppose it? More than 100 patient organizations, including the National Organization for Rare Disorders, the Friends of Cancer Research, and the American Cancer Society have all written in opposition to this legislation. In a letter to congressional leadership, these 103 patient organizations noted ‘‘that the alternative pathway in the latest version of this legislation is still less safe for our patients than the current expanded access process under the FDA.’’ It is not only the patient organizations that are voicing concerns. Four former FDA Commissioners—Drs. Hamburg and Califf, who served under the Obama administration; and Drs. McClellan and Andrew von Eschenbach, who served under the Bush administration—also oppose this legislation. That is two former Republican Commissioners and two former Democratic Commissioners who are opposed to both the House bill and the Senate bill on this same issue. These four Commissioners explained their opposition by saying: ‘‘There is no evidence that either bill would meaningfully improve access for patients, but both would remove the FDA from the process and create a dangerous precedent that would erode protections for vulnerable patients.’’ Mr. Speaker, I think most importantly, I would stress that this legislation is simply not needed. There is already a successful program in place today at the FDA in which seriously ill patients and their doctors can request access to an experimental treatment from a manufacturer. This application process, which takes as little as 45 minutes for a physician to complete, has been overwhelmingly successful. Last summer, a review by the Government Accountability Office found that the FDA approves 99 percent of the requests submitted to the agency. In fact, of the nearly 1,700 requests the FDA received last year, only 9 were not approved. Physicians and patients also receive approval quickly. Emergency requests are often granted immediately over the phone and, on average, receive a response within 4 days. While the FDA approves 99 percent of the treatments it reviews through this expanded access process, as it is called, it also adjusts applications for 11 percent of the patients to improve patient safety protections. In order to protect patients, this review, in my opinion, should continue. We must protect patients from bad actors or from dangerous treatments that might make their lives worse. Just imagine the health consequences to patients if these 11 percent of applicants had not been adjusted. This is the very reason that the FDA must be involved in the process. If you eliminate FDA review, as this bill does, you are putting patients at risk. I want to talk a little bit about the fact that many States now have right totry statutes. I fear that some Members—and I heard this last week when the bill was on the suspension list— might support this legislation under the false belief that the State rightto try laws in their States have provided help to patients. But nothing could be further from the truth. One example supporters of this legislation like to bring up is Dr. Delpassand from Texas, who claims to have treated patients under the State right to try. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter from Mr. Andrew McFadyen of The Isaac Foundation, who dispels this myth. 
THEISAAC FOUNDATION , March 20, 2018. Rep. GREGWALDEN , Chair, Rep. FRANK PALLONE , Ranking Member, Energy & Commerce Committee. DEARMR. PALLONE AND MR. WALDEN : I am writing to you regarding your upcoming debate on HR 5247, the Right to Try initiative fronted by the Goldwater Institute. I am the Executive Director of The Isaac Foundation, an organization that is dedicated to providing advocacy and support to patients dealing with a wide range of disorders and needing access to rare disease treatments. Our work pushes international boundaries, with the bulk of our efforts taking place in Canada and the United States. I am also a member of the NYU Working Group on Compassionate Use and PreApproval Access where we are making a concerted effort to improve and address the issues around access to experimental medications, and I’m involved with a nonprofit called GE2P2. I’m proud to say at The Isaac Foundation that we’ve never been unsuccessful gaining access to lifesaving medications and treatments for patients in Canada, and our work directly with pharmaceutical companies is helping countless patients see similar results in the United States. We have had success by being collaborative partners with industry, regulatory authorities, and patients in need. I watched the discussion last week with growing consternation that many of our elected officials have not taken the opportunity to factcheck claims being made by RTT proponents. Most notably, continued mention of Right to Try being used by Dr. 
Delpassand out of Texas is both egregiously wrong and, indeed, is the perfect example of why RTT should not be passed by lawmakers. In October 2016, I testified during Senator Ron Johnson’s hearing on Right to Try, at which Johnson introduced and played a video created by the Goldwater Institute of Dr. Delpassand. During that 3minute video, Dr. Delpassand explained that he was using the state RTT law to treat his patients because the FDA would not allow him to do it through an Expanded Access Program. Senator Johnson asked me what I thought about this video—which included few facts, no context, and was edited by the people fronting the RTT push themselves. I explained that there must be a reason why Dr. Delpassand was in the 1% of cases not allowed by the FDA and vowed I would investigate. In March of 2017, I received a set of documents from the FDA under a FOIA request. They show that Dr. Delpassand’s clinic failed inspections during the clinical trial of Lutathera (lutetium Lu 177 dotatate). Specifically, he failed inspection due to 3 key and very important reasons: 1. Enrolling subjects into the study during a partial clinical hold, issued by the Agency. 2. Underreporting of Adverse Events. 3. 1572protocol noncompliance. The failed inspections were discovered after complaint from the CDER Good Clinical Practice Compliance Oversight Branch, Division of Good Clinical Practice Compliance Evaluation, Office of Scientific Investigations (OSI). A ‘‘Clinical Hold’’ was placed on the lab and Dr. Delpassand. During a clinical hold, subjects may not be given an investigational drug. Dr. Delpassand and his clinic disregarded this clinical hold and enrolled 6 patients. Additionally, and just as concerning in terms of patient safety, Dr. Delpassand’s clinic failed to promptly report significant new adverse events or risks to the FDA. This failure to report was noted numerous times during the inspection. The inspection also found numerous other areas of concern. I have attached the full report for your consideration. After these inspections, the FDA would not allow Dr. Delpassand to open an EAP at his clinic for patients in need, and rightly so. They FDA did, however, allow 42 different locations the ability to provide this drug for patients requiring access, including two sites in Texas. A quick search on ClinicialTrials.gov shows this information, further proving that the FDA has been able to provide patients the required access they need, ensuring the environment that they are receiving the drug they need is safe. My understanding of the situation is that the company running the clinical trial distanced themselves from Dr. Delpassand after these failed inspections. Without company support, and without the FDA’s permission to open an EAP, Dr. Delpassand had to use the state legislation to provide drug to his patients. Questions remain, however, such as how Dr. Delpassand paid for the product he was giving his patients, did patients themselves have to pay for that drug supply (which isn’t allowed under the Texas RTT law) and who, if anyone, was overseeing the program to ensure safety of the patients, especially after multiple infractions were seen during the failed FDA inspection. Most important, it should be noted that the FDA process here worked exactly how it is supposed to. A lab was inspected for safety to ensure patients are looked after in the appropriate fashion. That inspection placed a hold on further treating of patients due to numerous infractions. The FDA worked with the company to ensure access for patients across the USA in 42 different sites, helping to monitor adverse events while also allowing the product to advance to approval. That product was approved by the FDA in January 2018. Also importantly, RTT was used because it was the only way for Dr. Delpassand to treat patients in his clinic after it failed inspection. RTT is a loophole designed to allow people who cannot otherwise follow safety rules set forth by the FDA that are meant to protect vulnerable patients. It’s not being used—anywhere—to provide patients with hope or access to lifesaving drugs. One final note, and one that I’ve not see mentioned anywhere. HR 5247 includes the name of a young child—a brave child battling Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy—named Jordan McLinn. Jordan has been photographed numerous times with Vice President Pence, and is often used as an example of why Right to Try is needed. The problem with these optics is that Jordan has never received any treatment under Right to Try, even though Right to Try has been available in his state of Indiana for 3 years. He already has access to the lifesaving treatment he needs—through an FDA approved clinical trial. He’s doing well on that trial drug, as I understand it, and receives all the benefits of FDA oversite to ensure his safety on that trial. In essence, the child used to promote RTT is the perfect example of why the FDA process works and is needed. The true reality is that the landscape for access to medications for dying patients does not change tomorrow if a Federal Right to Try law is passed today. Very clearly, those patients in dire need of help today will wake up tomorrow needing access to the same life saving treatments, and feel the same despair because they will not be getting the access they need through Right to Try. The barrier to that access here isn’t the FDA, and no Right to Try law enacted by lawmakers in this country is going to remove the true barrier—pharmaceutical companies. The gatekeepers to these medications are the pharmaceutical companies themselves, and we need to be working collaboratively as a team—Industry, Government, physicians, and Patients—to craft solutions that will work for everyone, keeping in mind that we are all on the same side, that we all want the same thing—broad and expeditious access to lifesaving medications for patients in need. I understand how difficult this is for patients—I see it every day, and I feel it every night as I check in on my son (who is battling his own devastating and very rare disease) to make sure he is still breathing, to make sure he is still with us. But I also understand that the change we all need will not come with Right to Try. It will come through collaboration with all stakeholders and by providing companies the safety and assurances they need to make their medications available to our dying patients. Lawmakers should be spending their time helping make that collaboration happen because that is how we are going to save our dying patients. They should not spin their wheels passing legislation like Right to Try that looks good, and feels good, but will do nothing for those in need. If they do, they are doing a disservice to a large and very vulnerable group of patients now and in the future, my own son, my own hero Isaac, included. Thank you for your time on this matter. Sincerely, ANDREW MCFADYEN , Executive Director, The Isaac Foundation. 
Dr. Delpassand claims to have used right to try because FDA would not allow him to do expanded access. And this was for a very good reason. FDA placed a clinical hold on a study, due to the fact that his clinic was not reporting serious, adverse events, as required; and he continued to enroll patients, despite the clinic hold. The work of Dr. Delpassand’s study was associated with 40 deaths and 2 hospitalizations. FDA’s clinical hold on Dr. Delpassand’s work is a sign to me that FDA’s expanded access pathway was working to prevent bad actors from continuing to expose vulnerable patients to experimental treatments. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5247 is dangerous for our patients. It is an unprecedented attempt to roll back the FDA’s oversight of investigational treatments. I urge my colleagues to stand with more than 100 organizations that have come forward to oppose this misguided and, I believe, harmful legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ), one of the authors of the bill. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman WALDEN , Mr. BURGESS , Mr. G RIFFITH , and my friends ANDY BIGGS and Senator J OHNSON for their unflinching commitment to see right to try debated, passed, and signed into law. Moreover, I thank the overwhelming bipartisan majority of the House, who, just last week, supported the Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act, and proved emphatically that right to try is about more than politics. It is about hope. Each year, thousands of Americans receive a lifealtering diagnosis of a terminal illness. Even with the amazing work done in American medical research and development, for too many families, access to these potentially lifesaving treatments will come too late or not at all. b1315 As their Representatives, we should each endeavor to support these individuals in their time of need, as well as support new pathways to potentially lifesaving treatment. That is what right to try is all about. For those patients caught between traditional drug approval delays, a clinical trial process for which they do not qualify and limited time, right to try simply establishes the freedom for patients and their doctors to try therapies where the benefits far outweigh the risks. It gives them the option of trying to save their life. Although the FDA has a program that allows terminal patients to apply for early access to a promising treatment, right to try is needed because the FDA compassionate use process doesn’t help enough people. Moreover, the application process is complicated, time consuming, and expensive. Only about 1,200 people each year can make it through the application process. In 2014, more than 12,000 people in France were using investigational 
GROUPS OPPOSED TO RIGHT TOTRY LEGISLATION  ADNP Kids Research Foundation; AIDS Action Baltimore; Alliance for Aging Research; Alliance for Regenerative Medicine; American Academy of Neurology; American Association of Justice; American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network; American Lung Association; American Society of Clinical Oncology; American Syringomyelia and Chiari Alliance Project; Amyloidosis Support Groups; Association for Creatine Deficiencies; Benign Essential Blepharospasm Research Foundation; Biomarin; Bonnie J. Addario Lung Cancer Foundation; Breast Cancer Action; Bridge the Gap—SYNGAP Education and Research Foundation CancerCare; Cancer Prevention and Treatment Fund; Charlotte and Gwenyth Gray Foundation to Cure Batten Disease. Children’s Cause for Cancer Advocacy; Children’s Cardiomyopathy Foundation; Congenital Hyperinsulinism International; CurePSP; Cutaneous Lymphoma Foundation; Cystic Fibrosis Foundation; Defeat MSA; The Desmoid Tumor Research Foundation; The Disability Rights Legal Center; Dupl5q Alliance; Dysautonomia Foundation; Equal Access for Rare Disorders; Fight Colorectal Cancer; FORCE: Facing Our Risk of Cancer Empowered; Former FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg; Former FDA Commissioner Robert Califf; Friedreich’s Ataxia Research Alliance (FARA); Friends of Cancer Research; Georgia State University College of Law; The Global Foundation for Peroxisomal Disorders. Glutl Deficiency Foundation; The Guthy Jackson Charitable Foundation; Hemophilia Federation of America; Hematology/Oncology Pharmacy Association; HLRCC Family Alliance; Hope for Hypothalamic Hamartomas; Hyper IgM Foundation, Inc.; International Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva (FOP) Association; International Myeloma Foundation; International Pemphigus and Pemphigoid Foundation; International Society for Stem Cell Research; International Waldenstrom’s Macroglobulinemia Foundation (IWMF); The Isaac Foundation; Jack McGovern Coats’ Disease Foundation; The LAM Foundation; The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society; Lymphoma Research Foundation; Li Fraumeni Syndrome Association (LFS Association/LFSA); LUNGevity Foundation; Max Cure Foundation. M–CM Network; Mattie Miracle Cancer Foundation; MitoAction; MLD Foundation; Moebius Syndrome Foundation; The MSA Awareness Shoe; Mucolipidosis Type IV Foundation; The Myelin Project; Myotonic Dystrophy Foundation; National Brain Tumor Society; National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship; National Comprehensive Cancer Network; National Consumers League; National Health Council; National MPS Society; National NiemannPick Disease Foundation; National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD); National Patient Advocate Foundation; National Physicians Alliance; National PKU Alliance. National PKU News; National Women’s Health Network; Neurofibromatosis Northeast; NYU Langone Health; Operation ASHA; Our Bodies Ourselves; PRP Alliance, Inc.; Prevent Cancer Foundation; Public Citizen; Rare and Undiagnosed Network (RUN); Sarcoma Foundation of America; Scleroderma Foundation; The SnyderRobinson Foundation; Sofia Sees Hope; SSADH Association. Susan G. Komen; TargetCancer Foundation; Treatment Action Group; The Turner Syndrome Society; TMJA (Temporomandibular Joint Disorders patient organization); United Leukodystrophy Foundation; United Mitochondrial Disease Foundation (UMDF); University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine; Veterans Health Council; Vietnam Veterans of America; VHL Alliance; Washington Advocates for Patient Safety; Woody Matters; Worldwide Syringomyelia & Chiari Task Force; Yale School of Public Health. 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, it opens the door for bad actors to take advantage of terminally ill patients. It is the FDA’s job to ensure that drugs are safe and effective, and we can’t trust manufacturers to act as this gatekeeper. There is already a safe process for terminally ill patients to access experimental treatments. Under what is called the expanded access program, 99 percent of applications are approved. The expanded access program plays a vital safety role. I am very troubled by what can happen to patients in some States who undergo treatment from righttotry companies. In 19 States, patients using an investigational drug could actually lose their hospice coverage; in 6 States, they could be denied home care coverage. These are the very people who are dependent on hospice and home healthcare, and this bill would cause them to lose that coverage. This is not a humane, patientcentered bill for people who are facing death; it is just a dangerous pathway for bad actors to exploit those very people. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 5247, and, again, I thank the gentleman for the opportunity to speak against this piece of legislation. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I am pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ), the chairman of the full committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the patients, the patients who face terminal diagnoses but have exhausted all available known treatment options. Before us today we have legislation that received 260 bipartisan votes last week; that was nearly 260 votes to increase patient access to investigational drugs through a new pathway. I want to thank Dr. BURGESS for his incredible work on our Energy and Commerce Committee to do our due diligence, to take an issue that is important to our citizens and our colleagues and make sure that it has been properly vetted, reviewed, and improved upon from what we got from the Senate. Mr. Speaker, 38 States have rightto try laws, including my own State of Oregon. This is something that people want and deserve. Wisconsin will make it number 39 once the bill they have passed gets across Governor Scott Walker’s desk. While the State policies vary, they have a common goal, and that is helping vulnerable patients. President Trump praised the movement during 
the State of the Union, saying: ‘‘People who are terminally ill should not have to go from country to country to seek a cure—I want them to have a chance right here at home.’’ I have spoken to the President directly about what we are doing here, and he gave me a shoutout when he was up in New Hampshire the other day about moving this bill forward. We worked closely with the Vice President and his team and with Scott Gottlieb, who is the doctor who heads the FDA, the Food and Drug Administration, to get a really good, thoughtful product before this House, and they support what we are doing here. President Trump also highlighted this bill, as I said, when he was in New Hampshire. It is important to note that this isn’t the first time we have considered this bill. As you may know, last week, we tried to move this on the suspension calendar, never imaging that the Democrats would actually whip against giving dying patients the right to try one of these drugs. We had 32 Democrats support this legislation, and that is why we brought it back under regular order in a rule today. Now, today, there is an existing process, and you have heard about it—and we looked at this in the committee— for patients to access unapproved drugs. The FDA oversees expanded access, commonly known as compassionate use. This program has been critical in helping patients access experimental drugs. It does work. Commissioner Gottlieb and the agency should be commended for their continued work to improve the expanded access program for patients. As you have heard from my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, this program works, and works effectively, but it doesn’t do it all, and that is why this legislation is before us. To improve upon this successful program, the bill before us today provides liability protections for manufacturers, sponsors, physicians, clinical investigators, and hospitals that participate in the existing expanded access program and the new alternative pathway that we create under this legislation. This was a very big issue for those who needed to be brought into participation who otherwise might have sat on the sidelines and never made these drugs available. This provision removes one of the biggest hurdles that patients face and that was identified by the Government Accountability Office; it is the biggest hurdle they face in getting access to experimental therapies: manufacturers’ hesitancy to participate. That is the hurdle we are trying to overcome today in a safe way. The bill also creates a new alternative pathway for patients who do not qualify for a clinical trial. This legislation strengthens patient protections with clearer informed consent and adverse event reporting. The bill also ensures the FDA is notified when a patient receives an unapproved drug through the new alternative pathway to ensure proper oversight. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues in the House, and especially Dr. BURGESS on the Health Subcommittee, but also Representative BRIAN FITZPATRICK ; ANDYBIGGS, who is behind me; MORGAN GRIFFITH ; and our Vice President, MIKE PENCE . I am grateful for their work and for their understanding that our job here in the House is to do our work: to hear from people who are affected or might be affected, to improve upon products, to go through regular order, and to bring this bill to you today. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues in the House to support this legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MATSUI ). Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 5247, the socalled righttotry legislation. This bill does not give patients the right to try; rather, it gives patients the right to request, which fails to address real barriers to accessing experimental drugs such as drug costs or company restrictions. I will reiterate that patients already have the right to try through an expedited process that approves 99 percent of requests it receives. This legislation, however, fails to recognize that, if a patient is denied access, it is usually because a drug manufacturer says no due to manufacturer concerns about safety or side effects, not because the FDA denied a request. I know, like everyone else, I have heard from many constituents suffering from terminal illnesses such as ALS who are desperate for cures; and I believe that every single one of us in this Chamber has confronted, in some way, a family member—mother, father, spouse—who had, heartbreakingly, an illness that had no cure. We have gone through the process many times, and I think we all have felt desperate from time to time. However, having said that, just because a person at the end has no hope, to try something that might make things worse so you cannot go on to a more peaceful resolution would be hurtful not only to the patient, but to the family. Opening up unregulated pathways to drugs after only a phase 1 clinical trial may expose patients to severe and unpredictable side effects. This bill would prevent FDA from documenting these side effects and, worse, would prevent FDA from protecting other patients from a similar fate. When a loved one is in pain, the last thing a family wants is to cause further suffering. We need clinical trials to ensure drugs are safe and effective and to find real cures for patients, and we need the FDA to be a part of the process as a matter of patient protection for all. Rescinding any FDA oversight on unproven therapies that have not undergone multiple clinical trials is a slippery slope. The expedited process we have now is working, and I cannot support a bill that offers a ‘‘right to ask’’ alongside proposals that could be dangerous for all. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH ), a valuable member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, the vice chairman of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I have heard people say that they don’t want to support a bill that makes things worse. We have people who are terminal, whose life expectancy is measured in months, not in decades, and how do you make things worse? I said last week, and I repeat it today, that if I—if, and I am not, thank God—but if I were faced with one of these heartrendering situations, I would take any risk, including injecting monkey urine, if that meant I could spend a few more days, months, or years with my children. b1330 I think many people are in that same boat, and the American people deserve a right to try. When we were doing our hearings on this, we had an Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Health hearing where Lieutenant Commander Matthew Bellina, who graduated from Virginia Tech in my district and served in the United States Navy, testified before us. He said, in the conclusion of his comments: ‘‘I know that it is probably too late for me, and I have made my peace with that. I need to know before I die that, if my children find themselves in this unenviable position, this Nation that I proudly served will respect their liberties and their right to make their own decisions about their medical treatments.’’ He suffered from ALS, as I said. I have had three friends during my lifetime die of that: Ray Robrecht, my predecessor a couple terms back in the Virginia House of Delegates; Julie Mullins, whose family I have known for decades; and Mike Ahern, who was connected with the United States Senate through his sister. All of these folks were people who lived in Salem County or Roanoke County, and they all died from ALS. They were all brave people. They should have had the right to try to see if they could make an improvement for others. Even more poignant are my family friends who lost both a grandparent and their mother to Huntington’s chorea. I was their family lawyer. I did their will. I would like to believe, and I know they would have liked the option, that their mother would have chosen the right to try, knowing that, even if it failed, it might help another generation because, as you know, Huntington’s chorea is a genetically transmitted disease. 
So I do not understand why people are afraid of letting people try who have no other hope, whose life is going to be cut short, without taking that Hail Mary pass. And so I hope that everyone will support this reasonable, measured effort to let people have a choice and a right to try. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to explain some other reasons why I am very opposed to this bill. I am concerned that H.R. 5247 essentially does nothing to address what may be the true barrier to expanded access, and that is the determination by the manufacturer as to whether or not they will provide access to their product that is under development. And I want to stress, there is nothing in this legislation before us today that would compel a manufacturer to grant access upon request. Further, I believe that trusted manufacturers like J&J, or Johnson & Johnson, which is headquartered in my district, have already said that any compassionate use request must be subject to FDA review. Now, I have heard my colleagues refer to this as a Hail Mary pass for the terminally ill. I think, in reality, it is offering false hope of a cure to patients and their families when there is no guarantee that any patient will receive access to treatment from a manufacturer. In fact, H.R. 5247 sets an extremely low threshold for the types of experimental treatments that may be available through this alternative pathway by allowing patients access to investigational treatments that have only completed a phase 1 clinical trial. Patients will be exposed to treatments with no or relatively little data that they are actually effective. These extremely small trials only examine the safety and toxicity of a drug and do not determine the effectiveness or potential side effects. Access at this phase 1 stage in the development could expose patients to untested products and further harm and result in delaying access to a treatment that may be more appropriate and more beneficial for their underlying disease or condition. Only 1 in 10 products move on from phase 1 clinical trials to FDA approval. Mr. Speaker, the bill does not make any adverseevent reporting to the FDA immediate. It also limits FDA’s ability to use clinical outcomes associated with the use of an investigational product when reviewing a product for approval if it could adversely impact its review. It also prevents any entity from being held liable for use of the treatment. Again, these are some of the many reasons that more than 100 organizations oppose this dangerous bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ), another valuable member of the Committee On Energy and Commerce and the Subcommittee on Health. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, the righttotry legislation will be considered on the House floor today. This is about giving people hope to try. It is about hope to try investigational drugs which have passed the first of three phases of the FDA clinical trial process, the safety testing phase. And these investigational drugs could possibly prolong or save the lives of terminally ill patients. I like to remind my colleagues that a little boy was in Washington, D.C., on the House floor just last week when we first voted on this legislation. Prior to that vote, I had met Jordan during an Energy and Commerce Committee hearing focusing on the implementation of the 21st Century Cures Act. Jordan McLinn is a second grader from Indianapolis who may look like any other healthy child, but he has Duchenne muscular dystrophy, or DMD, a fatal, degenerative condition which causes muscle weakness. DMD is caused by an absence of dystrophin, a protein that helps keep muscle cells intact. Oftentimes, kids born with DMD are wheelchairbound by age 12, and they have a life expectancy of just 25 years old. DMD is a genetic disease that is typically passed on to boys through their mother’s X chromosome. But sometimes the mother is not a carrier, there is no family history of the disease, but a child is born with the disease anyway. This is what happened to Jordan McLinn. His mother, Laura, is not a carrier. This disease does not run in their family. Jordan was born with DMD, but it was not diagnosed until he was 4 years old. So can you imagine what this family has been through? After Jordan was diagnosed, his family hit the ground running, trying to find the best possible treatment options and therapies for people with DMD. His mother, Laura, was quoted in The Indianapolis Star today in an article focused on the righttotry bill saying: ‘‘The reason we have remained on this journey and fighting so hard for it is not necessarily for Jordan immediately. It’s for all the patients that we’ve met along the way.’’ Jordan and his family have been on this journey advocating this fair and compassionate bill in Indiana and beyond for Jordan but also for so many others. In 2015, thenGovernor MIKE PENCE signed Indiana’s righttotry law with Jordan McLinn by his side. Now a total of 38 States have already passed laws that take a variety of approaches to helping vulnerable patients. By passing this legislation in the House today, we will increase access—nationwide—to unapproved, investigational drugs for patients with a terminal illness. In that same IndyStar article I mentioned earlier, Laura shared that Jordan has always wanted to be a firefighter, but now, after coming to the Nation’s Capital many times, he has aspirations to be something else. He now wants to be President of the United States. This bill allows Jordan to have those big dreams, and it will be providing patients across this country with hope. Yes, it is hope, hope for patients that they may find the cure someday that they have been searching and fighting for, hope for patients and their families that there will be more time to make more memories that can last a lifetime. In closing, I would just like to emphasize how critically important it is that Congress join together to support the bill for the millions of Americans who fight for their lives because of a terminal illness. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New Jersey has 151⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENE GREEN ), the ranking member of the Health Subcommittee. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank my ranking member for yielding to me. I rise in opposition to the righttotry legislation that would bypass the Food and Drug Administration’s longstanding review and oversight of drug treatments and endanger patients with lifethreatening diseases. Many States have passed this right totry piece of legislation, including my home State of Texas, but the States don’t have the FDA. The Federal Government has the right to be able to make sure we can protect both constituents and consumers. My heart goes out to the loved ones who are terminally ill and desperate for a breakthrough treatment. I cannot support legislation that offers false hope to the terminally ill and their families. The FDA has a pathway whereby those in need of investigational medications may seek to obtain them. This program is known as the expanded access pathway, or compassionate use, and has been in the law since 1987. Over the last decade, the FDA has a clinical hold on only two commercial drug development programs due to adverse events associated with compassionate use. There are many patient advocacy groups that are opposing this legislation. Groups such as the Alliance for Aging Research, the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network, American Lung Association, the American Society of Clinical Oncology, the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, Defeat MSA, the Disability Rights Legal Center, and dozens more that are committed to seeking effective treatment cures to many diseases which are terminal, are against this bill. These patients’ rights groups seek to ensure that the medication that is offered to individuals is safe, has been tested, and has gone 
through the proper approval process before it is given to a patient. The most vulnerable and terminally ill individuals deserve to have access to safe therapies that have undergone the necessary approval process before being given to those who can least afford to receive unproven treatment that may do them more harm than good. In addition to the physical harm which unproven treatments may cause, there is also the risk of financial exploitation of terminally ill patients given that such treatments are not covered by insurance. Manufacturers are not required to cover the cost of investigational treatment. The majority’s decision to go around our committee’s consideration and effort to pass the bill on suspension last week exemplifies what this legislation is trying to do, circumvent existing rules and processes that have been created to protect Americans from hasty decisions. I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stand up for Americans facing serious and lifethreatening diseases by opposing this unnecessary and potentially dangerous legislation. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. BIGGS), one of the primary drivers on this legislation. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding. I also pay my respects and give honor to RONJOHNSON , the Senator from Wisconsin who championed the bill in the Senate and gave us a superb bill; also, Chairman WALDEN and his committee, who have worked hard to give us this bill today; and my original cosponsor on the bill that I introduced, Mr. FITZPATRICK from Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I want to address just a couple of things that I think are really intriguing to me because it certainly seems a bit condescending to me when I hear people say: I am not going to support this because it gives false hope that people might be taken advantage of by bad actors. They cannot identify the bad actors, but they might be taking advantage of them. That is a fallacious and specious argument to make when you are denying people who have a terminal illness, who have been diagnosed with a terminal illness, who have gone through the already approved FDA processes in order to get and petition a pharmaceutical company for an experimental drug that might prolong their life and might heal them. False hope, that argument, is the argument that I am hearing. But the reality is these people are individuals. They have a higher sense of reality than virtually anybody else I know because their mortality is there. They want the opportunity. It is not false hope. It is hope. Support of this bill is compassionate. Support of this bill is fair. I have also heard that there may be some liability issues on the part of pharmaceutical companies which might impede them from providing drugs. Yet, in order to satisfy them, the bill itself says that they are exculpated unless their conduct is willful or criminal. That means that they have protection. What I am asking here today, and what everyone with whom I have met over the years who want a right to try is asking, is simply a chance to have some determination and control over their own lives. b1345 One of the intriguing arguments I hear today and I heard last week is, well, you know what, the pharmaceutical companies aren’t compelled to provide these drugs. So my immediate question is: Oh, so you would be more comfortable, then, if we would have included a compulsory means in the bill? Did you want the pharmaceutical companies to be compelled to provide these? The answer would be no. It is simply they don’t like this bill. They don’t want the bill. When you have 38, soon to be 39, States that want to give their citizens, Americans all, the right to try to preserve their lives and to be healed and have a chance, they need to get that; they need that opportunity. We need to give it to them today. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, there has been a lot of misinformation spread by supporters of this legislation that FDA is a barrier to patients receiving access to these investigational treatments, and I want to be very clear that that is simply not the case. FDA’s expanded access program approves nearly all requests for investigational drugs or biologics it receives. For the past 5 years, FDA’s approval rate for expanded access requests has been over 99 percent. In fiscal year 2017, as I previously mentioned, only nine individual requests were denied. FDA also conducts its review quickly. FDA physicians are available 24 hours a day to approve any emergency expanded access requests the agency receives, typically granting emergency requests immediately, over the phone, and nonemergency requests in a median time of 4 days and, generally, no longer than 30 days. FDA has also taken actions to streamline the expanded access request process for physicians to make it less burdensome. I think that was mentioned by Mr. WALDEN , the chairman. Pharmaceutical companies can choose to deny a patient access to an experimental treatment because, for example, there is not enough of the drug available or they are concerned about dangerous side effects. The fact is, when a patient is denied access to an experimental treatment, it is because the company has said no, not the FDA. So let’s be clear as to what this legislation is. It is an attempt to undermine the authority of the expert public health agency charged with reviewing drugs to ensure their safety and efficacy. I would urge my colleagues to oppose this grab at FDA’s authority. That is really what this legislation is all about. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5247, the Right to Try Act, and I thank Dr. BURGESS and the Energy and Commerce Committee for bringing this important legislation to the floor of this House. In certain States across our Nation, patients who are diagnosed as terminally ill are being told by doctors that all of the treatment options have been exhausted because they do not have access to experimental drugs. This type of overregulation by the Federal Government is creating hopeless situations for thousands of Americans whom we hold dearest to our hearts. This righttotry legislation allows terminal patients to have a choice on whether or not an experimental approach is the path for them, as sometimes, and many times, this is their only option. Should this bill become Federal law, our terminally ill patients will have increased access, nationwide, to unapproved drugs, leading to more scientific breakthroughs that will benefit all Americans and, in lots of cases, will save a life. Now is the time for Congress to take action and give terminally ill patients a fighting chance for their Godgiven right to life. How in God’s name can this Congress deny an American the right to life? Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to join me today in supporting this bill on this floor. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I said before that I have found that some Members were looking to vote for this bill because they said: Well, we have the right to try in our State by State statute, so what is the difference if we do it on the Federal level? I just want to stress again that the State righttotry laws do not give patients a right to try effectively and have done little to expand access to investigational treatments. There are 37 States and the District of Columbia that have enacted right totry laws, and there is no evidence that anyone has obtained an investigational treatment via these laws that couldn’t have been obtained through FDA’s expanded access program. Righttotry laws do not compel companies to provide patients access to investigational treatments; therefore, under these State laws, patients still do not have a right to try, only the 
right to request the treatment from the company. State righttotry laws do not address the fundamental barriers of cost and company restrictions. Neither the FDA nor States require insurers or pharmaceutical companies to cover the cost or reduce the costs of these often expensive treatments. Instead, these laws put patients at higher risk by prohibiting or weakening FDA’s oversight of investigational treatments. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE), the chairman of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5247, the Right to Try Act. I am a physician and scientist with over 40 years experience treating patients, some of whom had the dreaded diagnosis of cancer. Six months ago, I was operated on for cancer, and I, to this day, am a cancer survivor. If needed, I would like to have the right to try. A little over 3 years ago, my beloved wife, Pam Roe, a nurse and friend, died of stage IV colon cancer. She would have liked to have had the right to try. Less than 2 months after that, one of the best friends I will ever have in my life, Phil Street, a Vietnam veteran, Air Force veteran, died of a cancer related to Agent Orange. Phil would have liked to have had the right to try. My senior partner in medical practice, a year later, good friend, was diagnosed with brain cancer. Dr. Cone would have liked the right to try. Shortly after that, Linda Baines, a scrub nurse that I have operated with hundreds of times in my medical practice, was diagnosed with cancer. Linda would have liked the right to try. I have two dear friends at this moment who are both being treated for stage IV cancer. If those treatments don’t work—and I have had to look patients in the eye and say, Mr. Speaker: ‘‘Your life is not in my hands anymore. It is in God’s hands’’—they would like to have the right to try. I tell you this: all these patients want and deserve is a right to try. Please, I am asking you to support this legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time remains and whether the gentleman has additional speakers on his side. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I will be closing. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New Jersey has 9 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 3
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I just want to stress that, as I said before, we have the four previous FDA Commissioners, two Democrats and two Republicans appointed by President Bush, who have raised serious concerns about this legislation because it excludes FDA review and they think could pose serious risks to vulnerable patients. I just wanted to read, once again, a statement that they made jointly to The Washington Post, where they said: ‘‘There is no evidence that either bill would meaningfully improve access for patients, but both would remove the FDA from the process and create a dangerous precedent that would erode protections for vulnerable patients.’’ Mr. Speaker, I just want to stress to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle that my concern is that no one is actually going to be able to get an experimental drug by this bill. In other words, if you are a manufacturer that actually has done something and come up with an experimental drug that you believe will make a difference to someone who is terminally ill, you are likely going to want to go through the FDA expanded access process because then there is a seal of approval that the FDA has actually looked at this and said that it is relatively safe to use. So my real fear is that the only thing this is going to do is open up to the possibility of some charlatan, flyby night snake oil drug company or manufacturer who is going to make all kinds of claims that have not been reviewed by the FDA for any kind of safety, and that then people may say: Okay. Well, I will take that because I am terminally ill and I might as well try something. But that isn’t really what we should be doing here. We should be providing a process, as the FDA does right now, where, if someone is terminally ill and they want to try something, they at least have some certification of approval by the FDA that this is something that may help them, that may make a difference, and that, in the case of about 11 percent of the cases where the application is made to the FDA, some changes are made to make sure that even though there is a certain level of risk, that that level of risk is reduced by the FDA putting on additional safety precautions. So my real concern here is I don’t want people to vote for this legislation thinking that somehow it is going to make a difference. I really don’t believe that is true. Otherwise, I wouldn’t urge the opposition that I am. But for all these reasons, I do urge strong opposition to this bill and ask that my colleagues vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, during the rule debate on this bill, I outlined a case where the previous Speaker, NANCY PELOSI , provided the right to try for a patient, a Democratic donor, back in my home State of Texas. So, really, all we are asking today is that we give regular Americans, the forgotten men and women of this country, the same rights that the Speaker of the House provided to a Democratic donor back in October of 2008. Yesterday I quoted from an article from the Dallas Morning News. I have a different but similar article today talking about the same case, talking about the individual who had a diagnosis of multiple myeloma. There was a drug that perhaps would provide some hope. The individual was clearly terminal. This monoclonal antibody that was primarily used to treat multiple sclerosis might show some efficacy in treating the advanced form of multiple myeloma that this patient had. The drug had been through phase 1 clinical trials. The patient did not have time for the drug to go through phase 2 and phase 3 clinical trials. The article says: Enter Nancy Pelosi. Through means to which we have never been privy, Ms. Pelosi got the FDA to give the manufacturer the allclear to give the drug to the patient. The patient got the drug, the patient took the drug, but, unfortunately, the patient died anyway, but his family remains grateful to the Speaker for interceding on his behalf. 
I don’t doubt that they are. Yesterday, I quoted the Dallas Morning News article where the patient’s spouse said, somehow, NANCY PELOSI  got it done. Well, do you know what, Mr. Speaker? You shouldn’t have to depend on the Speaker of the House to intercede on your behalf to get the FDA to get the manufacturer to make a drug available. If you are really up against a bad situation, wouldn’t it be better if we provided everyone that same pathway? That is what this bill does today. That is why the righttotry legislation was advocated by the President of the United States. In fact, I think it was the only legislative priority that the President laid out during his State of the Union Address where he wanted to see Congress act. So today, we are going to do that. Today, we are going to act. It is an important bill. I encourage my colleagues to vote in favor of it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 787, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. b1400 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. PALLONE. I am opposed to the bill in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. 
Mr. Pallone moves to recommit the bill H.R. 5247 to the Committee on Energy and Commerce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: Strike section 2 and insert the following: 
how allowing patients access to drugs that are still under development may impact their ability to gain full FDA approval. It will also ensure that there is a public process for such guidance, ensuring that stakeholders will have the opportunity to offer their views on this issue. Mr. Speaker, the motion to recommit also provides liability protection to manufacturers, physicians, clinical investigators, and hospitals, if they are in compliance with the current law and regulations for expanded access. If you are a manufacturer, a physician, or a hospital that is in compliance with current rules and requirements related to expanded access, you will receive protection for allowing access to the investigational treatment. Finally, it also provides transparency around the number of expanded access requests the FDA receives and grants, how many requests a manufacturer receives and grants, and if there are any serious adverse events. This transparency, I believe, will provide clear data as to how many patients are making expanded access requests and how often these requests are granted or denied by the FDA and manufacturers. Mr. Speaker, I believe that these legislative fixes will go a long way to bolstering the existing successful expanded access pathway, while maintaining the critical review and oversight of the agency charged with protecting our public health, that being the FDA. I just want to say that, last fall, FDA Commissioner Gottlieb testified on righttotry efforts and told our committee: ‘‘There is a perception that certain products that aren’t being offered under FDA expanded access will be offered under righttotry, and I don’t see that.’’ That is our current Commissioner Gottlieb, who I respect a great deal. Rather than creating an unnecessary alternative pathway that threatens our drug approval process and our clinical trial program, I would urge my colleagues to join with Democrats and 103 patient organizations in supporting the current expanded access program. These targeted improvements under the motion to recommit to the existing program are, I think, a way to achieve a better goal. So I urge my colleagues to support my motion to recommit and oppose this, what I consider, dangerous Republican proposal in the bill before us. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, while wellintentioned, this motion to recommit falls short of providing vulnerable patients full access to experimental treatments. Providing clarity on how negative side effects will be accounted for during drug approvals is helpful. Giving manufacturers, sponsors, physicians, hospitals, and clinical investigators certainty on liability protections is meaningful. Taken together, these improvements to the existing expanded access program could lead to enhanced manufacturer and sponsor participation and increased patient access. But this would not provide an alternative pathway for patients who cannot get into a clinical trial and have been rejected from participation in the existing compassionate use program. This bill before us today does provide an alternative pathway, one that strengthens patient protections with clearer informed consent and realtime adverse event reporting. This bill—the underlying bill—also makes certain that the FDA is notified when a patient receives an unapproved drug through the new alternative pathway to ensure proper oversight. These are significant patient protections. With this motion to recommit, we have a choice. The underlying bill is the only choice that gives those patients in the greatest need of help access to investigational drugs, with their consent, even after they were rejected from participating in a clinical trial or expanded access. Mr. Speaker, the choice is clear. We need to vote to expand patient access. We need to vote down the motion to recommit. We need to vote for the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
b2115 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ) at 9 o’clock and 15 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 267, noes 149, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larson (CT) Latta Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—149 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Connolly Courtney Crowley Davis (CA) DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer 
Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Peters Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Clay Cramer Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio Jones Kelly (IL) Pingree Rooney, Francis Rush Sarbanes Walz Waters, Maxine 
b2153 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Tennessee will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. COHEN. Would it be appropriate to announce to the House that there is a discharge petition at the desk for H.R. 4669 to give Mr. Mueller due process rights in case he is fired for other than good cause? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman is not stating a proper parliamentary inquiry. 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING LIEUTENANT COMMANDER JAMES BRICE JOHNSON AND LIEUTENANT CALEB NATHANIEL KING (Mr. TAYLOR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the lives of Lieutenant Commander James Brice Johnson and Lieutenant Caleb Nathaniel King, who gave the ultimate sacrifice during a training exercise last week as their Virginia Beachbased squadron was training off the coast of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman CURBELO for organizing this moment and all the help from the great people of the 26th District of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am not naive to the fact that my words today don’t hold a candle to the pain, the grieving, the questioning, and perhaps some anger from the families, friends, and teammates, how they may be feeling. But today we are here with you, we pray with you, Victoria and Rain, Darrell and Robin, Mary, Charles and Kathryn, and we feel your pain. However, we must honor them. We must speak out as a grateful nation for the sacrifice these valiant men and their loved ones made for us, for freedom. They died in the full strength and vigor of their youth, and they represent the profound power of our country and its unbroken line of patriots who understand the risks, but time and time again step forward to serve a cause greater than themselves. They are part of the very fabric of our land, and they inspire not only us, but our descendants for generations to come. Indeed, there is nothing small about the big task it takes to defend freedom, peace, and our way of life. And this may be equally dangerous during training, peace, or war. But in this heartache, there is hope. We are better because they have lived. On behalf of a grateful Congress, community, and country, we give thanks and our sincerest condolences to the men and women of the fighting Blacklions from Squadron 213, to the friends and to the families of Lieutenant Commander Johnson and Lieutenant King. Rest easy now, boys. Mr. Speaker, I now request the House observe a moment of silence in honor of Lieutenant Commander Johnson and Lieutenant King. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members and guests in the gallery, please rise for a moment of silence. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 216, noes 192, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 19, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Beatty Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Cook Cooper Cuellar Culberson Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Engel Eshoo Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Issa Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Kaptur Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lewis (MN) Lipinski Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Norman Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palmer Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pocan Polis Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Scalise Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions SheaPorter Sherman Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Speier Stefanik Stewart Thornberry Titus Trott Tsongas Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) NOES—192 
Allen Amash Babin Barraga´n Barton Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buck Burgess Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Castor (FL) Clarke (NY) Coffman Conaway Connolly Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Curbelo (FL) Davidson Delaney Denham DeSantis Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Emmer Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Fitzpatrick Flores Foxx Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gohmert Gomez Gosar Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huizenga Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kihuen Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Knight LaHood 
Lance Langevin Latta Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Love Lowenthal Lowey Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Mast McEachin McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Moore Neal Noem Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Palazzo Pallone Panetta Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Richmond Rogers (AL) Rokita RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Schakowsky Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Shimkus Sinema Sires Soto Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Torres Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wilson (FL) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin 
Clay Clyburn Cramer Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio Grijalva Jones Kelly (IL) Kuster (NH) Meadows Pingree Reichert Rice (NY) Rooney, Francis Rush Sarbanes Walz Waters, Maxine 
b2206 Ms. CLARKE of New York changed her vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns on this legislative day, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. on Thursday, March 22, 2018. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from South Carolina? There was no objection. 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PROCEEDINGS ON MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES THROUGH LEGISLATIVE DAY OF THURSDAY, MARCH 22, 2018 Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that, notwithstanding clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on the questions of agreeing to motions to suspend the rules with regard to H.R. 4227, H.R. 4467, H.R. 5089, and H.R. 5131, may continue to be postponed through the legislative day of Thursday, March 22, 2018. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from South Carolina? There was no objection. SECRET SERVICE RECRUITMENT AND RETENTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 3731) to provide overtime pay for employees of the United States Secret Service, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amendment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Secret Service Recruitment and Retention Act of 2018’’. 
Not later than 1 year after the effective date of this section, the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete a study and submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the extent of the progress made by the United States Secret Service in implementing the recommendations of the United States Secret Service Protective Mission Panel, including in particular those items pertaining to training and personnel enumerated in the Executive Summary to Report from the United States Secret Service Protective Mission Panel to the Secretary of Homeland Security dated December 15, 2014. 
Mr. GOWDY (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from South Carolina? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from South Carolina? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CONGRATULATING THE VICTORY CENTER (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to congratulate The Victory Center for Autism and Related Disabilities on the upcoming completion of its stateoftheart education facility in south Florida. Since its founding in 2000, The Victory Center has excelled at providing children with autism and related disabilities comprehensive individualized treatment and education. For 18 years, the teachers at The Victory Center have achieved amazing success working out of only a handful of rooms on the campus of the MichaelAnn Russell Jewish Community Center in North Miami Beach. This outstanding institution is proud to offer five programs covering a range of services, and it is recognized as one of the top schools for children with autism in the Nation. Mr. Speaker, by opening this brand new facility, The Victory Center will continue to grow and offer a positive and nurturing educational environment. 
Once again, I would like to congratulate everyone at The Victory Center for all that they have accomplished. I thank their staff for helping so many children in our south Florida community achieve their full potential and leave their own beautiful mark on our world. 
CALLING ATTENTION TO THE SUFFERING IN PUERTO RICO (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I am ashamed that our national government seems to have abandoned American citizens of Puerto Rico. Yesterday marked 6 months since Hurricane Maria furiously blew ashore. In those 6 months, more than 1,000 Americans have died because of the storm. In fact, people are still dying in Puerto Rico from causes that are directly related to Hurricane Maria’s impact, and more than 100,000 American citizens in Puerto Rico are still without electricity. Let me tell you, Mr. Speaker, we tend to forget how much we rely on electricity until it goes out. Without electricity, people who rely on respirators must choose between their homes and their health. The elderly, sick people, and newborn babies have to suffer through the heat and cold. Mr. Speaker, if this was happening anywhere else in our country, we would have riots. But instead of action, all Puerto Rico gets are excuses from the national government. 
CONGRATULATING GRANDVIEW HIGH SCHOOL BOYS AND GIRLS BASKETBALL TEAMS (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize both the Grandview High School boys and girls basketball teams. These two teams from Grandview are now the State of Colorado’s 5A high school basketball champions. The Grandview boys basketball team had a spectacular season, finishing the season with an impressive 24–4 record, and the culmination of the season was its firstever boys basketball State Championship title. The Grandview girls basketball team also had a tremendous season, finishing with an equally impressive 25–3 record, and the culmination of its season was its second consecutive girls basketball State Championship title. The teams were led to their respective championship titles by their coaches: Josh Ulitzky for the girls team, and Michael Rogers for the boys team. I also commend these two coaches, their coaching staffs, and all their supporters at Grandview High School for all they have contributed to the success of the school’s boys and girls basketball programs. I am incredibly proud to represent Grandview High School in the United States House of Representatives. Again, congratulations to the Grandview High School girls and boys basketball team on this impressive victory in Colorado’s 5A State Championship. f 
b2215 IN MEMORY OF OFFICER GREGGORY CASILLAS (Ms. JUDY CHU of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor and remember Pomona Police Officer Greggory Casillas, a constituent of mine who was struck down in the line of duty. It was Greggory’s dream to be a police officer. He studied police reports after hours, and he always carried flashcards and books to prepare for the police officer exam. His hard work paid off. Friday, March 9 was the final day of Officer Casillas’ ghost phase, the last day before he went out on his own. As one colleague said: ‘‘I’ve never met someone so eager to become a police officer.’’ Tragically, that was also the day Officer Casillas was shot, trying to make contact with a suspect who had fled the police. Officer Casillas put himself at risk so that we could be safer, and we can never thank him enough. I am so grateful for heroes like Officer Casillas, and I join the hundreds of others who have attended vigils in his honor when I say that he will never be forgotten for his sacrifice. 
RECOGNIZING LIEUTENANT COMMANDER ANDREW PATTERSON (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lieutenant Commander Andrew Patterson, a native of Chittenango, New York, who currently serves as the Chief of Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance Plans/ Operations for the military in Afghanistan. He is the son of Marlene A. Patterson and the late commander, Kenneth F. Patterson, U.S. Navy. Lieutenant Commander Patterson has served in the U.S. Navy Reserves for 12 years, as well as serving with the U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency for 13 years. Stationed in Afghanistan, Lieutenant Commander Andrew Patterson is leading the charge on the intelligence collection operations against the Taliban, working closely with joint regional U.S. military personnel. In today’s era of combat, the role of intelligence plays an especially important role in the success of our military. Lieutenant Commander Andrew Patterson is a true hometown hero. He is an inspiration to all of us and is an exceptional community leader. I would like to extend my gratitude to him for his answer to the call to serve, his bravery, and his dedication to our Nation. I wish him the best of luck as he continues to serve our country. Go Navy. f 
COMMEMORATING NATIONAL AG DAY (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, as a Representative of the salad bowl of the world, the 20th Congressional District in California, I commemorate and celebrate National Ag Day. In my district, the number one industry is agriculture, yes, because of the fertile land, but also because of the fearless attitude of farmers and farmworkers, growers, and families and friends of those in agriculture. Having grown up on the central coast, we understand that the key to their success is based on that willingness to take risk. We know that risk taking attitude is the foundation of our country, but since then, the seed of risk taking has been sown in our culture and spread across our agricultural community. People in agriculture are constantly using that trait to deal with Mother Nature, to overcome government mandates, to transform for the changing market conditions, and to contend with the lack of immigration reform right here in Congress. Nevertheless, with that risktaking attitude, people in agriculture don’t shrink from those challenges; they stand up to them. That is why they not only survive, they succeed. That is why we in Congress shouldn’t just recognize people in agriculture today; we should learn from them every day. 
REFORMING THE POLICY FOR OUR FORESTS (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, the National Environmental Policy Act, NEPA, as it is known, enacted in 1970— I am sure, well intentioned—but time and time and time again, issues that need to be resolved for the people and their assets in this country are thwarted by needless red tape, a lot of times coming from NEPA. Our forests in the West suffer badly— and the people who live near them, from the smoke, from the danger, from the loss of homes, the loss of wildlife— because to do the slightest thing to improve our forest conditions requires NEPA delay. 
In talking to forestry people just today, you can see illustrated in photographs private land that has been recovered right after a forest fire and, indeed, Federal land, because we have to do yet another NEPA on something we should already know and understand— delayed 1, 2, 3 years. And then you don’t have the value left anymore of those trees that were left behind after a fire; therefore, there is never enough money to do the job. Mr. Speaker, we must reform NEPA so it works for the people. 
HONORING BERTEL VAN EEK (Mr. KILMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, at the end of this month, something rather extraordinary will happen: Bertel Van Eek will turn 108 years old. She has been the embodiment of the American Dream and, in some respects, of the importance of the things that happen here. In the midst of debates here about immigration, she reminds us that we are a nation of immigrants. She came to this country as an immigrant after World War II. She was welcomed by the Statue of Liberty and by a country where she built an amazing life. In the midst of debates about retirement security, she reminds us that it is important to have the backs of our seniors. Her husband died in 1981, and her ability to live with dignity for the last 37 years has been closely tied to two of the most successful public policies in the history of this country: Medicare and Social Security. She was born on March 31, 1910—1910. America has had 19 Presidents over that timeframe. As someone who lived in Holland during World War II, she saw the capability and bravery of our military and its members. Imagine all that she has seen over the years. She is going to watch this speech over the internet on a mobile phone. Imagine that. She was born 17 years before movies had sound. But beyond that, her life has been filled with people who love her: a loving daughter who married a guy who calls her ‘‘Mom,’’ four greatgrandchildren who adore her and who are adorable, and three grandkids who consider her a hero. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be one of those grandsons, and I am proud to stand here on the floor of the U.S. House and wish my Oma a happy 108th birthday. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 1625, TARGETED REWARDS FOR THE GLOBAL ERADICATION OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 23, 2018, THROUGH APRIL 9, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–614) on the resolution (H. Res. 796) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1625) to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational organized crime for purposes of the rewards program of the Department of State, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings during the period from March 23, 2018, through April 9, 2018, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 899. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that the requirements that new Federal employees who are veterans with serviceconnected disabilities are provided leave for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disabilities apply to certain employees of the Veterans Health Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs; in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 2030. An act to deem the compliance date for amended energy conservation standards for ceiling fan light kits to be January 21, 2020, and for other purposes. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
[March 22 (legislative day, March 21), 2018] Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 796. Resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1625) to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational organized crime for purposes of the rewards program of the Department of State, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings during the period from March 23, 2018, through April 9, 2018 (Rept. 115–614). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Ms. ROSLEHTINEN (for herself, Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. P OEof Texas, and Mr. KEATING ): H.R. 5357. A bill to amend the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 to require congressional approval of agreements for peaceful nuclear cooperation with foreign countries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH , Mr. J ONES , Mr. GROTHMAN , and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER ): H.R. 5358. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to issue regulations relating to commercial motor vehicle drivers under the age of 21, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. SERRANO , Ms. MENG, Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. S OTO, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. PASCRELL , and Mr. C OURTNEY ): H.R. 5359. A bill to amend title 13, United States Code, to require the Secretary of 
Commerce to provide advance notice to Congress before changing any questions on the decennial census, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 5360. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a credit against tax for qualified special law enforcement officers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 5361. A bill to require that the Secretary of the Treasury establish a program for the issuance of identity protection personal identification numbers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. WALORSKI: H.R. 5362. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modernize and improve the management of Internal Revenue Service information technology; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. COSTA ): H.R. 5363. A bill to safeguard the Crime Victims Fund; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committees on Rules, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. SMITH of Texas): H.R. 5364. A bill to improve security at State and local courthouses; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania (for himself, Ms. MCCOLLUM , and Mr. STIVERS ): H.R. 5365. A bill to amend the Community Services Block Grant Act to reauthorize and modernize the Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. HARTZLER (for herself, Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Ms. HANABUSA ): H.R. 5366. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for certain authorized actions regarding interdiction of unmanned aircraft, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, and Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BIGGS: H.R. 5367. A bill to amend Rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to protect the ‘‘gig economy’’ and small businesses that operate in large part through contractor services from the threat of costly class action litigation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for himself, Mrs. WALORSKI , and Mr. RENACCI ): H.R. 5368. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require that certain tax refunds be made by electronic funds transfer, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. COOPER (for himself, Mr. NORMAN, Mr. B UDD, and Miss R ICEof New York): H.R. 5369. A bill to prohibit the consideration in the House of Representatives of any legislation containing an earmark; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 5370. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to eliminate the IRS Oversight Board; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 5371. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide student loan eligibility for midcareer, parttime students, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MITCHELL: H.R. 5372. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent certain provisions of Public Law 11597, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. LAHOOD, Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. B IGGS): H.R. 5373. A bill to provide support for the production of algae, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POLIS (for himself, Ms. ROS LEHTINEN , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. TAKANO , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. H OYER , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. POCAN , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. JAYAPAL , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Mr. EVANS , Miss R ICE of New York, Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. CRIST, Ms. S HEAPORTER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. P ETERS , Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. PALLONE , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. FOSTER , Mr. H IMES, Mr. K IHUEN , Ms. TITUS, Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. DELBENE, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. DEGETTE , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. F RANKEL  of Florida, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. B ASS, Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. VELA, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mrs. DINGELL , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. SPEIER , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. M OORE , Ms. MATSUI , Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. COHEN , Mr. K ILMER , Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. R OSEN , Ms. LEE, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. T ED LIEUof California, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. COSTA , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. C OOPER , Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. B ERA, Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. DELANEY , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. DELAURO , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. R UIZ, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. O’ROURKE , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. C ASTOR  of Florida, Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. E STY of Connecticut, and Mrs. TORRES ): H.R. 5374. A bill to end discrimination based on actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity in public schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. KELLY  of Pennsylvania, and Mr. BISHOP of Michigan): H.R. 5375. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to submit to Congress a comprehensive customer service strategy for the Internal Revenue Service; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RENACCI: H.R. 5376. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that contractors to whom return information is disclosed comply with confidentiality safeguards; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RENACCI (for himself, Mrs. BLACK , and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan): H.R. 5377. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to make available an internet platform to prepare and file Forms 1099, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SCALISE: H.R. 5378. A bill to require the Federal Communications Commission to conduct a proceeding to determine whether certain activities by licensees of the Commission are undertakings under division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code, or major Federal actions under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FASO: H. Res. 793. A resolution recognizing the importance of the Upper Delaware River in New York State; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. ROSS (for himself and Mrs. WALORSKI ): H. Res. 794. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the national parks, national forests, and public lands and waters of the United States contribute greatly to the economic and physical wellbeing of Americans and can be further improved by publicprivate partnerships; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina (for himself and Mr. NORCROSS ): H. Res. 795. A resolution recognizing the United States role in the evolving energy landscape of the Gulf Cooperation Council countries; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. ROSLEHTINEN: H.R. 5357. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 5358. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5359. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution Congress shall have the power . . . to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 5360. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause I states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . .’’ By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 5361. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mrs. WALORSKI: H.R. 5362. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. Article 1,Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 5363. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution which states that Congress has the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 5364. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: According to the Neccessary and Proper Clause found in Article 1 Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5365. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution which gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and within the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mrs. HARTZLER: H.R. 5366. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: ‘‘clause 3 of section 8 of article 1 of the Constitution,’’ and ‘‘clause 18 of section 8 of article 1 of the Constitution.’’ By Mr. BIGGS: H.R. 5367. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan: H.R. 5368. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 7, Clause 1 stating ‘‘All Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 stating ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to lay and collect Taxes’’ and Clause 18 stating that it has the power to ‘‘make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers.’’ By Mr. COOPER: H.R. 5369. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 5, Clause 2 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 5370. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 5371. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MITCHELL: H.R. 5372. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. PETERS: H.R. 5373. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 5374. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Mr. REED: H.R. 5375. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States of America By Mr. RENACCI: H.R. 5376. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall havePower To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, 
to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. RENACCI: H.R. 5377. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall havePower To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. SCALISE: H.R. 5378. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 754: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 1057: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1150: Mr. FLEISCHMANN . H.R. 1212: Mr. MESSER and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 1276: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 1444: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 1475: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 1478: Mr. CORREA and Mr. G OTTHEIMER . H.R. 1542: Mr. MESSER and Mrs. T ORRES . H.R. 1612: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 1676: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1802: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 1825: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota, and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . H.R. 1928: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 2135: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. NORCROSS , and Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 2147: Mr. MCEACHIN . H.R. 2215: Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 2273: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 2321: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 2345: Mr. SHIMKUS . H.R. 2452: Mr. MCEACHIN and Mr. C ORREA . H.R. 2652: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 2683: Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 2902: Ms. BASS. H.R. 2913: Ms. SA´NCHEZ . H.R. 3030: Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 3220: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 3330: Mr. BANKS of Indiana. H.R. 3378: Mr. WILLIAMS and Mr. L AMALFA . H.R. 3871: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 4137: Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 4143: Ms. BASS. H.R. 4229: Mr. HOLDING and Mr. B RAT. H.R. 4311: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 4491: Mr. MOULTON and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 4525: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4659: Mr. HILLand Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 4763: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4903: Mr. BANKS of Indiana. H.R. 4953: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4970: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 5012: Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. CHABOT , Mr. K INGof Iowa, and Mr. F LORES . H.R. 5058: Mr. COSTA . H.R. 5104: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 5105: Mr. KIND. H.R. 5107: Mr. BRADY of Texas and Mr. BARR. H.R. 5155: Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. C ARSON of In diana, Ms. ESHOO , Mr. K ENNEDY Mr. C ROWLEY, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. R USH, Mr. M CNERNEY, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. M CEACHIN , and Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 5199: Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 5233: Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. C OFFMAN , Ms. MOORE , and Mr. M EEHAN . H.R. 5244: Ms. TSONGAS and Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 5275: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California and Mrs. WALORSKI . H.R. 5281: Mr. WILLIAMS . H.R. 5313: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 5336: Ms. STEFANIK and Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 5345: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H. Res. 756: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Ms. TITUS, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, and Mr. LANGEVIN . H. Res. 763: Mr. RASKIN and Mr. K IND. H. Res. 781: Ms. KAPTUR . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1849 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 21, 2018 No. 49 
The Senate met at 11 a.m. and was called to order by 