Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, January 9, is National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day. It is a time to celebrate everything that our law enforcement men and women do for our communities. While it is important to appreciate their courage and bravery, it is also a time to honor them and thank them for their service. Every single day, police officers go to work not knowing what dangers may lie ahead of them while on the job. They put their lives on the line with a mission to both serve and protect. By the way, these law enforcement personnel are our friends, our neighbors, and even family members. Last year, 128 police officers lost their lives defending the thin blue line. One of them was Officer Bill Mathews of Wayzata, Minnesota. He was certainly well known and part of the fabric of the community. He is missed not only by a loving family—his wife, Shawn, and son, Wyatt—but also by those he worked with and the residents he served while on patrol in neighborhoods. Mr. Speaker, those who serve in law enforcement will often say it is a calling, and we honor that calling of service on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day. 
REMEMBERING DEPUTY SHERIFF DANIEL MCCARTNEY (Mr. HECK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, last night, after many of us went to bed, one of my constituents called 911. It was everyone’s worst nightmare: an intruder in the house. But then a superhero appeared, in the dark and in the cold, in the form of Pierce County Deputy Sheriff Daniel McCartney: a husband, a father of three, and a son. His bravery last night was just one of thousands of times he protected us, having served 10 years in uniform as a police officer and 7 years in the Navy. His bravery last night cost him his life, as he was gunned down by the intruder. We are all shocked and saddened by his loss. We share our grief with his family, friends, and his brothers and sisters in blue. Some of them will do Deputy McCartney’s patrol tonight, in the dark and in the cold, and they will come running when we need them. Not everyone can do what they do. These are special people with special skills and with special abilities. May the life of Deputy Sheriff McCartney remain special to all of us. f 
CONGRATULATING MANVEL MAVERICKS (Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, sometimes life matters by the inch. Last month, for the Manvel Mavericks, their dream came down to 12 inches—1 foot. That is how close they came to winning every football game they played in 2017, including the Texas 5–A Division 1 State Championship. Was Manvel disappointed when they lost? Heck yes. Did we shed some tears? Heck yes. Are we more proud than ever of our guys? Hell yes. That pride comes from how they played, win or lose. An example of our pride is next to me. That is our team listening to our senior quarterback, Kason Martin’s final words as a member of the Mavericks. Kason’s words rang true then, and they ring true for all eternity. He said: I’m forever Manvel. I don’t care what the scoreboard says. We are the champions. Hoka Hey. 
FREEDOM IS NOT PARTISAN (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, freedom is not partisan. Yesterday, on the corner of Post Oak and Westheimer in Houston, Texas, I stood with Iranian Americans, linking arms with them as they protested and petitioned for a free and democratic Iran. I told them that the cries of hunger and economic needs, and the cries of young people who wanted freedom in Iran were my cries, and that we believed in democracy, freedom, and peace, and that we would not leave them alone. So, again, I say to them: We stand not as Democrats and Republicans, but as Americans, wanting for a free government that allows the people’s voices 
to be heard, and that despotic governments have no place in a society that relishes and thirsts after freedom. I want to thank the law enforcement officers who stood by in the cold—yes, the cold in Houston—and allowed for a peaceful protest in this time of honoring them a national law enforcement commemoration. Again, I want to thank them, for they go to places where they are needed and they allow democracy to reign. I will say democracy will reign in Iran, and Iranian Americans are not alone in their quest for freedom, democracy, and peace. 
TRIBUTE TO NORTH DAKOTA STATE UNIVERSITY BISONS (Mr. CRAMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to the North Dakota State University Bisons, who, on Saturday, won their sixth NCAA Division 1 football championship in the last 7 years. When Chris Kliemen was named head coach at NDSU 3 years ago, he inherited a tradition of excellence and made it a dynasty. MerriamWebster defines ‘‘dynasty’’ as ‘‘a powerful group or family that maintains its position for a considerable time.’’ Well, Mr. Speaker, winning six national championships in 7 years certainly meets the second half of that definition. And anyone who knows Bison football knows that they are a family. It is what makes them special. Quarterback Easton Stick was named the Game’s Most Outstanding Player, but it was the Bison defense that shined the brightest on Saturday, holding James Madison University’s explosive offense to a season low 241 yards and just 13 points. Perhaps it was linebacker Nick DeLuca who put it best when asked how the Bison defense was able to respond so spectacularly in so many difficult situations. He simply said: ‘‘Just remain focused and calm.’’ Good advice, Nick, in football and politics. Congratulations, Bisons. You make us proud. 
TERMINATION OF TEMPORARY PROTECTED STATUS FOR EL SALVADOR (Ms. JAYAPAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the President’s cruel decision to terminate temporary protected status for El Salvador, hurting 200,000 people and their 193,000 U.S. citizen children. Mr. Speaker, many of these people have lived alongside us as friends and neighbors for decades. It is unfathomable that the administration would deport people back to one of the most dangerous parts of the world. When it comes to the rights and lives of immigrants, we cannot be silent. Defending temporary protected status to protect those fleeing war, disease, and natural disasters is a priority that crosses party lines and political barriers. That is why, last month, I joined my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to introduce the ASPIRETPS Act that would help bring justice for immigrants who are deeply woven into the fabric of our society. It is apparent that congressional action is necessary now more than ever to protect people with TPS. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to help us advance bipartisan legislation to protect the hundreds of thousands of people who rely on these protections. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COMER ). Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
TAX RELIEF IS UPON US (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, last month, Congress passed the historic Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Tax relief is upon us for American workers, families, and job creators. Come February, there will be more money in your paycheck. Workers are already seeing the benefits of this historic tax cuts bill. Businesses across the country are now giving bonuses, pay raises, and making new investments that will get our economy back on track. Pennsylvania’s own AccuWeather provided a yearend bonus to all employees due to the strong confidence in the United States and global economy now that tax reform passed. And AccuWeather isn’t alone. Thanks to tax reform, Wells Fargo boosted its minimum wage for employees to $15 an hour and targeted $400 million in nonprofit donations this year. AT&T paid more than 200,000 U.S. employees $1,000 each and increased its capital spending budget by $1 billion. Sinclair Broadcast Group paid $1,000 bonuses to nearly 9,000 employees. These are just some of the many businesses that are rewarding their employees, thanks to tax reform, fair and simple. 
b1915 SHAME TRAFFICKERS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the deviants of the slave trade operate all around us. Human trafficking occurs in our country, our States, and in our cities. January, Human Trafficking Awareness Month, seeks to bring light to this scourge against humanity: nothing more than modernday slavery. We must not only remain vigilant but must go after the buyers and sellers in the sex trafficking trade. This is one of them right here. That is why I have introduced, along with CAROLYN MALONEY , the Shame Act, to expose the identity of convicted traffickers and buyers of human beings. The Shame Act allows judges to publish the names and photographs of convicted traffickers and buyers in public places, such as on billboards. Mr. Speaker, as a judge in Texas, I successfully used shame punishment. It worked. Dubbed ‘‘poetic justice’’ by the media, I learned that the last thing criminals want are their faces exposed to the public. Traffickers and buyers must know they cannot hide behind their dastardly crimes. It is time to send a message loud and clear about human trafficking: not in our cities, not in our States, not in our Nation, not anymore. And that is just the way it is. 
HONORING LYNN RANEY (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Lynn Raney, who passed away on December 28. He was a talented artist, a dedicated State worker, an admired teacher, and a respected member of our central Illinois community. Lynn found great joy in serving others. I got to know him during his time working in public service for the State of Illinois. There was never a day that Lynn did not have a smile on his face, even in the midst of difficult family health tragedies. As a matter of fact, Lynn Raney helped set up a press conference where he found out he was being laid off from the State of Illinois by a new Governor. I have no doubt that Lynn will be remembered well for his talent as an artist. Not only did he teach art to high school students, but he was known for the care and creativity he put into his annual Christmas cards. Just before this Christmas, I received one of his cards, and I will cherish it even more after his passing. I am proud to honor Lynn today. He left a lasting impact on everyone who knew him. He was a good friend, a devoted husband, and a loving father, who will be missed by many. My thoughts and prayers are with his family during this difficult time. 
REDFIELD SNOW (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a new record in Oswego County, New York. The town of Redfield now has the record for the most snowfall in 48 hours. An astonishing 62 inches of snow fell in this idyllic town along the Salmon River with only 550 people near Lake Ontario. While subzero temperatures and blizzard conditions keep most people inside our homes, National Weather Service observer and constituent Carolyn Yerdon braved the elements to announce the record shattering news standing atop a 5foot snow bank. The total snowfall breaks the world record of 57 inches in a 48hour period set in 2008 by Bennetts Bridge in Oswego County. Home to some of the harshest winter conditions in the country, upstate New York experiences heavy lakeeffect snow, high winds, and bitter temperatures all season long. As snow blankets our region this winter, we are grateful to our first responders, who continue to go above and beyond and keep our roadsides safe, to protect and rescue some stranded vulnerable citizens—yes, in 5 feet of snow, you can lose people—and providing assistance to all our communities. A special thank you to Carolyn Yerdon, our special National Weather Service employee. May I just say her favorite words: Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow. 
HEALTH INSURANCE FOR AMERICANS WORKING FOR SMALL BUSINESSES (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, today there is an estimated 11 million Americans working for small businesses who lack employersponsored health insurance. The reality is that families across the country are struggling to afford coverage; they are priced out of plans and left with few options. Last week, President Trump’s Department of Labor proposed a rule to help these 11 million Americans, a move deserving of ample support. The rule would enhance the market leverage of small groups, as well as individuals, by giving associations a meaningful role on the same playing field large corporations enjoy. For example, a farmer will be able to buy insurance through the national Farm Bureau plan, or a restaurant manager could let his employees buy insurance through the National Restaurant Association. Association plans are able to reduce costs by sharing risks in a larger pool, allowing flexibility to design plans to meet workers’ needs, increasing negotiating power to lower prices with providers or drug prices. It is not a complete fix for ObamaCare, but it is certainly a big leap in the right direction, allowing workers that are in small businesses to have more choices, better than what they have now. f 
THE HISTORY OF THE CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS AND THE LEGACY OF DR. MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. EVANS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to say to the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, I appreciate this honor and this opportunity, as well as all the other Members, for giving me this opportunity to kick off the second session of the Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hours. 
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks, including any extraneous material, on the subject of this order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleagues, as I said earlier, for this opportunity. This is truly an opportunity for a young man who comes from the city of Philadelphia, who grew up in the streets of Philadelphia, and who had the opportunity to be a product of the public school system, a product of community college and La Salle University, standing here today in the seat with many of my predecessors, five African Americans from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, starting off with Robert N.C. Nix. Our theme tonight is the history of the CBC and the legacy of Martin Luther King. Next week we begin the celebration of the birthday of Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King. Dr. King was not only a great man but a great patriot, who loved America and the ideas of the underpinning of our democracy. To kick off our discussion, I want to open up with two Dr. King comments that really capture our current political climate and what is at stake. The first quote is: ‘‘We may have come over here on different ships, but we are all in the same boat now.’’ Dr. King. The second quote is: ‘‘Of all forms of inequality, injustice in healthcare is the most shocking and inhumane.’’ Dr. Martin Luther King. When we think about this great Nation and our leaders before us like Dr. King, who came together to lay a framework for equal pay, fair wages, healthcare, equality in housing, so much more we are reminded of what is at stake and how much we have to lose in this current political climate. We have a lot to lose under the current administration’s destructive policies. Dr. King would be greatly disappointed at many things going on in this country right now that affects all of our communities. We are in the business of doing no harm, but we must continue to fight to show results and solutions to help move our neighborhoods forward. Dr. King fought to move our neighborhoods forward when the odds were stacked against him. There are many examples of his life, legacy, and lasting impact in the city of Philadelphia, which is in the Second Congressional District. Take, for example, the Dr. King memorial and mural at 40th and Lancaster Avenue—he had a rally of 10,000 people when Dr. King was there—and the yearly luncheon that the late C. Delores Tucker sponsored in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King. It is important to recognize his connection to Pennsylvania and the divinity school in Chester in Delaware County. Dr. King came many times to the city of Philadelphia and to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. He had a huge influence on a lot of us. On this April 4, 50 years later, when I was in junior high school, entering high school in 1968, he had a huge affect on me. He was someone who walked with kings and queens. He demonstrated to all of us with that message of peace. He was relentless in terms of standing up for freedom and justice. He showed all of us what it is to be a leader. You will hear, over the next 60 minutes, a number of my colleagues who have all either directly or indirectly been connected with Dr. Martin Luther King and what he has meant. We need to conduct this as a large teachin. That is what this should be. This should be a teachin so we can share with everybody in this country what Dr. King was about and the importance. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. RICHMOND ), the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus. Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Pennsylvania, Congressman DWIGHT EVANS , for allowing me this time to speak. Mr. Speaker, I heard Mr. EVANS talk about Dr. King’s roots and influence in Pennsylvania. I just want to note, and this would only be a small moment of my remarks, that as a Morehouse man, we remind everyone that Dr. King started at the age of 16 in his matriculation through college and his embarking on the world knowledge that he had at Morehouse College, which I spent just a few years at and graduated from myself. I hope that there are a number of young people watching today, as well as those seniors whose backs I stand on, because a lot of people talk about Dr. King’s dream, but I just want to say here publicly, and I have said it 
privately so many times, we don’t honor the dream. Everybody has a dream. The question becomes whether you have the courage, the fortitude, and the willingness to sacrifice your future to make that dream come true. In this body, and as chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, which now represents almost 78 million Americans in serving with real icons who paved the way to make this a more perfect union, I appreciate now more than ever the sacrifice that went into making this country what it is, and because of that and because of this time, let me just give 30 seconds of my history. My mother is from the poorest place in the United States. She had 15 brothers and sisters, and all she had was a mother, a very dedicated mother who was a housekeeper we call a domestic or some other fancy term now. She was a woman who woke up every day, who would clean other people’s houses to make sure that her 15 kids had an opportunity at a better future. You know what created that better future? Historically Black Colleges and Universities. My mother went to Southern University. She shared a jacket with her sister, who was still in Lake Providence, which is about 200 miles away. I don’t know how you do it, but they did it. My mother, in that HBCU, because of the work of many people, was able to achieve an education, which is the best way to lift yourself out of poverty. She instilled in me two things: one, Cedric, you have to work hard, you have to do everything twice as good as everyone else so you can make it; and two, once you make it, you have an obligation to give back. That is what is so special about Dr. Martin Luther King and the dream and the day that we celebrate. A lot of young people sit around and say: Oh, when I make it, I am going to give back. Oh, when I grow up, I am going to do something. Well, Dr. King did everything that he did at a young age. If you talk about the Montgomery bus boycott, if you talk about our leaders in the civil rights movement, they didn’t wait to grow into leadership. They created their own path. The remarkable thing is many of them sacrificed not only their future but their life. When you talk about Dr. King, and to a lot of my middle class African Americans, let me say this, Dr. King could have sat back and said: I have mine, you get yours, or my family is comfortable, so I will take the easy path. b1930 So for all of us who are doing well, remember, there are a whole bunch of people who are not. We have this ice storm all across the country right now where we are hunkering down in our homes with heat. We have to remember that there are people who are hunkering down on the street, sleeping outside under a blanket because that is all they have. So we have to, in the spirit of Dr. King, remember that we are the greatest country on Earth; and if we don’t think it is a perfect Union, we have to make it a more perfect Union. Even if it costs us our life, like it did Dr. King, and it cost him his life in Memphis, fighting for sanitation workers; we have to fight for the least among us because this country is only as great as is the least among us. As long as there are people sleeping on the streets during this blizzard, that means this country is failing. When there are kids in public school that are destined for failure because we have not funded our public schools, this country is failing. So I would just say that, of all of the great things about Dr. King, the one thing that we should remember is his sacrifice, his courage, and the fact that he gave his life to make our lives a better life. Let me just say that, as I grew up going to some of the best schools in the country, integrated schools because of Dr. King and because of the person whom I am going to introduce, I know I stand on their backs, and I know that I have a lot of work to do to make sure that the generation behind me has that ability. But sacrifice is not easy, and when I think of it, I think of people that I read about in my textbooks, people I studied, people I admired, people whose autograph I sought. And now I actually get to call this gentleman, this distinguished gentleman from Georgia, a friend. But he is more than a friend: he is an icon; he is a trailblazer; he is a person who saved this country; and he, as a teenager, started his civil rights fight. He marched across the Edmund Pettus Bridge, knowing that there was hatred on the other side; and he met hatred with love, and he was beaten because he loved and they hated. But do you know what he did? He marched again. Do you know what he did? He ran for Congress. Do you know what he did? He welcomed me into this Congress, and he paved a better way for generations so that we could go to some of the best schools in the country. Mr. Speaker, I have an opportunity to present, introduce, one of the greatest Americans to ever walk on the face of this Earth, one who has sacrificed blood, sweat, tears, and who has stayed on his knees constantly, praying for a better country. He reminds us all that the Lord will order your steps, but you have to move your feet. He moved his feet across that Edmund Pettus Bridge, and he was beaten so that I could vote without counting how many bubbles in a bar of soap or how many jellybeans in a big tub. Mr. Speaker, the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. EVANS ) will now yield to one of the greatest Americans and the greatest Member serving in this House of Representatives, the Honorable JOHNLEWIS from Georgia. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank our chairman, and that is why he is our chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, because you just heard him so eloquently express his thoughts and his feelings. He has done a fantastic job as the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, and I thank him. I always recognize the importance of what he brings to all of us. The gentleman is correct about the next person. I want to add my voice to what he just said. I was 11 years old when he went across the Edmund Pettus Bridge. I recall seeing it on CBS. I did not understand it, but, now, like the chairman, I serve in this body with him. I am a part of this body. And as I watch him and as I listen to him, all of the drive and the energy that he has—and he is always extremely positive. I have not met a person who is more positive and optimistic about the future of this country as he says and talks about walking in his shoes. I remember that he said that. I remember that opportunity when I was down in Alabama on that Edmund Pettus Bridge—along with him and my good friend and colleague from Alabama, TERRI SEWELL —that I thought to myself, I said: ‘‘Self, here I am with Congressman LEWIS.’’ He is someone who is renowned in this body and in this country and around the world. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LEWIS). Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend, Mr. EVANS , for yielding, and thank you to the chairman of the CBC, CEDRIC RICHMOND . Mr. Speaker, it is true that I grew up in rural Alabama, 50 miles from Montgomery, outside of a little place called Troy. It is true that my father was a sharecropper, a tenant farmer. But in 1944, when I was 4 years old— and I do remember when I was 4—my father had saved $300, and a man sold him 110 acres of land. We picked cotton. We gathered peanuts. We pulled corn. Sometimes I would be out there working in the field and I would fall behind, and my mother would say: ‘‘Boy, you need to catch up.’’ I would say: ‘‘This is hard work.’’ And she would say: ‘‘Hard work never killed anybody.’’ I said: ‘‘Well, it’s about to kill me.’’ But one day, 15 years old, in the 10th grade, I heard of Martin Luther King, Jr. I heard of Rosa Parks in 1955. The action of Rosa Parks, the words and leadership of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., inspired me to find a way to get in the way. So 2 years later, I wrote a letter to Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., in 1957, and I told him, in this little letter, that I wanted to attend a State supported college called Troy State, now known as Troy University. It didn’t admit Black students. Dr. King wrote me back and sent me a roundtrip Greyhound bus ticket and 
invited me to come to Montgomery to meet with him. In the meantime, I had been accepted at a little college in Nashville, Tennessee, American Baptist College. Dr. King got back in touch with me and said: ‘‘When you are home for spring break, come and see me.’’ So, in 1958, I boarded a Greyhound bus and traveled from Troy to Montgomery, and a young lawyer by the name of Fred Gray, who had been a lawyer for Rosa Parks and for Dr. King, met me at the First Baptist Church, pastored by the Reverend Ralph Abernathy, and took me in to see Dr. King and Reverend Ralph Abernathy. Martin Luther King, Jr., said: ‘‘Are you the boy from Troy? Are you John Lewis?’’ I said: ‘‘Dr. King, I am John Robert Lewis,’’ but he still called me ‘‘the boy from Troy.’’ This man inspired me to stand up, to find a way to get in the way or find a way to get in trouble, in good trouble, necessary trouble. He said: ‘‘If you want to go to Troy State, we will help you, but we may need to file a suit against the State of Alabama, against Troy State. Go back and have a discussion with your mother and your father. Tell them their home may be bombed or burned. They can lose their land.’’ I went back. My mother was so afraid and my father was afraid, so I continued to study in Nashville. From time to time, Dr. King would come and visit Nashville and speak at mass meetings and rallies. But he inspired me, along with Rosa Parks and others, to get involved. He led the Montgomery bus boycott. For more than 381 days, people walked the streets; they shared cars and rides; they stood in unmovable lines; but they never gave up. Dr. King inspired us to stand up. He inspired us to believe in the philosophy and the discipline of nonviolence. We would be sitting at a lunch counter waiting to be served, and someone would come up and spit on us or put a lighted cigarette down our backs or in our hair, pour hot water or hot coffee on us, but we obeyed his instructions. So I got arrested a few times during the sixties, 45 times, but I never gave up. Just think, in 1961, the same year that President Barack Obama was born, Black people and White people couldn’t leave the city sitting together to travel on a Greyhound bus or a Trailways bus through the South. People were arrested, jailed, beaten, but Dr. King met us in Montgomery, sheltered us in a church. One night, while we were there in that church, when people were threatening to bomb the church or burn it down, he made a call to Robert Kennedy and told him about what was happening. Robert Kennedy communicated to his brother, President Kennedy, and the President put the city of Montgomery under martial law. If it hadn’t been for Martin Luther King, Jr., Robert Kennedy, and President Kennedy, some of us would have died in that church. But it led to the desegregation of public transportation all across the American South. More than 400 people—400 of us—arrested in Jackson, Mississippi. We filled the city jail, the county jail, and, later, the penitentiary at Parchman. But Martin Luther King, Jr., changed America forever. He taught us how to live and he taught us how to die. He taught us to be brave, to be courageous, to be bold. If it hadn’t been for Martin Luther King, Jr., I don’t know what would have happened to many of us, happened to America. Many of us of color, whether we are Black, Latino, Asian American, or Native American, wouldn’t be in this body. He opened up the political process. He was a man who believed in the way of peace, the way of love, believed in the philosophy and the discipline of nonviolence. In a few days, a few weeks, we will commemorate his passing. He was assassinated on April 4, 1968. I was in Indianapolis, Indiana, with Robert Kennedy when we heard that Dr. King had been assassinated. We heard that he had been shot. Robert Kennedy announced that he had died. And I think, when Dr. King died, something died in all of us; something died in America. He left us the way of peace, the way of love, the way of hope, and I hope that all young people and people not so young will commemorate and learn something about the teachings of Dr. King. I want to thank the chair of our caucus, Congressman RICHMOND , and Mr. EVANS , my friend and brother, for having the vision to hold this teachin tonight; and I hope we will do more to explain to the American people and people around the world what Dr. King meant not just to Americans, but to the world community. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I hope that what we just heard, and to our chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, that we can, either through social media or whatever way, share that that was a learning experience that just took place. To have Congressman LEWIS, who was there, who was on the front lines, who is not talking about something he read but something he has demonstrated through his own experience, that all of us—not just the Congressional Black Caucus, but this entire House—should thank him for his service and for being a patriot and for what he has expressed. So I personally want to thank the Honorable JOHNLEWIS for taking that opportunity just to educate us, because we all need education, and we are never too wise to think we don’t need someone to talk to us. Speaking of education, another good colleague from the great State of Texas—I know a little bit about that State. Everything is big in that State, they tell me. She is in a seat that Congresswoman Jordan used to hold, and Mickey Leland, and she, in her own right, is doing a lot. I have watched her in the period of time I have been here, just a year. She is a fantastic person, Congresswoman SHEILA JACKSON LEE, from the 18th Congressional District of Texas. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? b1945 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CURTIS ). The gentleman has 36 minutes remaining. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman EVANS for the mighty leadership that he has given and for the service that he gives to his constituents in Philadelphia. I accept his challenge, and I accept the challenge of my chairman, CEDRIC  RICHMOND , who told a story that hopefully will be an inspiration and a guide for all of those who believe that they are not yet mature enough to serve, to give, to offer to the beloved community that Dr. King so aptly speaks of. What can I say about JOHN LEWIS, whose moral guidance, but whose bloody brow, was never bowed. I thank Congressman LEWIS not only for the straight talk but the loving talk. To my colleagues who are here, I know that each will have a moment, so allow me to take just a moment to be able to offer my tribute and commemoration of Dr. King’s life. What a powerful year we face in 2018, and I am so grateful to have left 2017. I believe that this gives a fresh look to America. I looked at the movie ‘‘Remember the Titans,’’ and maybe you saw that with Denzel Washington, and it reflected a racial conflict with football players just outside of Washington in Virginia. It is a moving story of how when you get young people together, we can break the chains of racism and differences. It brought tears to my eyes, because in 2017, we went that journey again, and I was hoping that we would come in this year, the commemoration year, to accept Dr. King’s challenge of a beloved community. I salute my community of Houston. Some say there was no civil rights movement, and I beg to differ with them. Dr. King came one time, and the clergy gathered, most of them gathered, those who were afraid; we know that most were not. They were all ready to have a big rally, and wouldn’t you know it, a bomb threat. But our Houstonians were ready to march and to be out front in spite of the fear of a bomb. I believe that every community that Dr. King was either invited to or that he went to, there were people of courage who were willing to stand up and embrace freedom in the face of devastating potential disaster. So let me just say that my greatest claim for this legacy is my fight as a 
younger person to be part of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference. It will be my greatest honor to have been able to work for the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, to walk in that office on Auburn, that I believe may not be to meet Ralph David Abernathy because it was after the death of Dr. King, to know James Orange, and to know the brother that walked with the wooden leg, and to know Andy in a way that they were still engaged in Dr. King’s work. I am reminded of the message that he has given to us. And as Chairman RICHMOND said, he was young, and he asked the question: ‘‘Life’s most persistent and nagging question is’’—he said— ‘‘what are you doing for others?’’ And I think we as members of the Congressional Black Caucus and the adjunct of the foundation that works for young people, we have no doubt in what we are doing for others. But Dr. King gave us the words: ‘‘I would like somebody to mention’’—as he talked about his death on February 4, 1968, this is what we should be doing in 2018. We should be talking about what we are doing in commemoration. ‘‘I would like somebody to mention on that day Martin Luther King, Jr., tried to give his life serving others.’’ And he said: ‘‘I want you to say on that day’’— that I might have lost my life—‘‘that I did try in my life . . . to love and serve humanity.’’ So as I close, I want to remind those of us who have not yet made our journey to something that brought us closer to Dr. King that this body, this group of Republicans and Democrats, this administration, we need to unshackle ourselves. This question of race needs to be thrown under the bus of the beloved community. And we need to be able to dream like Dr. King did and say—but he learned to use his imagination when he saw this separation and his dreams to see right through those ‘‘White Only’’ signs—to see the reality that all men and women, regardless of our place of origin, their gender, or their creed, are created equal. What a visionary. And so I close with his braveness in two points: his answer to the question about who are we as a nation and what this citizenship should mean. And he simply turned us back to the Declaration of Independence and said that we simply should have citizens who can live out the words written in the Declaration of Independence that have a place in this Nation’s Bill of Rights. We simply want to be like others. And he took this courage to his death, for at the end of his life, he was not ashamed to go to Riverside Church and stand against the Vietnam war while others looked aghast, afraid. Why are you stepping out of your box? Dr. King said: I believe in the beloved community, a dreamer with works and actions. And so I close in that faithful journey that he made that we will be commemorating all converging in Memphis, Tennessee, and the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees who were forged and born in the shadow of two sanitation workers who were killed in the line of their duty, and Dr. King felt compelled to be there. When do we feel compelled: on the tax bill, on CHIP, on fully qualified healthcare, on affirmative action? When are we taking this, in essence, to the mat? Because that is what Dr. King did. He took it to the mat. And he went to the mat in the face of violence, and he told us, in his last words, that he had been to the mountaintop. He had seen the promised land. And he did not know if he would get there someday, but he knew that we as a people would pine away to that pathway. I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, next Monday, January 15, the nation observes for the 33rd time the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Holiday. Each year this day is set aside for Americans to celebrate the life and legacy of a man who brought hope and healing to America. The Martin Luther King Holiday reminds us that nothing is impossible when we are guided by the better angels of our nature. Dr. King’s inspiring words filled a great void in our nation, and answered our collective longing to become a country that truly lived by its noblest principles. Yet, Dr. King knew that it was not enough just to talk the talk; he knew that he had to walk the walk for his words to be credible. And so we commemorate on this holiday the man of action, who put his life on the line for freedom and justice every day. We honor the courage of a man who endured harassment, threats and beatings, and even bombings. We commemorate the man who went to jail 29 times to achieve freedom for others, and who knew he would pay the ultimate price for his leadership, but kept on marching and protesting and organizing anyway. Dr. King once said that we all have to decide whether we ‘‘will walk in the light of creative altruism or the darkness of destructive selfishness. ‘‘Life’s most persistent and nagging question,’’ he said, is ‘‘what are you doing for others?’’ And when Dr. King talked about the end of his mortal life in one of his last sermons, on February 4, 1968 in the pulpit of Ebenezer Baptist Church, even then he lifted up the value of service as the hallmark of a full life: 
I’d like somebody to mention on that day Martin Luther King, Jr. tried to give his life serving others,’’ he said. ‘‘I want you to say on that day, that I did try in my life . . . to love and serve humanity. 
We should also remember that the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was, above all, a person who was always willing to speak truth to power. There is perhaps no better example of Dr. King’s moral integrity and consistency than his criticism of the Vietnam War being waged by the Johnson Administration, an administration that was otherwise a friend and champion of civil and human rights. Martin Luther King, Jr. was born in Atlanta, Georgia on January 15, 1929. Martin’s youth was spent in our country’s Deep South, then run by Jim Crow and the Ku Klux Klan. For young AfricanAmericans, it was an environment even more dangerous than the one they face today. A young Martin managed to find a dream, one that he pieced together from his readings—in the Bible, and literature, and just about any other book he could get his hands on. And not only did those books help him educate himself, but they also allowed him to work through the destructive and traumatic experiences of blatant discrimination, and the discriminatory abuse inflicted on himself, his family, and his people. The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. that we celebrate here today could have turned out to be just another AfricanAmerican who would have had to learn to be happy with what he had, and what he was allowed. But he learned to use his imagination and his dreams to see right through those ‘‘White Only’’ signs—to see the reality that all men, and women, regardless of their place of origin, their gender, or their creed, are created equal. Through his studies, Dr. King learned that training his mind and broadening his intellect effectively shielded him from the demoralizing effects of segregation and discrimination. Dr. King was a dreamer and his dreams were a tool through which he was able to lift his mind beyond the reality of his segregated society, and into a realm where it was possible that white and black, red and brown, and all others live and work alongside each other and prosper. But the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was not an idle daydreamer. He shared his visions through speeches that motivated others to join in his nonviolent effort to lift themselves from poverty and isolation by creating a new America where equal justice and institutions were facts of life. In the Declaration of Independence in 1776, Thomas Jefferson wrote, ‘‘We hold these truths to be self evident, that all Men are Created Equal.’’ At that time and for centuries to come, AfricanAmericans were historically, culturally, and legally excluded from inclusion in that declaration. Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King’s ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ Speech, delivered 54 years ago, on August 28, 1963, was a clarion call to each citizen of this great nation that we still hear today. His request was simply and eloquently conveyed—he asked America to allow its citizens to live out the words written in its Declaration of Independence and to have a place in this nation’s Bill of Rights. The 196os were a time of great crisis and conflict. The dreams of the people of this country were filled with troubling images that arose like lava from the nightmares of violence and the crises they had to face, both domestically and internationally. It was the decade of the Cuban Missile Crisis, the Vietnam War, and the assassinations of President John Fitzgerald Kennedy, Malcolm X, Presidential Candidate Robert Kennedy, and the man we honor here today. Dr. Martin Luther King’s dream helped us turn the corner on civil rights. It started when Dr. King led the Montgomery Bus Boycott, with 4, Rosa Parks and others, 
which lasted for 381 days, and ended when the United States Supreme Court outlawed racial segregation on all public transportation. But the dream did not die there. It continued started with a peaceful march for suffrage that started in Selma, Alabama on March 7, 1965—a march that ended with violence at the hands of law enforcement officers as the marchers crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge. Dr. King used several nonviolent tactics to protest against Jim Crow Laws in the South and he organized and led demonstrations for desegregation, labor and voting rights. On April 4, 1967, at Riverside Church in New York City, he spoke out against the Vietnam War, when he saw the devastation that his nation was causing abroad and the effect that it had on the American men and women sent overseas. When the life of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King was stolen from us, he was a very young 39 years old. People remember that Dr. King died in Memphis, but few can remember why he was there. On that fateful day in 1968 Dr. King came to Memphis to support a strike by the city’s sanitation workers. The garbage men there had recently formed a chapter of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees to demand better wages and working conditions. But the city refused to recognize their union, and when the 1,300 employees walked off their jobs the police broke up the rally with mace and Billy clubs. It was then that union leaders invited Dr. King to Memphis. Despite the danger he might face entering such a volatile situation, it was an invitation he could not refuse. Not because he longed for danger, but because the labor movement was intertwined with the civil rights movement for which he had given up so many years of his life. The death of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., will never overshadow his life. That is his legacy as a dreamer and a man of action. It is a legacy of hope, tempered with peace. It is a legacy not quite yet fulfilled. I hope that Dr. King’s vision of equality under the law is never lost to us, who in the present, toil in times of unevenness in our equality. For without that vision—without that dream—we can never continue to improve on the human condition. For those who have already forgotten, or whose vision is already clouded with the fog of complacency, I would like to recite the immortal words of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.: 
I have a dream that one day on the red hills of Georgia the sons of former slaves and the sons of former shareholders will be able to sit down together at the table of brotherhood. I have a dream that one day even the State of Mississippi, a state sweltering with the heat of injustice, sweltering with the heat of oppression, will be transformed into an oasis of freedom and justice. I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but for the content of their character. I have a dream today. I have a dream that one day down in Alabama with its vicious racists, with its Governor having his lips dripping with words of interposition and nullification—one day right there in Alabama, little black boys and black girls will be able to join hands with little white boys and white girls as sisters and brothers. I have a dream today. I have a dream that one day every valley shall be exalted, every hill and mountain shall be made low, the rough place will be made plain and the crooked places will be made straight, and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it together. Dr. King’s dream did not stop at racial equality, his ultimate dream was one of human equality and dignity. There is no doubt that Dr. King wished and worked for freedom and justice for every individual in America. He was in midst of planning the 1968 Poor People’s Campaign for Jobs and Justice when he struck down by the dark deed of an assassin on April 4, 1968. It is for us, the living, to continue that fight today and forever, in the great spirit that inspired the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, the next person I would like to yield to, my colleague from Texas gave a great leadin for her, from the great State of California, as Dr. King stood up against the Vietnam war. She knows a little bit about standing up. If you know anything about Honorable BARBARA LEEfrom the 13th Congressional District, you would know she doesn’t mind being by herself. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague from the great State of California (Ms. LEE). Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman EVANS for yielding, for that gracious introduction, but, more importantly, for his magnificent leadership. He has come to Congress hitting the ground running, and it truly has been and is in the spirit of Dr. King, so I thank the gentleman very much. And to our chair, Congressman CEDRIC RICHMOND , I want to thank him for his steady leadership—and it is steady—of our caucus and for helping us to stay focused on this Special Order on the evenings which we do these to honor the life of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., who was and is our drum major for justice. To Congressman JOHN LEWIS, I just have to say to him that I owe him a debt of gratitude. I would not be here if it were not for him. And I want to say, on behalf of my young people at the Martin Luther King Jr. Freedom Center who have a chance to be with him every year—now it has been about 17 years—how much he and Congresswoman TERRI SEWELL —how much they have touched their lives and have turned their lives around, and how they understand now what fighting for justice and peace really means by being part of their efforts and by their mentoring them and teaching them that the beloved community is not only a dream but can be real. So I thank Congressman LEWIS so much. It is an honor to know the gentleman and to serve with him. This year, as we remember the man in the movement that transformed really the soul of America, it is really important that we honor the fullness of Dr. King’s dream. So while we remember Dr. King’s birthday this month, we also are reminded that it was 50 years ago, on April 4, that he lost his life to an assassin’s bullet. Dr. King was a crusader for voting rights and peace, but he was also a warrior for economic justice and ending poverty. In fact, one of Dr. King’s most memorable speeches, of course, ‘‘I’ve Been to the Mountaintop,’’ it was given in Memphis, Tennessee, at a time when Dr. King was determined to transform the civil rights movement into an intersectional economic justice revolution. A few months before his death, two young AfricanAmerican workers were crushed to death by a faulty truck in Memphis. The American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees, AFSCME, union members went on strike, and Dr. King was right there with them lending his support. In a speech to the sanitation workers on strike, Dr. King explained why he was there. He said: ‘‘Now, our struggle is for genuine equality, which means economic equality.’’ Dr. King said that to thousands gathered at Mason Temple. He said: ‘‘For we know that it isn’t enough to integrate lunch counters. What does it profit a man to be able to eat at an integrated lunch counter if he doesn’t earn enough money to buy a hamburger . . . ?’’ Dr. King had come to signal the dawn of a new era in the struggle. He was there to stand with workers who were sick and tired of low wages, unsafe working conditions, and the city’s refusal to recognize their union. He was there because he believed that labor rights, civil rights, and human rights are one and the same. He was there because he understood the simple truth that there can be no racial justice without economic justice. Tragically, while fighting to secure the American Dream for all Americans, Dr. King was assassinated on April 4, 1968. Now, that was a day that changed my life. Congresswoman JACKSON LEE mentioned where she was. We all remember that moment. I was living in San Jose, California, and was commuting to San Francisco, about an hour away by train. I returned that evening. My car was parked in the train’s parking lot. I got off the train, turned on the radio, and the news came through that Dr. King had been killed. Well, I sat in my car for I don’t know how long, and I cried. I was shocked like everyone, saddened, and angry. But I was also motivated to fight for the dream that Dr. King envisioned. My job, I quit my job. At that moment, I knew that I had to do something. So I became involved as a community worker with Bobby Seale and the Black Panther Party. But it was Dr. King’s assassination that catapulted me into the movement. 
I was determined to prove that even though the assassin killed the dreamer, he could not kill the dream. Right now in this country, the work that Dr. King went to Memphis to achieve, that work remains unfinished, which is what we intend to complete. Fortyseven million Americans remain locked in poverty. Discrimination and institutional racism continue to hold livable wages hostage, and the economic wealth divide, it grows deeper every day in urban and in rural communities. Now, I represent the 13th Congressional District of California, a great district where there is an explosion of wealth in the bay area, which has recently experienced also a spike in median household income. b2000 It is a hub of innovation and creativity, yet, in many ways, it is a tale of two cities. Black households in my district have been locked out of this explosion of wealth. According to the Census Bureau, the median income in the bay area jumped by 9 percent while the median income for Black households inched up just 2 percent. It is not just wealth inequality. Twentythree percent of Black households are poor, and 43 percent of Black children in my district are considered poor in Oakland. These numbers have remained stagnant year after year after year. This is unacceptable. It is not just my district that experiences this wealth divide. Recent studies show that if trends persist, median Black household wealth could hit zero by 2053. This alarming possibility makes one thing clear: the work to achieve Dr. King’s dream must continue, and members of the Congressional Black Caucus tirelessly continue to work both inside this Congress and in our communities because there is still much that we must overcome. As the conscience of the Congress, the Congressional Black Caucus fights every day to dismantle barriers that prevent lowincome people, poor people, and people of color from having a fair shot at the American Dream. Dr. King’s legacy can be found in our efforts to give communities of color, struggling families, and women a fair shot at improving their basic living standards. There are many bills: Congressman BOBBY SCOTT’s bill to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour, and Congresswoman ALMA ADAMS ’ Closing the Meal Gap Act. There are many bills that many members of the Congressional Black Caucus really are championing every single day to ensure that Dr. King’s life will be remembered, that his death will not overshadow his life, and that his legacy of fighting, as Dr. King said, to make the promises of democracy real will live on for generations to come. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ). I just had the pleasure of really meeting her this year. She has a lot of energy and a lot of drive. She got me to go to Alabama, and I had never been to Alabama before. But after her personality, her drive, and her intellectual curiosity, and between her and JOHNLEWIS, what could I say? Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman EVANS for yielding. He has so ably represented and led the Second District of Pennsylvania. It has been an honor to call the gentleman my colleague. I want to say, Mr. Speaker, that today I join with my CBC colleagues in honoring the extraordinary life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., 50 years after his tragic death. Today we honor and celebrate the man who led our country in the fight against racism and injustice, a man who forged tools of nonviolence and compassion so that our Nation could break the chains of segregation and Jim Crow. Today we honor a man who refused to believe that racism and war would define our future, and who fought to ensure that truth and love would be the final word. As the United States Representative of Alabama’s historic civil rights district, I know that Dr. King’s selfless sacrifices changed the trajectory of our Nation’s history and changed the lives of so many families in my district and around the world. When Birmingham was one of the most segregated cities in America, it was Dr. King who brought the civil rights movement home to Alabama during the Birmingham campaign. When four little Black girls were killed in the bombing of the 16th Street Baptist Church in Birmingham, it was Dr. King who delivered their eulogy and who refused to let their deaths go unnoticed. Mr. Speaker, when the police beat marchers on a bridge in my hometown in Alabama who were simply marching for the equal right to vote, it was Dr. King who helped Dr. Reese and so many others to organize that march from Selma to Montgomery. It was foot soldiers like the honorable JOHN LEWIS, whom I am honored every day to be able to call colleague, who sacrificed their lives for the opportunity of a next generation to have the dream that so many wanted and fought for. There are constituents in my district, the civil rights and voting rights foot soldiers, who marched with Dr. King, who answered the call to fight for justice. These foot soldiers faced fire hoses, police dogs, and nightsticks so that future generations of Americans could now have the equal right to vote. Mr. Speaker, I get to cross the Edmund Pettus Bridge just to go home to see my folks and to visit my family in Selma, Alabama, to go to my hometown to visit my friends who live in a place that still needs help. There is still some unfinished business of civil rights and voting rights. It is my great honor to invite year after year so many to come—thousands— walk in the footsteps of JOHN LEWIS with JOHN LEWIS. It doesn’t get any better than that. For me to be able to see that I am the Member from Alabama, I know that I stand on the shoulders of JOHN LEWIS and so many others. But I also know that I must get off his shoulders and that I must do the hard work and the unfinished business that is civil rights and voting rights in America. As long as there is voter suppression and people are not allowed to vote in this country, we have work to do. We have lots of work to do. We must do our own work. It is not enough to just say thank you. It is not enough that we come before every year to reenact the march from Selma to Montgomery. It is not just about reenactment. It is about what we do day in and day out to further the dream that is Dr. King’s to build that beloved community that we talked about. I get to see up close JOHNLEWIS and know that he is not just talking the talk. He walks the walk every day. There are times when I am purely frustrated in this House, frustrated because there is so much work that we need to do and so much work that we don’t do because of our dysfunction. When I get tired, I just look over at JOHNLEWIS, and I think to myself: this man never was tired. The hard work was done by so many before us, and those of us who get to walk these Halls of Congress have to decide what we are going to do to help further that dream. Dr. King’s life was not in vain. JOHNLEWIS’ work is not in vain. There are so many of us who know that we stand on the gentleman’s shoulders and know that, in order for this country to live up to its ideals of justice and democracy for all, we must—every generation must—continue that fight. It was Dr. King who wrote a letter from a Birmingham jail that talked about injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. And there are injustices everywhere. So we have work to do. We, the members of the CBC, take that challenge very seriously. But we Members of Congress of this House, this august body, must take that work seriously, too. That work is not work that is Republican work versus Democratic work. It is America’s work. It is the work of our democracy. It is the work that we must do that our constituents sent us here to do that so often is stifled by our rhetoric, stifled by our inability to see beyond our party, and stifled by so many things. But I know for a fact that when we work hand in hand together, Republicans and Democrats, Blacks and Whites, those from different religions, that we can do amazing things. We know that because of the life and legacy of Dr. King. So on this 50th anniversary of his death, let us not mourn. Let us recommit. Let us recommit ourselves to that 
which he stood for, for that which J OHN LEWIS stands for, and that is justice for all, irrespective of what country they come from. We are tried and tested every day, and it is important that we remember that we can all walk across that Edmund Pettus Bridge by doing the hard work of seeking justice and equality for all people just because they are people. I honor again the great work of Dr. Martin Luther King. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has approximately 13 minutes remaining. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ). Congressman D ONALD PAYNE is a neighbor across the Walt Whitman Bridge or the Ben Franklin Bridge. I have known him and his father, and he has done a great job in the Garden State. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank Congressman EVANS for hosting tonight’s Special Order hour on Dr. King’s life and legacy. The gentleman from Philadelphia has come to this body and has made an impact in his first year on the floor of Congress. We are delighted to have had him join the CBC. Mr. Speaker, as I sat here and listened to my colleagues, the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, CEDRIC RICHMOND , not the eldest member of the caucus, but a young man who has demonstrated the leadership to be the head of this august body; and to hear my colleague—and I use the term in reverence—JOHNLEWIS, I am fortunate to be able to serve the 10th Congressional District of the State of New Jersey at this time. Because, you see, I was sitting here as I listened to BARBARA LEE, SHEILA JACKSON LEE, JOHN LEWIS, TERRI SEWELL , and Mr. E VANS , that to whom much is given, much is expected. I hear the story of the ‘‘Boy From Troy.’’ I hear the story of my chairman, CEDRIC RICHMOND . But I have been fortunate in my life because, you see, I had a father who felt that the most important thing to do was to serve this country and this world. He instilled that in me. A lot of his teachings come from Dr. Martin Luther King. Fifty years after his death, Dr. King’s legacy has been shrouded in myth by people who prefer being comfortable to being real. Mr. Speaker, at this time, as young people back in my district say, I am going to keep it real. His personal truths have been twisted into lies by people who want to appear woke but whose eyes are blind to the harsh reality of injustice. This year, in 2018, we must reclaim Dr. King’s legacy for those who are apt to quote ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ as they seek to silence people of color for fighting to preserve that dream. Mr. Speaker, Dr. King understood that nonviolence does not mean nonconfrontational. He knew that social change requires sacrifice. He knew that doing what is right does not mean doing what is always easy. When Black Lives Matter protesters peacefully rally in the streets to protest police brutality against young men of color, conservatives and White moderates shout that Black Lives Matter incites violence and should be peaceful like Dr. King. What they are really saying is: Sit down, boy, and know your place. That is the same thing they said 55 years ago, when Dr. King led peaceful protests against racial injustice in Birmingham, Alabama. Conservatives shouted that Dr. King was causing hatred and violence. They told him to sit down and to know his place, but he persisted. Dr. King was not in Birmingham to make everyone comfortable. He was there to upset the status quo and to change our democracy. Then, 4 years later, Dr. King proclaimed that the Vietnam war was morally unjust. He pointed out that profit had become more important to the government than people who were sacrificing their lives overseas. Conservatives, once again, attacked Dr. King. They said he was being slanderous and that he was tragically misleading people. Now, Mr. Speaker, you see the great outcry and support that we have for our soldiers and our military people now in this country. We honor and revere them now. That came out of the struggle of the Vietnam war, where they were spat on and told that they weren’t worth anything. That is where it came from, Dr. King bringing up the unjust war that this was. So out of Dr. King’s protests against the Vietnam war, we began a great reverence for our soldiers once again. That is what we see now in the streets when we see a Vietnam vet and we tell them: Thank you for your service. Or whether they were in Afghanistan: Thank you for your service. b2015 It was Dr. King who first raised that issue. They told him to be quiet and to know his place. But like Dr. King told one of his friends at the time, he might have been politically unwise, but he was being morally wise, and that is what mattered. This year, in 2018, we must be morally wise. Dr. King’s life and legacy show us that doing right is rarely the same thing as doing what is easy. We, too, must persist. As we head into a consequential year when Americans will go to the polls, let us not lose sight of the fact that to protect and preserve Dr. King’s legacy demands that we protect and preserve our democracy from voter suppression, cybersecurity weakness, and foreign meddling. We must expand voting rights for all Americans. We must modernize our voting systems. We must appoint an independent commission to investigate foreign meddling into the electoral system before the 2018 Federal election. We must break down barriers to voting, not build them. We must make registering to vote easier, not harder. We must ensure elections are competitive, not guaranteed. We must restore the right to vote, for felons who have served their prison sentences. We must end partisan gerrymandering. We must protect the sanctity of our elections. We must restore the Voting Rights Act. Dr. King knew that it was important. As I go to my seat, I just want to thank my colleagues for their endurance. As ‘‘Amazing Grace’’ says: ‘‘I once was lost, but now am found.’’ Serving with these great people in the United States Congress has saved a wretch like me. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, we had the gentleman from the East. Now we will go to the West, to someone whom I have watched. She is an educator and is always teaching. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ), who is from the Third Congressional District. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Congressman DWIGHT  EVANS , who hails from the Second District of Pennsylvania. I thank him for leading us tonight. I also thank Congressional Black Caucus Chairman CEDRIC RICHMOND for allowing us to come tonight. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues in coming to the floor tonight to mark the 50th anniversary of the assassination of Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King. We have made progress in these past 50 years, but the legacy and example of Dr. King show us that much remains to be done. Although many marches and protests were met with violence, we had Dr. King and the women and men who stood with him, like our very own colleague and Congressional Black Caucus member, Congressman JOHNLEWIS. As I listened to Congressman LEWIS tonight—as I sit on this House floor and have the privilege and honor to call him a colleague and a friend—it reminded me of his courage and how much more work we have to do. It was through these peaceful protests, it was through their courage, it was through the power of the messages that they sent that they stood up against the establishment. Dr. King was able to bring the injustices felt by African Americans nationwide to the forefront of American politics. His work culminated in the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom, where hundreds of thousands of individuals of all stripes and communities came for a call to justice and equality for all. 
It was on that day, August 28, 1963, when Dr. King gave one of his most powerful and famous speeches, that passionate speech, ‘‘I Have a Dream,’’ calling for the end of racism and the expansion of civil rights and economic rights. I am so proud that Mother Beatty’s mother, my husband’s grandmother, was an invited platform guest to witness that speech. We have that picture in our office to remind us and to remind our children and grandchildren of the power of Dr. Martin Luther King and Congressman JOHNLEWIS. With the emotions and the will of the march that it encapsulated in such powerful words, civil rights rose to the top of the agenda of reformers and facilitated the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. Still, Mr. Speaker, Dr. King’s work was not done. The next year, Dr. King helped to lead the Selma to Montgomery march. How proud I am that I was able to participate in the reenactment of that on its 50th anniversary. The march route spanned some 54 miles, from Selma, Alabama, to the State capital in Montgomery. The marchers were in response to the Southern States’ legislatures passing and maintaining discriminatory laws and practices over decades where it meant to deny, Mr. Speaker, African Americans across the State, across the South, the right to vote. What is our message? What is our message tonight? We are here because we are still walking in it. We are still fighting for civil rights and voting rights and economic rights. We are still fighting for equal pay for equal work. But we are not afraid. Mr. LEWIS led us on this House floor in fighting for gun safety. We are not afraid because we are continuing the legacy of Martin Luther King. Lastly, let me just say that we must break this cycle of economic inequality, racism, and poverty. We must stand up to the GOP and to President Trump, because when we look at this tax reform bill, it brings those injustices to economics and equality, a financial gain. So we are here tonight to say there is still a dream. There is still a stone of hope. Again, I thank my colleague for leading us in this celebration and this tribute to Martin Luther King. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I, too, thank my colleague for those eloquent words and those comments which were very succinct and provided a lot for us. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus for allowing me to have this opportunity to speak, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. CARTER of Georgia (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today and January 9. Ms. CLARKE of New York (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. Mr. DEFAZIO (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of travel difficulties. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 23 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, January 9, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOULTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 2954. A bill to amend the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 to specify which depository institutions are subject to the maintenance of records and disclosure requirements of such Act, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–485). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 772. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to improve and clarity certain disclosure requirements for restaurants and similar retail food establishments, and to amend the authority to bring proceedings under section 403A; with an amendment (Rept. 115–86). Referred to the 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 424. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to reissue final rules relating to listing of the gray wolf in the Western Great Lakes and Wyoming under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–487). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
[Submitted January 3, 2018] By Mr. BANKS of Indiana (for himself, Mr. MESSER , and Mr. R OKITA ): H. Res. 675. A resolution condemning the Government of Iran for its violence against demonstrators and calling for peaceful resolution to the concerns of the citizens of Iran; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. [Submitted January 5, 2018] By Mr. ROYCE of California (for himself and Mr. ENGEL) : H. Res. 676. A resolution supporting the rights of the people of Iran to free expression, condemning the Iranian regime for its crackdown on legitimate protests, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. [Submitted January 8, 2018] By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (for herself, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. WILSON of Florida, Ms. F RANKEL  of Florida, Mr. DIAZBALART , and Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ): H.R. 4737. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to require the air transportation security programs established by airport operators to contain certain elements; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. EMMER: H.R. 4738. A bill to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to provide complaint and burden of proof requirements for certain actions for breach of fiduciary duty; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HASTINGS: H.R. 4739. A bill to provide dedicated funding for the national infrastructure investment program and the capital investment grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. LOWEY (for herself and Mr. KINGof New York): H.R. 4740. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the limitation on the deduction for certain taxes, including state and local property and income taxes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 4741. A bill to require the Postmaster General to designate a single, unique ZIP code for particular communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. MCCARTHY: H. Res. 677. A resolution providing for a committee to notify the President of the assembly of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. By Mr. MCCARTHY: H. Res. 678. A resolution to inform the Senate that a quorum of the House has assembled; considered and agreed to. By Mr. MCCARTHY: H. Res. 679. A resolution providing for the hour of meeting of the House; considered and agreed to. By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Mr. BUCHANAN , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. D UNN, Mr. ROSS, Mr. M AST, Mr. D IAZBALART , Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. R UTHER FORD , Mr. S OTO, Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEYof Florida, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. POSEY , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. F RANCIS  ROONEY of Florida, and Mr. DESANTIS ): H. Res. 680. A resolution celebrating the 40th anniversary of Keiser University and recognizing the university as a vital institution of higher education, developing a diverse student population that impacts numerous aspects of the State of Florida and the global economy; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
159. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Texas, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 31, urging the United States Congress to encourage the U.S. Department of Agriculture to revise existing policies that promote the waste of water after an irrigated crop has been declared a failure; to the Committee on Agriculture. 160. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, relative to a resolution memorializing the Department of Homeland Security to continue the Temporary Protected Status Program; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
[Submitted January 8, 2018] By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ: H.R. 4737. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. EMMER: H.R. 4738. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. HASTINGS: H.R. 4739. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 4740. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution: Congress shall have the power to, ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 4741. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
[Submitted January 3, 2018] H.R. 1899: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 4143: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 4453: Mr. REICHERT . H.R. 4541: Mr. HIMES. H.R. 4610: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 4734: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire and Mr. BACON . H. Res. 349: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . [Submitted January 5, 2018] H.R. 184: Mrs. HANDEL . H.R. 669: Ms. TSONGAS and Mr. W ALZ. H.R. 807: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 850: Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, Mr. BACON , and Mr. M CCAUL. H.R. 1010: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 1046: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 1156: Mr. PERRY . H.R. 1163: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 1241: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 1276: Ms. TSONGAS and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 1651: Mr. GOODLATTE and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 1841: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 1953: Ms. ADAMS . H.R. 1972: Mr. REED. H.R. 2004: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 2180: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 2276: Mr. SMUCKER . H.R. 2587: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 2683: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 2862: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 3409: Mr. COLLINS of New York and Mr. OLSON . H.R. 3489: Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H.R. 3566: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 3730: Mr. DOGGETT , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 3980: Ms. HANABUSA . H.R. 4014: Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 4052: Mrs. NAPOLITANO and Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 4058: Mr. GRIFFITH . H.R. 4155: Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 4392: Mr. ABRAHAM and Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 4396: Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 4461: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 4547: Mrs. WALORSKI and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 4712: Mr. MESSER . H. Con. Res. 63: Ms. MCCOLLUM , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, and Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H. Res. 493: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H. Res. 653: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H. Res. 661: Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, and Mr. PERRY . H. Res. 671: Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mrs. WALORSKI , and Mr. M CKINLEY . H. Res. 675: Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. MEADOWS , and Ms. S TEFANIK . [Submitted January 8, 2018] H.R. 173: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 389: Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. S CHIFF , and Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 421: Mr. CURTIS . H.R. 506: Mr. FASO, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. SOTO, Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn sylvania, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. DIAZBALART , and Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 535: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. C OOK, Mr. C URTIS , Mr. PAYNE , and Mr. F ERGUSON . H.R. 548: Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 757: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 761: Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 807: Mr. BARR. H.R. 850: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania and Mr. MARSHALL . H.R. 975: Mr. SOTO, Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali fornia, Mr. O’ROURKE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. R OSEN , Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 991: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 997: Mr. LONG and Mr. S MITH of Ne braska. H.R. 1065: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 1153: Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H.R. 1227: Mr. MCNERNEY , Ms. L EE, Ms. LOFGREN , and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 1316: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 1406: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 1486: Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. FASO. H.R. 1676: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 1823: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 1841: Mr. RYAN of Ohio and Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1861: Ms. HANABUSA . H.R. 1957: Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 2004: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 2404: Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 2405: Mr. SMUCKER . H.R. 2542: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 2604: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 2620: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 2740: Mr. HIMES and Mr. I SSA. H.R. 2832: Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. ROTHFUS , Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. Smith of Missouri. H.R. 3045: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 3274: Mr. SCALISE . H.R. 3320: Mr. MESSER , Mr. C OOK, Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia and Mr. CURTIS . H.R. 3349: Mr. RICHMOND and Mr. M CKINLEY. H.R. 3666: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 3730: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 3733: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 3887: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 4006: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 4022: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 4099: Mr. BUCKand Mr. J ONES . H.R. 4101: Mr. SMUCKER . H.R. 4124: Mr. GRIFFITH , Mr. J ONES , Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. Jordan, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. LABRADOR , and Mr. D AVIDSON . H.R. 4143: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4207: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 4240: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. NEAL, and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 4253: Mr. BEYER , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. MOULTON , and Mr. O’R OURKE . H.R. 4433: Mr. FASO. H.R. 4505: Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 4509: Mr. CARTER of Georgia and Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 4516: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4518: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 4547: Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. DEFAZIO, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. R EICHERT , and Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 4608: Mr. PALLONE , Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 4610: Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 4651: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia and Mr. YOHO. H.R. 4706: Mr. YOHOand Mr. R OEof Ten nessee. H.R. 4712: Mr. BYRNE and Mrs. H ARTZLER . H.R. 4734: Mrs. COMSTOCK and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 4736: Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. S MITH of Ne braska, Mr. CRAMER , and Mrs. N OEM. H.J. Res. 1: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.J. Res. 2: Mr. POLIQUIN . H. Res. 46: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H. Res. 58:, Mr. COHEN . H. Res..271: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H. Res. 274: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H. Res. 312: Mr. DELANEY . H. Res. 393: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H. Res. 448: Mr. CONNOLLY . H. Res. 661: Mr. DEFAZIO. H. Res. 675: Mr. COFFMAN . H. Res. 676: Mr. CORREA , Mr. S IRES, Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. BERA, Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. C ASTRO  of Texas, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl vania, Mr. LATTA , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. VELA, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali fornia, Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. MARSHALL , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. TENNEY , Mr. C OOK, Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. ROKITA , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. TURNER , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. S MITH of New Jer sey, Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. S CALISE. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
74. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the Council of the District of Columbia, relative to Council Resolution 22299, to approve, on an emergency basis, the transfer of jurisdiction of U.S. Reservation 724 (Lots 896 and 897 in Square 620) from the United States of America, acting by and through the Department of the Interior, National Park Service, to the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 75. Also, a petition of Mr. Gregory Watson, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to Urging Congress to enact legislation that would end the Diversity Immigrant Visa Lottery program and the Chain Migration program for immigration to the United States and to replace those programs with a meritbased program for persons seeking to immigrate to the United States, with a burden to demonstrate how that individual’s potential immigration to the United States would benefit the United States.; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S49 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 2018 No. 4 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable BILL CASSIDY , a Senator from the State of Louisiana. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, abide with us. When other helpers fail and comfort flees, strengthen our Senators with Your might. Provide them with a perseverance that completes the task, a courage to face every fear, and a fidelity that brings glory to Your Name. Help them to live such exemplary lives that they will infect others with the contagion of love for You and country. Lord, give them the gentleness and symmetry to bring healing to our Nation and world. Whatever they do, may they do it for You, the Author and Finisher of our destinies. We pray in Your strong Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 