Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize my friend, Howard Garrett of Edmonton, Kentucky. In addition to serving as mayor since 1993, he has served as an officer of the Kentucky State Jaycees, a member of the local Industrial Board and 9–11 Board, and a deacon of the Edmonton Baptist Church. As an officer of the Barren River Area Development District and the BarrenMetcalfe Ambulance Board, his influence was felt throughout the region. In his personal life, Mayor Garrett is an avid University of Kentucky and Yankees fan. He is married to his high school sweetheart, Teresa, and they are the parents to three children and grandparents to five grandchildren. Mayor Garrett has much to be proud of in his life. On behalf of the First District of Kentucky, I thank him for his years of achievement and compassionate service to the Edmonton community. RECOGNIZING MONROE COUNTY JUDGE  
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate Monroe County JudgeExecutive Tommy Willett on his retirement after serving two consecutive terms in office. Prior to his election, Tommy and his father owned and operated Pure Drug Company in Tompkinsville, Kentucky. Currently, Judge Willett serves as the secretary of the Barren River Area Development District Board of Directors. He also served on the Board of Community Action of Southern Kentucky, Monroe County Water Board, Monroe County Board of Health, and several other significant boards and committees over the years. In his free time Judge Willett enjoys spending time with his two sons, daughtersinlaw, and his four grandchildren. On behalf of the First District of Kentucky, I congratulate Judge Willett on his years of service to Monroe County and wish him many years of continued success in the community to which he has given so much. 
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize my friend, Clinton County JudgeExecutive Richard Armstrong. I am grateful for his efforts to better the lives of First District Kentuckians through his service on the Lake Cumberland Area Development District Board of Directors as well as his involvement with numerous community organizations throughout his career. As one of Clinton County’s prominent community leaders and advocates, he has prioritized industrial development and spurred economic opportunities for those he has served. These significant accomplishments, in combination with his passion for serving his community, have distinguished him as one of the region’s most prominent public servants. His achievements and efforts to improve the lives of his fellow Clinton Countians have forged a legacy of outstanding character and commitment to continuous improvements in all facets of community life. JudgeExecutive Armstrong’s passion for bettering the community is rivaled only by his love for spending time with his family. I join his wife, Joy; his children, Cannon and Brandy; and his five grandchildren; as well as all those who know him in thanking him for his years of service to his community. RECOGNIZING ADAIR COUNTY JUDGE EXECUTIVE  
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize my friend, JudgeExecutive Mike Stephens of Adair County, Kentucky. His outstanding service and contributions during his tenure have greatly benefited his community, and I am proud to recognize him for his years of service. Prior to being elected to public office JudgeExecutive Stephens owned and operated his own pharmacy. He has also served on the Homeplace Board of Directors and the Lake Cumberland Area Development District Board of Directors. JudgeExecutive Stephens’ varied experiences and knowledge of the local community made him a compassionate and effective county judge executive and an exceptional public servant. On behalf of the First District of Kentucky, I thank Judge Mike Stephens for his numerous accomplishments while serving as Adair County judgeexecutive. 
MAYOR RITA SANDERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. BACON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor one of Nebraska’s most dedicated and inspirational leaders. Rita Sanders has served since November 2010 as the mayor of Bellevue, one of the oldest cities in Nebraska and home to one of the largest bases in the United States Air Force, Offutt Air Force Base. She concludes her service as mayor today, and she has achieved many heralded results. Mayor Sanders was inducted into the Filipino Asian American Hall of Fame in 2017 as a testament to her tireless work and tremendous accomplishments as a Filipino American. In addition, the adjutant general for the Nebraska National Guard awarded Rita the Civilian Distinguished Service Medal in March of 2017. Mayor Sanders was born in Hawaii in 1952. Her father served in the United States Army and was a Bronze Medal recipient for heroism in Vietnam. Her mother was originally from Germany. Mayor Sanders is married to Rick, and they have two grown sons. They are owners of a very successful business serving the elderly community. Rita is an outspoken advocate for our servicemembers and has emphasized and enacted measures to enhance public safety, and community and family programs, including programs that support our military families at Offutt. She has served as a longtime board member for the Offutt Advisory Council and was appointed by Governor Pete Ricketts to the Commission on Military and Veterans’ Affairs for the State of Nebraska. Mayor Sanders also embraced the importance of economic development and community enhancement throughout 
the city starting from the time she served as chairman of Bellevue’s Chamber of Commerce. As mayor, she has worked with other city and State officials on the Governor’s Summit on Economic Development to provide expertise on areas such as workforce development, new business recruitment, and tax policy. On October 14, 2017, Mayor Sanders was inducted into the Chicago Filipino Asian American Hall of Fame. The consul general of the Philippines acknowledged Rita’s diligent work to facilitate the return of the historic Balangiga bells which were acquired by U.S. soldiers in September 1901 and brought to America as tribute of the war they fought and the losses they suffered. Leaders of the Filipino Government and Catholic Church hold these bells as highly significant religious artifacts and expressed their concerns over the use of them as a war prize. When Mayor Sanders met with President Duterte earlier this year, she pledged her support to help retrieve the bells. She was successful in her endeavors and attended a ceremony at F.E. Warren Air Force Base in Wyoming where Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis announced the return of the bells. We are proud to recognize Mayor Sanders for her monumental leadership, tireless service, and epic achievements for the city of Bellevue, the Omaha area, and the State of Nebraska. 
Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a young lady in Nebraska who is a fighter, a fighter against a medically complex condition known as acute myeloid leukemia, and a fighter to gain support for H.R. 3325, the Advancing Care for Exceptional Kids Act of 2017, or the ACE Kids Act. That fighter is Grace Fry, who is 11 years old and is in remission from AML. Grace was diagnosed with AML when she was 9 years old after dark bruises started appearing on her shins. Her parents thought the young ballerina had suffered a dancing mishap, but these bruises grew larger. Aggressive treatment was started for Grace at Children’s Hospital & Medical Center in Omaha, and her parents, Jeff and Mandy, managed to maintain a family for their two other children while going through these treatments. Mandy was able to step away from her job to care for Grace, and Jeff was able to telecommute. Thanksgiving that year was spent at the hospital cafeteria, and Grace’s sister spent her 16th birthday at the hospital with her baby sister. b1215 Jeff’s job did provide the family with private insurance, but the loss of Mandy’s income and increased travel costs made for a tight financial situation. Medicaid stepped in to help alleviate the costs not covered by insurance, such as deductibles and coinsurance. The ACE Kids Act is designed to improve care for children with medical complexities who are on Medicaid, while also reducing program spending. The ACE Kids Act addresses existing challenges facing these children, identified by families and physicians, including the provision and coordination of care across multiple providers and services, and easing access to outof State care. This legislation has strong bipartisan support in both Chambers of Congress, and I was pleased earlier this year to join 73 other Republicans and 60 Democrats in working to advance it. Tuesday, the bill will be up for consideration under suspension of the rules. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation tomorrow. Grace loves all her nurses from Children’s Hospital and Medical Center, which serves the most medically complex children in Nebraska and the region because of their highly specialized pediatricians and surgeons. Due to Children’s wide footprint, Medicaid plays a significant role in their patients’ lives. One day, the young fighter known as Grace hopes to become a pediatric oncology nurse. But until then, she will continue to fight for her health and fight for support of the ACE Kids Act. f 
HONORING CHARLIE ODELL LOVETTE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) for 5 minutes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Mr. Charlie Odell Lovette of Wilkes County in North Carolina’s Fifth District. Recently, Mr. Lovette was posthumously inducted into the Wilkes County Agriculture Hall of Fame and 3 miles of Highway NC–16 North were officially renamed in his honor. In addition to being a pioneer of the U.S. poultry industry, Mr. Lovette was an active leader in the community and advocated for the construction of what is now his namesake, C.O. Lovette Highway, connecting Wilkesboro to Millers Creek. Although he passed away in 1978, Mr. Lovette’s legacy is fondly remembered and livelihoods continue to thrive along trails he blazed. Charlie Lovette’s life is a shining example of the American Dream that North Carolinians remain proud of and hopeful for. At the young age of 14, Lovette left home to drive trucks for his uncle, distributing farm products in the foothills and mountains of Wilkes. In the summers, he put his farming skills to use. At age 19, he returned to public school to improve his skills to be able to turn his work experiences into a business of his own. Starting with a horsedrawn wagon to sell apples and working at R.J. Reynolds Tobacco, Mr. Lovette was able to acquire necessary startup capital to contribute to the foundation of the modern poultry industry. He bought the first truck in his enterprise in 1924 and developed a weekly schedule of buying barnyard chickens, butter, eggs, hams, dried apples, honey, and other produce from country stores to sell in Charlotte and WinstonSalem. His business provided a market for local farms to sell and trade their products to produce family farm income. This same year, Mr. Lovette married the love of his life, Ruth Bumgarner. Ruth deserves just as much credit as her husband for being a steadfast pillar of support in his business endeavors and encouraging him to succeed. During this time, chicken production progressed from barnyard chickens to hothouse chickens, and Lovette was an early adopter of this farming innovation. In 1928, he built one of the first hothouse chicken houses on his farm, with capacity for 250 birds. A portion of that chicken house is now on display at the Wilkes Heritage Museum. Hothouse chicken farming increased rapidly in western Wilkes in the 1930s and 1940s. During World War II, processing plants were built in the major cities on the East Coast to supply the war effort, and live chickens were delivered to these plants from Wilkes by Mr. Lovette’s trucks. In 1946, Mr. Lovette sold his live chicken business to his oldest son, C. Fred Lovette. However, Charlie continued to run a smaller farmraised food products business and started Lovette Egg Company in North Wilkesboro with his partner, J.C. Bumgarner. Fifteen years later, Fred Lovette consolidated all the chicken and egg operations to form Holly Farms Poultry Industries. During the 1970s, Holly Farms Poultry Industries became the largest chicken company in the world, with chicken operations in North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, and Texas. Additionally, it was the first chicken brand nationally distributed in the United States. Not only was Mr. Lovette a smart businessman with a strong work ethic, he was also known for his good character. If profits were higher than expected, he passed on extra earnings to his suppliers. He was an adored father of seven who, alongside Ruth, instilled values of faith into the Lovette family, and he was an active member of Pleasant Home Baptist Church. Charlie and Ruth were a team in every endeavor and extended their business success not just to their children, but also to their siblings and many nieces and nephews who lived on the farm and worked at Lovette Poultry Company. The Wilkes farming community has been the beneficiary of Mr. Lovette’s courage to take risks and his determination to succeed. In 1989, Holly Farms was acquired by Tyson Foods, and in Wilkes, the industry still generates more than $300 million in gross annual revenue, employs 3,300 people, and supports 200 family farms. 
With a lot of hard work and limited means, Mr. Lovette became a pioneer of the poultry industry, and his legacy is enshrined in the Wilkes community. He is an example for us all of the endless possibilities in our country and what the seeds of big dreams, with the support and collaboration of family and community, can grow into. 
HONORING MUNFORD HIGH SCHOOL BAND The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. KUSTOFF ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the students of the Munford High School marching band. About 265 students from Tipton County, Tennessee, will represent Munford High School in the Tournament of Roses Parade. This annual tradition takes place each year in Pasadena, California, on New Year’s Day. It is a distinct honor to be invited to march in the Tournament of Roses Parade, with only five bands from across the Nation receiving an invitation each year. Munford High School will be the only band from the mid South area selected for this event. This talented group of students, led by Dr. Courtney Fee and director Barry Trobaugh, will be proudly representing not only Munford High School but the entire State of Tennessee. They have made our community proud. To the students: You have worked really long and hard hours for this day to come. I hope you take in each and every moment of this incredible opportunity in Pasadena. May you remember this moment and this honor for many years to come. Best of luck, Cougars. Tennessee is really proud of you. 
HONORING LIEUTENANT JOHN WHITE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lieutenant John White on his service to both our Nation and the city of Savannah. Lieutenant White served as a United States Marine in the Pacific theater during World War II. There, he became part of the 51st Defense Battalion, the first African American combat unit. When he returned from war, he was recruited by Chief James Roger to join the Savannah Police Department. On May 3, 1947, Lieutenant White became the first African American officer in the State of Georgia, where he continued to serve for 38 years. He is now the last surviving member of the original nine Black police officers who joined the Savannah Police Department. I want to thank Lieutenant John White for his monumental service, which paved the way for other African Americans to go to work each day and serve their communities in the State of Georgia. HONORING THE LIFE OF DR . HENRY HERBERT  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of Dr. Henry Herbert ‘‘Nubbin’’ Cobb, a pharmacist in Athens, Georgia, who passed away on November 20, 2018, at the age of 72. Dr. Cobb wore many hats throughout his life as a pharmacist, serving our Nation and the State of Georgia alike. First, Dr. Cobb joined the United States Air Force for 5 years as chief pharmacist, serving abroad in places like the Philippines. Upon his return, he completed a master’s degree and a Ph.D. degree from the University of Georgia College of Pharmacy. From there, he taught college students, worked with St. Mary’s Hospital for 44 years, and practiced as a nursing home pharmacist. His expertise and dedication will be missed in the pharmacy profession and at the University of Georgia. As a former student of Dr. Cobb’s, I can attest to his dedication to our great profession. His family and friends will be in my thoughts and prayers. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Bill Brown as he celebrated his 100th birthday on December 3. Born and raised in Brunswick, Georgia, Mr. Brown is a stalwart of the community. After 100 years, though, he is not only a stalwart, but he has also made a significant impact on the community’s development and countless individuals’ lives. During World War II, Mr. Brown joined the shipyards on the Brunswick River to build Liberty ships for the war effort. When the war was over, he embarked on a 60year career selling real estate in the area. During this time, he had a firsthand perspective of Brunswick’s growth. Although these are only a few of the many ways he served his community throughout his life, one of his most important may be that he rarely misses being in his pew at the First United Methodist Church. I am glad to see the hundreds of people who came to Mr. BROWN ’s birthday, each with well wishes and lots of thanks for Mr. BROWN  and how he helped them along the way. Mr. Brown, happy birthday. 
HONORING BRUNSWICK PILOT JOHN BEIMLER , APPRENTICE PILOT GORDON STROTHER , JR., AND 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Captain Danny Jones, pilot John Beimler, and apprentice Gordon Strother, Jr., for rescuing a man in danger at sea near the Saint Simons Island pier on November 19. The crew and their boat, the Glynn, were approaching the pier when they noticed a crowd pointing to a person floating in the water. The crew spotted the unresponsive man and acted swiftly, pulling him onto the boat, applying first aid, and covering him in warm blankets. This is truly a heroic event, and I couldn’t be more proud of the actions of these individuals in the First Congressional District of Georgia. In addition, thank you to the Glynn County Fire Department, Glynn County Police Department, and EMTs, who also assisted in saving the individual’s life. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 27 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. ISSA) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Dear Lord, we give You thanks for giving us another day. At the beginning of a new workweek, we use this moment to be reminded of Your presence and to tap the resources needed by the Members of this people’s House to do their work as well as it can be done. May they be led by Your spirit in the decisions they make. May they possess Your power as they steady themselves amid the pressures of persistent problems. May their faith in You deliver them from tensions that make fruitful legislative work difficult and from worries that might wear them out. All this day, and through the week, may they do their best to find solutions to pressing issues facing our Nation. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
HONORING CAPTAIN JAHMAR RESILARD, USMC (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to an American patriot and fallen hero, Captain Jahmar Resilard, who was killed in a midair collision off the Japanese coast just a few days ago. A native of Miramar, Florida, Jahmar found a love for flying at a young age as he pursued opportunities with the local Civil Air Patrol. After his graduation from college, Jahmar began to consider a higher calling, and when given the opportunity to serve his country and pursue his passion for flying, his career as a Marine aviator took off. Upon securing his commission, Captain Resilard was assigned to the Marine AllWeather Fighter Attack Squadron 242, where he flew the F/A18 Hornet and worked tirelessly to defend the freedoms that we as Americans hold dear. Mr. Speaker, as the stepmother to Marine aviators who flew the F/A18 Hornet in Iraq, I am familiar with the courage and resolve that is required to dedicate one’s life to our country, and Captain Resilard did just that. My heart goes out to his family and his friends. To our hero, I say rest easy in the skies above. Semper Fi, Captain. 
CONDEMNING HEZBOLLAH’S TUNNELING ATTACKS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, the ongoing malicious and provocative construction by Hezbollah of attack tunnels along the Israeli northern border have intensified. This puts innocent lives in critical danger, requiring Israel to destroy the tunnels located on Israeli territory. The world should condemn Hezbollah, a murderous terrorist organization, for infiltration designed to kidnap Israeli citizens. The message of National Security Advisor John Bolton is clear to ‘‘call on Hezbollah to stop its tunneling into Israel.’’ This major aggression by the Iranianbacked terrorists has also moved the Trump administration to impose greater sanctions on the terrorist group and to encourage all nations to stand up against the Iranian malign behavior. The Hezbollah attack tunnels are a blatant violation of Israeli sovereignty and a violation of U.N. Security Council Resolutions 1559 and 1701, which call for the disarmament of all nonstate militias and a verified demilitarized zone in southern Lebanon. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may we never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
HONORING TYNDALL AIR FORCE BASE (Mr. DUNN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the airmen of Tyndall Air Force Base on a special date. Today marks exactly 2 months since Tyndall took a direct hit from Hurricane Michael, a devastating category 4.9 storm that damaged more than 90 percent of the structures on the air base. I salute the tremendous efforts of the Tyndall Air Force community and the surrounding civilian community for their recovery efforts. It is the remarkable work of the base leadership and all of the airmen of Tyndall that enabled this base and its elementary school to reopen ahead of schedule today. The men and women of Tyndall have shown great courage and determination in a time of extreme adversity. It is my great honor and pleasure to represent Tyndall Air Force Base, and I commend the work that they are doing day in and day out to rebuild this base stronger and better than ever. 
HONORING KRISANN PEARCE (Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Krisann Pearce, who will leave the Education and the Workforce Committee at the end of this Congress after many years of outstanding service. Krisann began her career as a teacher. She brought those lessons with her to Capitol Hill, where she began her work in education policy on the staff of her home State Senator, Nancy Kassebaum. While she has thrived in other opportunities along the way, her main home has been with us, the best committee in the House, where she has served as general counsel since 2011. Krisann has played a major role in every piece of education legislation over the past two decades. She is also one of a very few talented professionals whose counsel has informed both education and workforce policy. Krisann is renowned for her fierce devotion to students, the parliamentary process, and her beloved Kansas Jayhawks. We are grateful to her husband, Evan, and her sons, Carson and Nolan, for all the years of long days and late nights they have shared Krisann with all of us, and we wish her the very best. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 6, 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Clerk received the following message from the Secretary of the Senate on December 6, 2018, at 1:28 p.m.: That the Senate passed S. 2679. That the Senate passed S. 3561. That the Senate agreed to without an amendment H.J. Res. 143. That the Senate passed without an amendment H.R. 1417. That the Senate passed without an amendment H.R. 1861. That the Senate passed without an amendment H.R. 3398. That the Senate passed without an amendment H.R. 4111. That the Senate passed without an amendment H.R. 5238. That the Senate passed without an amendment H.R. 6330. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman BISHOP for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a few minutes to talk about my bill, H.R. 5513, the Big Bear Land Exchange Act. This bill would authorize a land exchange of approximately 71 acres of land in the San Bernardino National Forest for approximately 73 acres of land currently owned by San Bernardino County. This land would be used by the county to build a timber processing facility that would serve the mountain communities. Currently, trees and other forest waste are driven down the mountain through a narrow and winding pass to a processing facility in the valley, resulting in increased traffic congestion, significant wear and tear on mountain roads, and numerous traffic accidents. This has been exacerbated this week. We had quite a bit of snow, and, once again, it was very, very treacherous. Safety is always a problem on these mountain roads. This land exchange would require the relocation of a small portion of the Pacific Crest Trail. I have worked closely with the Pacific Crest Trail Association to include language ensuring that the relocation would include environmental review and will occur before the exchange takes place. This land exchange has virtually unanimous local support, including the city of Big Bear Lake, the Friends of Big Bear Valley, the Big Bear Fire Department, the Big Bear City Community Services Department, the Big Bear Municipal Water District, the Bear Valley Community Healthcare District, the Big Bear Chamber of Commerce, and the local Big Bear Group chapter of the Sierra Club. We haven’t heard from the local bear associations at all. That is a bad joke. It passed out of the House Natural Resources Committee on a unanimous vote. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5513. This bill authorizes an equal value land exchange between the U.S. Forest Service and San Bernardino County. The exchange would allow the county to build a resource conservation and recovery facility adjacent to the current transfer station. The Forest Service would receive an undeveloped parcel currently surrounded by the San Bernardino National Forest. H.R. 5513 is supported by the nearby city of Big Bear, by the Friends of Big 
Bear Valley, and by the local chapter of the Sierra Club. I thank my colleague, Representative COOK, for working to address some of our concerns with earlier drafts of this bill. Thanks to his efforts, we have ensured this exchange will be subject to existing law, that it will preserve critical and occupied habitat for endangered species, and that the exchange will have minimal impacts on the Pacific Crest National Scenic Trail. H.R. 5513 demonstrates how a collaborative process can meet the interests of local stakeholders, while protecting the integrity of our environment and public lands. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this piece of legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is a perfect example of how to do something well. I commend Congressman COOKfor listening to his local constituents, trying to get their input, and getting a bill that has total local support. It is the way things should be done, solving a problem for both the Forest Service, as well as San Bernardino County. Not only will the Forest Service get a small parcel of land which solves the problem of inholdings within their property, but San Bernardino County gets the ability of solving significant problems they have in the area of public safety. This is one of those things that is a winwin situation: a winwin situation which actually provides safety, as well as the changing of that trail, if absolutely necessary, but that has to be worked out before any of this is concluded. The bottom line here is that we have realized there is a significant problem, we have recognized this is a significant problem, and, by working with local communities to get their input trying to come up with a locallydriven solution to that problem, this is the way government should operate. Unfortunately, it doesn’t operate that way all the time, but Congressman COOK has worked very hard to make sure that this is one of those positive efforts. This bill is one of those things that is a win for all of us. Mr. Speaker, I heartily ask my colleagues to vote in favor of this, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5513, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PRESERVING AMERICA’S BATTLEFIELDS ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6108) to provide for partnerships among State and local governments, regional entities, and the private sector to preserve, conserve, and enhance the visitor experience at nationally significant battlefields of the American Revolution, War of 1812, and Civil War, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6108 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Preserving America’s Battlefields Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CIVIL WAR BATTLEFIELD PRESERVATION ACT OF 2002. 
Section 2 of the Civil War Battlefield Preservation Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–359) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: ‘‘(1) Battlefields of the American Revolution, War of 1812 and the Civil War— ‘‘(A) provide a means for the people of the United States to understand our Nation’s turbulent first century; ‘‘(B) serve as living memorials to those who fought and sacrificed in these conflicts to establish and maintain our freedom and liberty; ‘‘(C) serve as training grounds for our Nation’s Armed Forces; and ‘‘(D) serve as heritage tourism destinations, generating revenue for local economies. ‘‘(2) According to the Report on the Nation’s Civil War Battlefields, prepared by the National Park Service and updated in 2010, of the 383 Civil War battlefields identified as national preservation priorities— ‘‘(A) only at 31 battlefields is more than half of the surviving landscape permanently protected; ‘‘(B) at 227 battlefields, less than half of the surviving landscape is permanently protected; ‘‘(C) 65 battlefields have no protection at all; and ‘‘(D) 113 battlefields have been severely hampered by development since the Civil War or are on the verge of being overwhelmed. ‘‘(3) According to the 2007 Report to Congress on the Historic Preservation of Revolutionary War and War of 1812 Sites in the United States, prepared by the National Park Service, of the 243 principal Revolutionary War and War of 1812 battlefields identified as national preservation priorities— ‘‘(A) almost 70 percent lie within urban areas as denoted in the 2000 U.S. Census; ‘‘(B) 141 are lost or extremely fragmented, with residential and commercial development being the chief threats; ‘‘(C) 100 other battlefields retain significant features and lands from the period of battle, although on average these battlefields retain only 37 percent of the original historic scene; ‘‘(D) of these 100 surviving but diminished battle landscapes, 82 are partially owned and protected by public and nonprofit stewards, although the extent of that protection varies from site to site; ‘‘(E) 18 are without any legal protection; ‘‘(F) the condition of two battlefields is unknown, with additional research and survey being required to determine their exact location and condition; and ‘‘(G) the paucity of existing battlefield landscapes necessitates preservation and maintenance of what precious little remains today. ‘‘(b) PURPOSES .—The purposes of this Act are— ‘‘(1) to act quickly and proactively to preserve and protect nationally significant battlefields of the American Revolution, War of 1812, and Civil War through conservation easements and feesimple purchases of those battlefields from willing sellers; and ‘‘(2) to create partnerships among State and local governments, regional entities, and the private sector to preserve, conserve, and enhance the visitor experience at nationally significant battlefields of the American Revolution, War of 1812, and Civil War.’’. 
Section 308103(f) of title 54, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to provide grants under this section $15,000,000 for each fiscal year through 2025, of which not more than 10 percent may be used each fiscal year as follows: ‘‘(1) Not more than $1,000,000 for projects and programs that modernize battlefield interpretive and educational assets through the deployment of technology, disbursed through the competitive grant process to nonprofit organizations. ‘‘(2) Not more than $1,000,000 for grants to organizations described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code to be used for projects that restore dayofbattle conditions on land preserved through Battlefield Land Acquisition Grant Program funds.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE), the sponsor of this excellent piece of legislation that protects our heritage and our battlefields. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the opportunity to speak on behalf of my bill, H.R. 6108, the Preserving America’s Battlefields Act. Mr. Speaker, the American Battlefield Protection Program was first authorized in 1996 by Congress in order to promote and protect significant American battlefield sites, as well as to provide an educational platform for current and future generations of Americans. Since the inception of this program, Battlefield Land Acquisition Grants have been used extensively to preserve portions of dozens of battlefield sites that have played a significant role in the American Revolution, 
the War of 1812, and the American Civil War. These dollarfordollar matching land grants have saved more than 30,000 acres of battlefields across 20 States. Just this past year, in my own district, this program assisted in securing 180 acres of battlegrounds surrounding the site of Kettle Creek Battlefield, which is the site of the only significant patriot victory in Georgia during the Revolutionary War. This bill would reauthorize the successful bipartisan Federal grant programs, and would dedicate a portion of that authorization for educational purposes and for the restoration and interpretation of highpriority battlefield sites. This will help make these battlegrounds beautiful, historic, and educational tourist destinations. This program has been one of the most successful and efficient land grant programs in our Nation’s history, continually receiving bipartisan support. Both former Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama supported the program’s authorization and subsequent reauthorizations, respectively. I am very proud to say that this bill has continued in that rich tradition of bipartisan support here in the 115th Congress. With the 250th anniversary of our Nation’s founding fast approaching, there is no better time to protect our battlefields and prepare them for the influx of visitors expected during that time. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman BISHOP , the minority, our hardworking Natural Resources Committee staff, and the American Battlefield Trust for helping us get this bill across the finish line. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6108, which authorizes additional funding for the Battlefield Acquisition Grant Program. This program has a long track record of efficiently and costeffectively preserving battlefield sites from the American Revolution, the Civil War, and the War of 1812. By utilizing publicprivate funding matches, through which Federal contributions are leveraged with private sector funds, the program maximizes the preservation impact of every dollar spent. It is critical that we extend this grant matching program because many of these historic battlefield sites lack permanent protection and are under threat from encroaching development. If we don’t act swiftly, we could soon lose access to sites of significant historical importance. By extending additional funding to this program, and by allowing a portion of this new funding to go towards educational and interpretive upgrades at these sites, we ensure that future generations of Americans will always remember the sacrifices made to preserve our Nation. Unfortunately, I worry that this legislation, as important as it is for preserving our Nation’s history, rings somewhat hollow. We need to recognize that the grant program H.R. 6108 extends is funded through the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which expired in September for the second time this Congress. At our committee’s hearing on H.R. 6108, our distinguished witness from the American Battlefield Trust recognized that this proposal doesn’t hold water unless LWCF is reauthorized. Mr. Speaker, while I rise in support of H.R. 6108, I also urge my colleagues to support the permanent reauthorization of LWCF. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is one of those bills that makes an old history teacher’s heart fill with joy. It is one of the right things to do. We are talking about areas that are living memorials to the heroism and to the sacrifice of those people who made this country what it is. This bill is about preserving our history, helping us know, understand, and retain the story of who we are as a nation, and also how we arrived there as a nation. All of that is significant. It is significant in that it will reauthorize the program through 2025, it is significant because it also will reauthorize an authorization level, which is, in practicality, what we have available to spend on this particular program, but, more importantly, it also involves the private sector becoming involved in this. Indeed, if our history is to be maintained, it is not going to be done simply by the government mandating it. We have to involve the private sector to become part of understanding why these areas are significant and what is the lesson to be learned there. Not only will his bill talk about acquisition of land for these battlefield areas, but also about how we restore this land to the way it was at the time that history was being made on these properties, and, more importantly, how do we improve the education resources. So the story of what we are as a Nation, the story of what this specific site meant as we become a unified Nation as we move forward, that is retained and passed on from generation to generation. That is a significant issue and is a significant process. b1545 Mr. Speaker, I commend the gentleman from Georgia for his commitment to understanding how important battlefields are to the history of this country and how important it is that that history is passed on to future generations. That is why this is a significant program that needs to go forward. Mr. Speaker, once again, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this particular legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6108, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
GEORGE W. BUSH CHILDHOOD HOME STUDY ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3008) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the George W. Bush Childhood Home, located at 1412 West Ohio Avenue, Midland, Texas, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3008 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘George W. Bush Childhood Home Study Act’’. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of the Interior shall conduct a special resource study of the George W. Bush Childhood Home, located at 1412 West Ohio Avenue, Midland, Texas (referred to in this section as the ‘‘site’’). (b) CONTENTS .—In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) evaluate the national significance of the site; (2) determine the suitability and feasibility of designating the site as a unit of the National Park System; (3) consider other alternatives for preservation, protection, and interpretation of the site by Federal, State, or local governmental entities, or private and nonprofit organizations; (4) consult with interested Federal, State, or local governmental entities, private and nonprofit organizations or any other interested individuals; (5) determine the effect of the designation of the site as a unit of the National Park System on existing commercial and recreational uses, and the effect on State and local governments to manage those activities; (6) identify any authorities, including condemnation, that will compel or permit the Secretary to influence or participate in local land use decisions (such as zoning) or place restrictions on nonFederal land if the site is designated a unit of the National Park System; and (7) identify cost estimates for any Federal acquisition, development, interpretation, operation, and maintenance associated with the alternatives. (c) APPLICABLE LAW.—The study required under subsection (a) shall be conducted in accordance with section 100507 of title 54, United States Code. (d) STUDY RESULTS .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are first made available for the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate the results of the study and any conclusions and recommendations of the Secretary. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ), the sponsor of this bill, to explain the significance of this study. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time and bringing this bill forward. Mr. Speaker, as the title says, this bill authorizes the National Park Service to study the feasibility of maintaining the George W. Bush Childhood Home. It has already undergone a reconnaissance study, which says that the Service does believe that it meets these criteria, but this will be the final piece in that process. Mr. Speaker, last week, our Nation honored, mourned, and celebrated the life of George H.W. Bush, as we should. As a part of that, I think it is really timely that, this week, we have an opportunity to further that memorialization of the Bush family by pushing the National Park Service further in its responsibilities to maintain this home. We are reminded, as of last week, of the importance of preserving the visual imprints of our past for the benefit of our future. The Bush family is the epitome of the American Dream. They not only worked hard and achieved success, but built on their accomplishments and devoted their entire lives to public service. Personal success means nothing, Mr. Speaker, without the initiative to give back. The George W. Bush Childhood Home serves to educate its visitors and celebrate the strong work ethic and earned west Texas grit of the Bush legacy, of the home that tells the story of two Presidents, two Governors, and a remarkable First Lady. It was in this home that George H.W. Bush and Barbara jumpstarted their lives to west Texas, his career in the oil and gas business, and raised George W. Bush through the formative years of his childhood. This home was the backdrop for the quiet beginnings of a young family that found themselves moving West, like so many families before them, seeking their own opportunities and a path through life. Mr. Speaker, there are currently no National Park Service units relating to the George W. Bush childhood, career, or Presidency located within the Permian Basin or lower Panhandle region of Texas. I can think of no better first addition to the system than a structure that celebrates the Bush family, the pride of west Texas. Although the site is currently open to the public, oversight by the National Park Service will ensure that it is maintained and gives many more Americans access to the site to be inspired by one of America’s and Midland’s premier families. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill authorizes a special resource study of the George W. Bush Childhood Home to determine the significance of the site and the feasibility of designating it as a unit of the National Park Service. The home in Midland, Texas, is where George W. Bush lived for 4 years between the ages of 5 and 9, and not coincidentally, it is also where George H.W. Bush lived at the beginning of his political career. The structure is listed in the National Register of Historic Places and currently operates as a museum. I support the proposed study to consider designating this site a unit of the National Park Service and determine the appropriate management to ensure its preservation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, once again, we have a situation here where there is already a museum that is run by a nonprofit entity in this area. What is being asked here is for a study to be done by the National Park Service to find the significance of including this as part of the National Park Service’s portfolio of properties. It is fitting that we try to do this, for, indeed, in American history, there have been only two times when there has been both a father and a son who have served as President of the United States, once with the Adams and now with the Bushes. So having a home where they, as well as the future Governor of Florida, actually resided is one of those things that clearly is a unique sense of history. It is a unique property that provides that sense of history. So for a study to be done on whether it should be added to the National Park Service repertoire of sites is a proper thing to do. Mr. Speaker, I commend Congressman CONAWAY ’s efforts to recognize and honor two of our country’s Presidents, and I urge my colleagues, once again, to adopt this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3008. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. f 
AMERICAN WORLD WAR II HERITAGE CITY ANNUAL DESIGNATIONS Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6118) to direct the Secretary of the Interior to annually designate at least one city in the United States as an ‘‘American World War II Heritage City’’, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6118 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—In order to recognize and ensure the continued preservation and importance of the history of the United States involvement in World War II, each calendar year the Secretary of the Interior (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may designate not less than one city located in one of the several States or a territory of the United States as an ‘‘American World War II Heritage City’’. Not more than one city in each State or territory may be designated under this section. (b) APPLICATION FOR DESIGNATION .—The Secretary shall— (1) establish and publicize the process by which a city may apply for designation as an American World War II Heritage City based on the criteria in subsection (c); and (2) encourage cities to apply for designation as an American World War II Heritage City. (c) CRITERIA FOR DESIGNATION .—The Sec retary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution or the President of the National Trust for Historic Preservation, shall make each designation under subsection (a) based on the following criteria: (1) Contributions by a city and its environs to the World War II homefront war effort, including contributions related to— (A) defense manufacturing, such as ships, aircraft, uniforms, and equipment; (B) production of foodstuffs and consumer items for Armed Forces and home consumption; (C) war bond drives; (D) adaptations to wartime survival; (E) volunteer participation; (F) civil defense preparedness; (G) personnel serving in the Armed Forces, their achievements, and facilities for their rest and recreation; or (H) the presence of Armed Forces camps, bases, airfields, harbors, repair facilities, and other installations within or in its environs. (2) Achievements by a city and its environs to preserve the heritage and legacy of the city’s contributions to the war effort and to preserve World War II history, including— (A) the identification, preservation, restoration, and interpretation of World War II related structures, facilities and sites; (B) establishment of museums, parks, and markers; (C) establishment of memorials to area men who lost their lives in service; 
(D) organizing groups of veterans and homefront workers and their recognition; (E) presentation of cultural events such as dances, plays, and lectures; (F) public relations outreach through the print and electronic media, and books; and (G) recognition and ceremonies remembering wartime event anniversaries. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. ROUZER ), the sponsor of this piece of legislation. Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, our country has been and continues to be the greatest force for good known to mankind. The men and women of our military have played a central role in this virtuous effort. There was no greater time of difficulty and challenge that tested this notion more than during World War II. H.R. 6118 provides a way to honor the major contributions made by our cities during World War II by granting the Secretary of the Interior the ability to designate one city each year as a World War II heritage city, provided that city meets the criteria for recognition outlined in the legislation. As many from the Greatest Generation know, World War II required a nationwide effort to assist with the many components of war production. Yet, there are many all across this great land who do not know that cities from across the Nation stepped up in a major way to assist with defense manufacturing and the production of food, clothing, and other necessary goods. No one can attest to these efforts better than Captain Wilbur D. Jones of Wilmington, North Carolina. Captain Jones is retired from the U.S. Navy, a distinguished author, an active veteran, and a war historian who has worked to preserve our States’ World War II history for the past two decades. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Captain Jones for his hard work and steadfast dedication to this cause. Without his leadership, the idea, introduction, and passage of this bill never would have come to fruition. This legislation will provide every city that contributed to the many heroic World War II efforts an incentive to preserve that history, a great and noble undertaking so that all citizens will have a better understanding of our history and even more pride in our great heritage. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the ranking member of the committee for their help with and accommodation of this bill. I would also like to thank our State Legislature for their very active support and endorsement, the Wilmington City Council, and Mayor Bill Saffo. I also should mention the great work of Senator BURRand Senator T ILLIS on the other side of the Capitol for their help in getting this legislation passed so that, hopefully, it will be signed into law by the President in the next couple of weeks. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to honor the contributions and war efforts made by American cities during World War II, including the work by these cities to preserve this history. This bill honors the history of our Nation and enshrines the efforts made by American cities that were integral to our success in World War II. For example, Wilmington, North Carolina, constructed 243 cargo vessels, served as a base for all five military branches, hosted German prisoners of war, and dispatched thousands of soldiers to fight. Current efforts to preserve this history include landmarks such as the Battleship North Carolina and the Hannah Block Historic USO Building. This will give the Secretary the authority to validate these contributions, along with those of countless other cities that contributed to the war effort. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative ROUZER for his work on this bill, and I am happy to voice my support of it. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, during World War II, our cities built armaments; they had war bond drives; and they grew victory gardens. They did what they could to support our troops who were fighting abroad in a twofront war. It is significant and important that we recognize the efforts that went into that part of our history and also that we reward, in some way, the efforts to protect that history so that we will always remember the sacrifices that were made by the Greatest Generation and recognize their efforts on the field of battle, as well as back home, to preserve that and support that. The past will not be forgotten. This part of our American history will be remembered going forward. Mr. Speaker, this is a wonderful effort to do that, to actually provide, once again, for the history of this country, for the symbols of this country, for the future of this country, to remember how we got to the position in which we are. This bill authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to designate at least one city a year, each year, as an American World War II Heritage City. It is appropriate that we go forward on this. Mr. Speaker, I fully support its efforts, and I urge the adoption of this bill by my colleagues. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6118, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to annually designate at least one city in the United States as an ‘American World War II Heritage City’, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1600 OFFSHORE WIND FOR TERRITORIES ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6665) to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to apply to territories of the United States, to establish offshore wind lease sale requirements, to provide dedicated funding for coral reef conservation, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6665 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Offshore Wind for Territories Act’’. 
SEC. 2. APPLICATION OF OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF LANDS ACT WITH RESPECT TO TERRITORIES OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331) is amended— (1) in paragraph (a)— (A) by inserting after ‘‘control’’ the following: ‘‘or lying within the exclusive economic zone of the United States and the outer Continental Shelf adjacent to any territory or possession of the United States’’; and (B) by adding at the end before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, except that such term shall not include any area conveyed by Congress to a territorial government for administration’’; (2) in paragraph (p), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; (3) in paragraph (q), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(r) The term ‘State’ includes each territory of the United States.’’. (b) EXCLUSIONS .—Section 18 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1344) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) This section shall not apply to the scheduling of lease sales in the outer Continental Shelf adjacent to the territories and possessions of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 3. DISPOSITION OF REVENUES WITH RESPECT TO TERRITORIES OF THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 9 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1338) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘All rentals’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in law, all rentals’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) DISPOSITION OF REVENUES TO TERRITORIES OF THE UNITED STATES .—Of the rentals, royalties, and other sums paid to the Secretary under this Act from a lease for an area of land on the outer Continental Shelf adjacent to a territory and lying within the exclusive economic zone of the United States pertaining to such territory, and not otherwise obligated or appropriated— ‘‘(1) 50 percent shall be deposited in the Treasury and credited to miscellaneous receipts; ‘‘(2) 12.5 percent shall be deposited in the Coral Reef Conservation Fund established under section 211 of the Coral Reef Conservation Act of 2000; and ‘‘(3) 37.5 percent shall be disbursed to territories of the United States in an amount for each territory (based on a formula established by the Secretary by regulation) that is inversely proportional to the respective distance between the point on the coastline of the territory that is closest to the geographic center of the applicable leased tract and the geographic center of the leased tract.’’. 
SEC. 4. WIND LEASE SALES FOR AREAS OF OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF. 
(a) C ONDITIONAL WINDLEASE SALES IN TERRITORIES OF THE UNITED STATES .—The Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 33. WIND LEASE SALES FOR AREAS OF OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary may conduct wind lease sales on the outer Continental Shelf. ‘‘(b) WINDLEASE SALE PROCEDURE .—Any wind lease sale conducted under this section shall be considered a lease under section 8(p). ‘‘(c) WINDLEASE SALES OFFCOASTS OF  TERRITORIES OF THE UNITED STATES .— ‘‘(1) STUDY ON FEASIBILITY OF CONDUCTING  
WIND LEASE SALES .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall conduct a study on the feasibility, including the technological and longterm economic feasibility, of conducting wind lease sales on an area of the outer Continental Shelf within the territorial jurisdiction of American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands of the United States. ‘‘(B) CONSULTATION .—In conducting the study required in paragraph (A), the Secretary shall consult— ‘‘(i) the National Renewable Energy Laboratory of the Department of Energy; and ‘‘(ii) the Governor of each of American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands of the United States. ‘‘(C) PUBLICATION .—The study required in paragraph (A) shall be published in the Federal Register for public comment for not fewer than 60 days. ‘‘(D) SUBMISSION OF RESULTS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit the results of the study conducted under subparagraph (A) to: ‘‘(i) the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(iii) each of the delegates or resident commissioner to the House of Representatives from American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands of the United States, respectively. ‘‘(E) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The study required under subparagraph (A) and results submitted under subparagraph (C) shall be made readily available on a public Government internet website. ‘‘(2) CALL FOR INFORMATION AND NOMINA TIONS .—The Secretary shall issue a call for information and nominations for proposed wind lease sales for areas determined to be feasible under the study conducted under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) CONDITIONAL WIND LEASE SALES .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—For each territory, the Secretary shall conduct not less than 1 wind lease sale on an area of the outer Continental Shelf within the territorial jurisdiction of such territory that meets each of the following criteria: ‘‘(i) The study required under paragraph (1)(A) concluded that a wind lease sale on the area is feasible. ‘‘(ii) The Secretary has determined that the call for information has generated sufficient interest for the area. ‘‘(iii) The Secretary has consulted with the Secretary of Defense regarding such a sale. ‘‘(iv) The Secretary has consulted with the Governor of the territory regarding the suitability of the area for wind energy development. ‘‘(B) EXCEPTION .—If no area of the outer Continental Shelf within the territorial jurisdiction of a territory meets each of the criteria in clauses (i) through (iii) of subparagraph (A), the requirement under subparagraph (A) shall not apply to such territory.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Coral Reef Conservation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 6401 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury the Coral Reef Conservation Fund, hereafter referred to as the Fund. ‘‘(b) DEPOSITS .—For each fiscal year, there shall be deposited in the Fund the portion of such revenues due and payable to the United States under subsection (b)(2) of section 9 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1338). ‘‘(c) USES.—Amounts deposited in the Fund under this section and appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce under subsection (f) shall be used by the Secretary of Commerce to carry out the Coral Reef Conservation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 6401 et seq.), with priority given to carrying out sections 204 and 206 of such Act (16 U.S.C. 6403 and 6405). ‘‘(d) AVAILABILITY .—Amounts deposited in the Fund shall remain in the Fund until appropriated by Congress. ‘‘(e) REPORTING .—The President shall include with the proposed budget for the United States Government submitted to Congress for a fiscal year a comprehensive statement of deposits into the Fund during the previous fiscal year and estimated requirements during the following fiscal year for appropriations from the Fund. ‘‘(f) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated from the Fund to the Secretary of Commerce, an amount equal to the amount deposited in the Fund in the previous fiscal year. ‘‘(g) NOLIMITATION .—Appropriations from the Fund pursuant to this section may be made without fiscal year limitation.’’. (b) RENAMING OF EXISTING FUND.—Section 205 of the Coral Reef Conservation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 6404) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
REEF PUBLIC PRIVATE PARTNERSHIP ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘FUND’’ and inserting ‘‘P UBLIC PRIVATE  PARTNERSHIP ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘, hereafter referred to as the Fund,’’; and (3) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Fund’’ and inserting ‘‘separate interest bearing account’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am going to read this part. From the whooshing in the western Pacific to the windswept waters of the Atlantic, a wonderful wealth of offshore wind exists. While this wonderful resource weapon withstood the tests of time in Europe, we have waffled in our worldview on wind power. But worry not. With this worthy bill, we will warrant our Nation’s territories—from Guam to Puerto Rico— will no longer be wasting their overwater reward and will be powered with the waterproof windmills. Now I have to stop because I did that for the staffer who wrote it. Obviously, I don’t do this kind of stuff, and I lost the bet. However, despite the alliteration that went there, this is still a good bill which will move us forward in energy production, especially in our territories of the United States. With that, Mr. Speaker, I obviously urge my colleagues to support it and move us forward, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill provides a number of benefits for the territories of the United States: Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. It adds them to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, allowing them to begin developing offshore wind in their waters, a potentially crucial source of new clean energy for their residents. It sets up a system by which the territories receive a share of the revenue generated by any new offshore wind development. Currently, our territories rely primarily on imported diesel for generating electricity, putting them at high risk of supply disruptions and forcing 
residents there to pay some of the highest electricity rates anywhere in the country, particularly when oil prices spike. As hurricanes and extreme weather events continue to challenge the energy security of these territories, developing offshore wind will make for more resilient communities, decrease dependency on fossil fuels, and potentially bring electricity prices down significantly. However, because the territories are currently not covered by the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, there is no legal mechanism for putting wind turbines in the waters off their coastlines. This bill fixes this longstanding unfairness, offers them a share of any revenues generated by offshore wind, and also protects their coastlines by leaving them off of the offshore oil and gas leasing process. Additionally, some of the revenues generated by this bill are allocated to the Coral Reef Conservation Program, preserving, sustaining, and restoring the condition of coral reef ecosystems that, in many cases, are crucial for the environment and tourism economy of these same territories. H.R. 6665 is a commonsense bill for the growth and success of U.S. territories and the environment, while also providing new sources of clean, carbon free energy. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman could at least put some kind of rhyme in there. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N) to speak on this particular bill. Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the honorable Delegate from Guam (Ms. BORDALLO ) for taking this initiative to present H.R. 6665, and Chairman BISHOP  and Ranking Member GRIJALVA for having moved this legislation to continue to extend equal treatment to the American community of citizens in the territories. It has been a privilege to join in on bipartisan proposals for applying, uniformly, the Federal laws for the benefit of the people of our territories. Equal treatment for all American communities is a goal that should be shared by all in this Congress, and we will continue to seek it. America’s continued prosperity requires a modernized energy system that makes the best use of all the domestic resources available, including expanding use of wind in our domestic waters. Puerto Rico has directly experienced the need to have better energy infrastructure in place. Today, only 2 percent of our energy in Puerto Rico comes just from renewable sources. Our plans for longterm recovery of our electric grid include a much higher reliance on renewable energy to reduce environmental impact and increase efficiency. Since, today, many of the territories rely on expensive diesel or fuel oil generation systems, an integration of greater diversity of generating sources will provide them greater flexibility in their development plans. At the same time, however, this upgrade on our generation’s sources should be conducted in each jurisdiction based on its technical, economic, and environmental viability and rely more on private investment participation instead of taxpayer funding. This legislation will direct the Department of the Interior to study what is the viability of Continental Shelf wind resources off the shore of the territories. If the result is positive, then the Department of the Interior will initiate the process of auctioning the leasing rights for such projects on the same basis as for the waters outside the States. If such development proceeds, 2.5 percent of the revenues collected will be reserved for coral reef protection and 37.5 percent for the respective territory for environmental remediation uses. This way is the better way to develop energy resources and provide, also, funding for the territories to take their own measures for securing better environmental conditions. I expect the House will support this effort to bring uniform treatment to all jurisdictions under the American flag in an important area of policy, which is energy, and open up investment and development opportunities to all of us. Once again, I want to thank my colleague from Guam (Ms. BORDALLO ) and the chairman of the committee for having this bill, and, of course, for their support and legacy on behalf of equal treatment for Puerto Rico and the territories. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to come speak in support of this legislation. I think this is important legislation to ensure that our territories can share in the revenues from offshore energy production. I believe the States and I believe the territories should share in that revenue production. Mr. Speaker, I think there is an important discussion for us to be having here. Yes, as the gentleman from Arizona noted, this will be contributing to our Nation’s energy production, which is a good thing. It is generating a revenue stream based on market forces, which is a good thing, and it does, Mr. Speaker, return a portion of the revenues back to the territories or the adjacent host’s entity of this energy production, and it invests dollars in conservation. Now, to contrast, Mr. Speaker, the majority of the energy in the United States is derived from oil and gas. That is how the majority of this Nation’s economy is powered. There are a handful of States that provide that energy. For example, as this bill pertains only to offshore in Federal waters, in the offshore you have the State of Alaska represented by our dean. You have the States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana—my home State—Texas, and, Mr. Speaker, the State of California. Those are all States that produce offshore energy. You have a lot of States that are producing onshore energy with the shale revolution in Texas, in the Dakotas, in Pennsylvania, in Ohio, in Louisiana and other areas. We are producing onshore production as well. Once again, this is fueling our Nation’s economy, and all 50 States are benefiting from this. But, Mr. Speaker, going back to the offshore, we provided about $200 billion from energy production in the offshore to the United States Treasury. With this bill, on the first dollar of energy produced in the Federal offshore from wind energy in the territories, a portion of it is going to be shared with the territory and going to be shared for conservation activities. Yet the disparity, or the opposite, happens for onshore. For onshore energy, what they do is they take the initial dollars and they put it toward conservation, land conservation in other States—not where this energy is produced, but in other States. The gentleman from Arizona even noted that there are impacts from offshore energy production. I agree with him; there are impacts. Most of them have been historic impacts. But for us to take this revenue stream and put it toward other States and not where this energy is produced, when you are talking about $200 billion, Mr. Speaker, that is wrong. That is why we have introduced H.R. 6771. Mr. Speaker, that bill passed the House Natural Resources Committee unanimously by a voice vote, and I want to thank the gentleman from Arizona and many other Members for working with us on this legislation. It was a bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, I want to engage the chairman in a colloquy. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6771 shares revenues from offshore energy production with States. It increases the revenue sharing, and those dollars have to be used for coastal restoration, hurricane protection for community resiliency projects. I want to ask the chairman if he supports that policy and if he will continue to work with us to advance that legislation just like this legislation is being advanced today. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Yes. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. I couldn’t have said it better myself, Mr. Speaker. 
Mr. Speaker, with that, I will again say I support this legislation. I think the policy concept of revenue sharing from energy production is a solid one, but we have got to make sure that we don’t have conflicting policies when we talk about fossil fuels versus alternative energy streams. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate those who have spoken on this particular piece of legislation. Mr. GRAVES , I didn’t want to be too flippant, although I was, does raise a major point of concern that, on Federal lands and on Federal waters, how we deal with the resources that are there is significant, and they play a role in the entire Nation. But we also have to recognize the role that those States and territories play where we find those particular resources, whether it be offshore on Federal waters or onshore on Federal lands. For us to review that policy is a wise thing we should do. I also am appreciative of the Resident Commissioner from Puerto Rico for explaining the significance this has for all those areas that have not yet been considered as we deal with a new kind of alternative energy, in this case, wind power. That is significant, and it plays a significant role in the future development of those territories that are using and in which the energy and the cost of energy is more significant than you find on the mainland, and yet we need to find a way to build their economies by having an affordable and renewable and reliable energy source coming in the future. Because of that, I find this to be a significant piece of legislation. I urge adoption, Mr. Speaker, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6665, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
URGING SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR TO RECOGNIZE THE HISTORICAL SIGNIFICANCE OF ROBERTO CLEMENTE’S PLACE OF DEATH Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 792) urging the Secretary of the Interior to recognize the historical significance of Roberto Clemente’s place of death near Pin˜ones in Loı´za, Puerto Rico, by adding it to the National Register of Historic Places, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: H. R ES. 792 Whereas Roberto Clemente was an American baseball legend who embodied the values of a model citizen; Whereas Roberto Clemente won two Major League Baseball World Series Championships, was named World Series Most Valuable Player, and was an AllStar for 12 seasons; Whereas Roberto Clemente served this Nation as a United States Marine Corps Reservist; Whereas Roberto Clemente was the first Puerto Rican inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame; Whereas Roberto Clemente was inducted into the Marine Corps Sports Hall of Fame; Whereas Roberto Clemente was committed to caring and helping those in need, regardless of their location; Whereas Roberto Clemente selflessly chose to travel to an earthquakeridden Nicaragua to provide humanitarian aid; Whereas Roberto Clemente’s plane crashed shortly after taking off from Isla Verde International Airport/Aeropuerto Internacional de Isla Verde on December 31, 1972; Whereas Roberto Clemente was only 38 years old when he tragically passed away; Whereas Roberto Clemente’s passion and advocacy demonstrated the positive influence that professional athletes could have in improving the lives of others; Whereas Roberto Clemente challenged the stereotypes that had marginalized native Spanish speakers in this Nation and remains an icon to many Puerto Ricans and Latinos in the United States and Latin America; Whereas Major League Baseball presents an annual Roberto Clemente Award to the player that best embodies Roberto Clemente’s value of service to others and represents the game of baseball through extraordinary character, community involvement, philanthropy, and positive contributions, both on and off the field; Whereas Roberto Clemente was posthumously awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, Presidential Citizens Medal, and the Congressional Gold Medal for his civic and charitable contributions; and Whereas the crash site in the adjacent area to Playa Aviones in the municipality of Loı´za, Puerto Rico, was the last place where Roberto Clemente graced this world: Now, therefore be it Resolved, That the House of Representatives requests that the Secretary of the Interior recognize the crash site of Roberto Clemente’s airplane and the adjacent land by adding such site to the National Register of Historic Places. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. b1615 Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this has been, for me, an exciting day, as we have talked about bills that provide for the history of this country and move it forward; as we talked about energy, which I find significant, especially for my State, which has so much Federal land and energy available to it; and now you are coming into one of the heroes of my childhood with Roberto Clemente. Mr. Clemente won 12 Gold Gloves; 4 National League batting titles; 12 All Star Game selections; 2 World Series Championships—although the 1961 still pains me to no end, but he still had two championships—and reached the 3,000 hit milestone. He was the first player born in Latin America to be inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame and was posthumously awarded both the Congressional Gold Medal and the Presidential Medal of Freedom. I still have his baseball cards, and I cherish them. He was a special person not necessarily on the field—he was unique and wonderful—but even off the field he was an even greater individual. His accomplishments off the field speak to the quality of man Roberto Clemente was. He spent his time in the offseason involved in charity work. He also spent his time in the offseason helping the game of baseball in his home in Puerto Rico. He made people’s lives better. He ended his life, once again, trying to head a relief effort for Nicaragua. He gave his life in defense of other people. He is definitely someone who is worthy of being remembered in what he did on the ball field, which was spectacular, but what he did at home with real people, which was even better than what he did on the ball field. I am proud to be here and wish to add my support to this resolution to recognize a great, great American hero. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. SERRANO ). Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and ranking member for bringing this resolution to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to support H. Res. 792, which would urge the Secretary of the Interior to recognize the historical significance of Roberto Clemente’s place of death near Pinones in Loiza, Puerto Rico, by adding it to the National Register of Historic Places. Formalizing the site of his untimely death will create a place for our Nation to honor Roberto Clemente’s career and legacy. He was a trailblazer in baseball and in his life of service outside of baseball. Born in 1934, in Carolina, Puerto Rico, Roberto Enrique Clemente Walker’s pride and humanitarian ways won 
him universal admiration. Some said that he had a very unorthodox way of hitting the ball, yet he had four batting titles and 3,000 hits exactly on the last day of the season—the last season he played before he passed. He won four batting titles. He had one of the most incredible arms in right field you ever saw. I still remember a day in New York when he threw a ball from the right field fence to third base without a bounce. For a person of my age, who cannot throw the ball but 100 feet, perhaps, that was quite a sight to see. But there was another person in Clemente: the person who was always trying to build up people of color; who was always trying to build up a relationship with Latin America, knowing how important baseball was to Latin America and how important baseball was to Latin Americans and people in the territory of Puerto Rico. He played a role in being that ambassador, to the point where, when Nicaragua suffered a hurricane that killed about 7,000 people and thousands of people were without food or water, he decided to lead a couple of planeloads of relief efforts to Nicaragua. But as times had it in those days— and perhaps even these days, too— some, if not all of the supplies he was sending of food and water to Nicaragua were being stolen and sold on the black market. So he decided he was going to go himself on the next trip. He was so revered and respected in Nicaragua, nobody would dare touch anything if he was on the ground. So he left on a plane on December 31, 1972. After taking off, the plane went into the water. Roberto’s body was never found. I am not a psychologist or psychiatrist, but I so believe that we Puerto Ricans, whether we are from New York, New Jersey, or Puerto Rico, born or not born in Puerto Rico, still hold a certain need to have found him and to have given him the proper burial. But that never happened. When we do what we do today, hopefully, we continue to honor this man who was not only the first Latino in the Hall of Fame, who not only batted 317 in his lifetime, which is not an easy accomplishment, and who not only had 3,000 hits and had a rifle for an arm, who was—although people would say it was only two World Series—the only player to get a hit in every single World Series game he played—14 of them—he was just exceptional. To this day, I can tell you that there are more Puerto Ricans who use the number 21, although it has nothing to do with them, on their email, than any other number. There are more kids in Puerto Rico and throughout the States and the other territories who, when joining a team, ask for number 21 on their uniform, for Roberto. That is what he means to us, that is what he means to the country, and as the people in Pittsburgh will tell you, it is not just Puerto Ricans. It is Americans in general. This is a great thing we are doing. I applaud and support the efforts of the chairman and the ranking member. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N). Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for allowing me to speak on behalf of this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I really believe this is important. Puerto Ricans feel very proud of the legacy of Roberto Clemente. He was not just a local hero, but a national hero, both in the arena and in his life. Actually, that is the reason, when Puerto Rico becomes a State, it will be the recommendation for one of his statues to be sent to the capital. He is a figure that united Puerto Rico. I rise today to express my strongest support for H. Res. 792, introduced by my good friend and colleague, JOSE´ SERRANO . This resolution will urge the Secretary of the Interior to recognize the significance of the place of death of Puerto Rican baseball star Roberto Clemente, located near Pinones in Loiza, Puerto Rico, by adding it to the National Register of Historic Places. Roberto Clemente, as I said, was a hero and role model in Puerto Rico and across the nation. Throughout his distinguished career, he won two Major League Baseball World Series Championships, was named Most Valuable Player, and was an AllStar for 12 seasons. Clemente also served this Nation as a United States Marine Corps Reservist. Roberto Clemente was committed to caring and helping those in need. In the aftermath of a devastating earthquake in 1972, he decided to travel to Nicaragua to provide humanitarian aid. His plane crashed shortly after departing Puerto Rico, and he tragically passed at the age of 38. That is the reason his family, still in Puerto Rico, started a foundation. Many schools have his name on it, but he also has the legacy of supporting young people to play baseball and commit to their communities and be better in society. Clemente was that role model. He was a great humanitarian and great athlete. He was the embodiment of a baseball legend who contributed to the betterment of society. I am glad that this House is honoring his legacy by considering H. Res. 792. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I thank Congressman SERRANO for allowing this recognition that unites hundreds of people not only in Puerto Rico, but for sports all over. I also thank Chairman BISHOP for supporting this, although I was expecting him to have the numbers of his baseball career. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, this is a good piece of legislation. I just wish that when the Dodgers left him vulnerable in 1966, the Cubbies had picked him up, instead of the Pirates. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 792, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
INDIAN TRIBAL ENERGY DEVELOPMENT AND SELFDETERMINATION ACT AMENDMENTS OF 2017 Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 245) to amend the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self Determination Act of 2005, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 245 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Indian Tribal Energy Development and SelfDetermination Act Amendments of 2017’’. 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—INDIAN TRIBAL ENERGY DEVELOPMENT AND SELFDETERMINATION ACT AMENDMENTS Sec. 101. Indian tribal energy resource development. Sec. 102. Indian tribal energy resource regulation. Sec. 103. Tribal energy resource agreements. Sec. 104. Technical assistance for Indian tribal governments. Sec. 105. Conforming amendments. Sec. 106. Report. TITLE II—MISCELLANEOUS AMENDMENTS Sec. 201. Issuance of preliminary permits or licenses. Sec. 202. Tribal biomass demonstration project. Sec. 203. Weatherization program. Sec. 204. Appraisals. Sec. 205. Leases of restricted lands for Navajo Nation. Sec. 206. Extension of tribal lease period for the Crow Tribe of Montana. Sec. 207. Trust status of lease payments. TITLE I—INDIAN TRIBAL ENERGY DEVELOPMENT AND SELFDETERMINATION ACT AMENDMENTS 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2602(a) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) consult with each applicable Indian tribe before adopting or approving a well spacing program or plan applicable to the energy resources of that Indian tribe or the members of that Indian tribe.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) PLANNING .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—In carrying out the program established by paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide technical assistance to interested Indian tribes to develop energy plans, including— ‘‘(i) plans for electrification; ‘‘(ii) plans for oil and gas permitting, renewable energy permitting, energy efficiency, electricity generation, transmission planning, water planning, and other planning relating to energy issues; ‘‘(iii) plans for the development of energy resources and to ensure the protection of natural, historic, and cultural resources; and ‘‘(iv) any other plans that would assist an Indian tribe in the development or use of energy resources. ‘‘(B) COOPERATION .—In establishing the program under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall work in cooperation with the Office of Indian Energy Policy and Programs of the Department of Energy.’’. (b) DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY INDIAN ENERGY  EDUCATION PLANNING AND MANAGEMENT ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .—Section 2602(b)(2) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502(b)(2)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, intertribal organization,’’ after ‘‘Indian tribe’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (D) and (E), respectively; and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) activities to increase the capacity of Indian tribes to manage energy development and energy efficiency programs;’’. (c) DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY LOAN GUARANTEE PROGRAM .—Section 2602(c) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or a tribal energy development organization’’ after ‘‘Indian tribe’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘guarantee’’ and inserting ‘‘guaranteed’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’; (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) a tribal energy development organization, from funds of the tribal energy development organization.’’; and (3) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘The Secretary of Energy may’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Indian Tribal Energy Development and SelfDetermination Act Amendments of 2017, the Secretary of Energy shall’’. 
Section 2603(c) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3503(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘on the request of an Indian tribe, the Indian tribe’’ and inserting ‘‘on the request of an Indian tribe or a tribal energy development organization, the Indian tribe or tribal energy development organization’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting ‘‘or tribal energy development organization’’ after ‘‘Indian tribe’’. SEC. 103. TRIBAL ENERGY RESOURCE AGREEMENTS. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 2604 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3504) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking clause (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) an electric production, generation, transmission, or distribution facility (including a facility that produces electricity from renewable energy resources) located on tribal land; or’’; and (II) in clause (ii)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘, at least a portion of which have been’’ after ‘‘energy resources’’; (bb) by inserting ‘‘or produced from’’ after ‘‘developed on’’; and (cc) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘or’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) pooling, unitization, or communitization of the energy mineral resources of the Indian tribe located on tribal land with any other energy mineral resource (including energy mineral resources owned by the Indian tribe or an individual Indian in fee, trust, or restricted status or by any other persons or entities) if the owner, or, if appropriate, lessee, of the resources has consented or consents to the pooling, unitization, or communitization of the other resources under any lease or agreement; and’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) a lease or business agreement described in paragraph (1) shall not require review by, or the approval of, the Secretary under section 2103 of the Revised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 81), or any other provision of law (including regulations), if the lease or business agreement— ‘‘(A) was executed— ‘‘(i) in accordance with the requirements of a tribal energy resource agreement in effect under subsection (e) (including the periodic review and evaluation of the activities of the Indian tribe under the agreement, to be conducted pursuant to subparagraphs (D) and (E) of subsection (e)(2)); or ‘‘(ii) by the Indian tribe and a tribal energy development organization for which the Indian tribe has obtained a certification pursuant to subsection (h); and ‘‘(B) has a term that does not exceed— ‘‘(i) 30 years; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a lease for the production of oil resources, gas resources, or both, 10 years and as long thereafter as oil or gas is produced in paying quantities.’’; (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) RIGHTS OFWAY.—An Indian tribe may grant a rightofway over tribal land without review or approval by the Secretary if the rightofway— ‘‘(1) serves— ‘‘(A) an electric production, generation, transmission, or distribution facility (including a facility that produces electricity from renewable energy resources) located on tribal land; ‘‘(B) a facility located on tribal land that extracts, produces, processes, or refines energy resources; or ‘‘(C) the purposes, or facilitates in carrying out the purposes, of any lease or agreement entered into for energy resource development on tribal land; ‘‘(2) was executed— ‘‘(A) in accordance with the requirements of a tribal energy resource agreement in effect under subsection (e) (including the periodic review and evaluation of the activities of the Indian tribe under the agreement, to be conducted pursuant to subparagraphs (D) and (E) of subsection (e)(2)); or ‘‘(B) by the Indian tribe and a tribal energy development organization for which the Indian tribe has obtained a certification pursuant to subsection (h); and ‘‘(3) has a term that does not exceed 30 years.’’; (3) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) VALIDITY .—No lease or business agreement entered into, or rightofway granted, pursuant to this section shall be valid unless the lease, business agreement, or rightof way is authorized by subsection (a) or (b).’’; (4) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) AUTHORIZATION .—On or after the date of enactment of the Indian Tribal Energy Development and SelfDetermination Act Amendments of 2017, a qualified Indian tribe may submit to the Secretary a tribal energy resource agreement governing leases, business agreements, and rightsofway under this section. ‘‘(B) NOTICE OF COMPLETE PROPOSED AGREE MENT .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the tribal energy resource agreement is submitted under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) notify the Indian tribe as to whether the agreement is complete or incomplete; ‘‘(ii) if the agreement is incomplete, notify the Indian tribe of what information or documentation is needed to complete the submission; and ‘‘(iii) identify and notify the Indian tribe of the financial assistance, if any, to be provided by the Secretary to the Indian tribe to assist in the implementation of the tribal energy resource agreement, including the environmental review of individual projects. ‘‘(C) EFFECT .—Nothing in this paragraph precludes the Secretary from providing any financial assistance at any time to the Indian tribe to assist in the implementation of the tribal energy resource agreement.’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘(2)(A)’’ and all that follows through the end of subparagraph (A) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) PROCEDURE .— ‘‘(A) EFFECTIVE DATE .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—On the date that is 271 days after the date on which the Secretary receives a tribal energy resource agreement from a qualified Indian tribe under paragraph (1), the tribal energy resource agreement shall take effect, unless the Secretary disapproves the tribal energy resource agreement under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(ii) REVISED TRIBAL ENERGY RESOURCE  
AGREEMENT .—On the date that is 91 days after the date on which the Secretary receives a revised tribal energy resource agreement from a qualified Indian tribe under paragraph (4)(B), the revised tribal energy resource agreement shall take effect, unless the Secretary disapproves the revised tribal energy resource agreement under subparagraph (B).’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘(B)’’ and all that follows through clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) DISAPPROVAL .—The Secretary shall disapprove a tribal energy resource agreement submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) or (4)(B) only if— ‘‘(i) a provision of the tribal energy resource agreement violates applicable Federal law (including regulations) or a treaty applicable to the Indian tribe; 
‘‘(ii) the tribal energy resource agreement does not include one or more provisions required under subparagraph (D); or’’; and (II) in clause (iii)— (aa) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘includes’’ and all that follows through ‘‘section—’’ and inserting ‘‘does not include provisions that, with respect to any lease, business agreement, or rightofway to which the tribal energy resource agreement applies—’’; (bb) by striking subclauses (I), (II), (V), (VIII), and (XV); (cc) by redesignating clauses (III), (IV), (VI), (VII), (IX) through (XIV), and (XVI) as clauses (I), (II), (III), (IV), (V) through (X), and (XI), respectively; (dd) in item (bb) of subclause (XI) (as redesignated by item (cc))— (AA) by striking ‘‘or tribal’’; and (BB) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (ee) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(XII) include a certification by the Indian tribe that the Indian tribe has— ‘‘(aa) carried out a contract or compact under title I or IV of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) for a period of not less than 3 consecutive years ending on the date on which the Indian tribe submits the application without material audit exception (or without any material audit exceptions that were not corrected within the 3year period) relating to the management of tribal land or natural resources; or ‘‘(bb) substantial experience in the administration, review, or evaluation of energy resource leases or agreements or has otherwise substantially participated in the administration, management, or development of energy resources located on the tribal land of the Indian tribe; and ‘‘(XIII) at the option of the Indian tribe, identify which functions, if any, authorizing any operational or development activities pursuant to a lease, rightofway, or business agreement approved by the Indian tribe, that the Indian tribe intends to conduct.’’; (iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by striking clauses (i) and (ii); (II) by redesignating clauses (iii) through (v) as clauses (ii) through (iv), respectively; and (III) by inserting before clause (ii) (as redesignated by subclause (II)) the following: ‘‘(i) a process for ensuring that— ‘‘(I) the public is informed of, and has reasonable opportunity to comment on, any significant environmental impacts of the proposed action; and ‘‘(II) the Indian tribe provides responses to relevant and substantive public comments on any impacts described in subclause (I) before the Indian tribe approves the lease, business agreement, or rightofway;’’; (iv) in subparagraph (D)(ii), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)(iii)(XVI)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)(iv)(XI)’’; and (v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) EFFECTIVE PERIOD .—A tribal energy resource agreement that takes effect pursuant to this subsection shall remain in effect to the extent any provision of the tribal energy resource agreement is consistent with applicable Federal law (including regulations), unless the tribal energy resource agreement is— ‘‘(i) rescinded by the Secretary pursuant to paragraph (7)(D)(iii)(II); or ‘‘(ii) voluntarily rescinded by the Indian tribe pursuant to the regulations promulgated under paragraph (8)(B) (or successor regulations).’’; (C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘date of disapproval’’ and all that follows through the end of subparagraph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘date of disapproval, provide the Indian tribe with— ‘‘(A) a detailed, written explanation of— ‘‘(i) each reason for the disapproval; and ‘‘(ii) the revisions or changes to the tribal energy resource agreement necessary to address each reason; and ‘‘(B) an opportunity to revise and resubmit the tribal energy resource agreement.’’; (D) in paragraph (6)— (i) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘(B) Subject to’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) Subject only to’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (C) and (D)’’; (ii) in subparagraph (C), in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘to perform the obligations of the Secretary under this section and’’ before ‘‘to ensure’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (D), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) Nothing in this section absolves, limits, or otherwise affects the liability, if any, of the United States for any— ‘‘(I) term of any lease, business agreement, or rightofway under this section that is not a negotiated term; or ‘‘(II) losses that are not the result of a negotiated term, including losses resulting from the failure of the Secretary to perform an obligation of the Secretary under this section.’’; (E) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘has demonstrated’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary determines has demonstrated with substantial evidence’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘any tribal remedy’’ and inserting ‘‘all remedies (if any) provided under the laws of the Indian tribe’’; (iii) in subparagraph (D)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘determine’’ and all that follows through the end of the clause and inserting the following: ‘‘determine— ‘‘(I) whether the petitioner is an interested party; and ‘‘(II) if the petitioner is an interested party, whether the Indian tribe is not in compliance with the tribal energy resource agreement as alleged in the petition.’’; (II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘determination’’ and inserting ‘‘determinations’’; and (III) in clause (iii), in the matter preceding subclause (I) by striking ‘‘agreement’’ the first place it appears and all that follows through ‘‘, including’’ and inserting ‘‘agreement pursuant to clause (i), the Secretary shall only take such action as the Secretary determines necessary to address the claims of noncompliance made in the petition, including’’; (iv) in subparagraph (E)(i), by striking ‘‘the manner in which’’ and inserting ‘‘, with respect to each claim made in the petition, how’’; and (v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph, the Secretary shall dismiss any petition from an interested party that has agreed with the Indian tribe to a resolution of the claims presented in the petition of that party.’’; (F) in paragraph (8)— (i) by striking subparagraph (A); (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) through (D) as subparagraphs (A) through (C), respectively; and (iii) in subparagraph (A) (as redesignated by clause (ii))— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (II) in clause (ii), by adding ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) amend an approved tribal energy resource agreement to assume authority for approving leases, business agreements, or rightsofway for development of another energy resource that is not included in an approved tribal energy resource agreement without being required to apply for a new tribal energy resource agreement;’’ and (G) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) EFFECT .—Nothing in this section authorizes the Secretary to deny a tribal energy resource agreement or any amendment to a tribal energy resource agreement, or to limit the effect or implementation of this section, due to lack of promulgated regulations.’’; (5) by redesignating subsection (g) as subsection (j); and (6) by inserting after subsection (f) the following: ‘‘(g) FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE IN LIEU OF ACTIVITIES BY THE SECRETARY .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Any amounts that the Secretary would otherwise expend to operate or carry out any program, function, service, or activity (or any portion of a program, function, service, or activity) of the Department that, as a result of an Indian tribe carrying out activities under a tribal energy resource agreement, the Secretary does not expend, the Secretary shall, at the request of the Indian tribe, make available to the Indian tribe in accordance with this subsection. ‘‘(2) ANNUAL FUNDING AGREEMENTS .—The Secretary shall make the amounts described in paragraph (1) available to an Indian tribe through an annual written funding agreement that is negotiated and entered into with the Indian tribe that is separate from the tribal energy resource agreement. ‘‘(3) EFFECT OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Notwith standing paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the provision of amounts to an Indian tribe under this subsection is subject to the availability of appropriations; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary shall not be required to reduce amounts for programs, functions, services, or activities that serve any other Indian tribe to make amounts available to an Indian tribe under this subsection. ‘‘(4) DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall calculate the amounts under paragraph (1) in accordance with the regulations adopted under section 103(b) of the Indian Tribal Energy Development and SelfDetermination Act Amendments of 2017. ‘‘(B) APPLICABILITY .—The effective date or implementation of a tribal energy resource agreement under this section shall not be delayed or otherwise affected by— ‘‘(i) a delay in the promulgation of regulations under section 103(b) of the Indian Tribal Energy Development and SelfDetermination Act Amendments of 2017; ‘‘(ii) the period of time needed by the Secretary to make the calculation required under paragraph (1); or ‘‘(iii) the adoption of a funding agreement under paragraph (2). ‘‘(h) CERTIFICATION OF TRIBAL ENERGY DEVELOPMENT ORGANIZATION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which an Indian tribe submits an application for certification of a tribal energy development organization in accordance with regulations promulgated under section 103(b) of the Indian Tribal Energy Development and SelfDetermination Act Amendments of 2017, the Secretary shall approve or disapprove the application. ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall approve an application for certification if— ‘‘(A)(i) the Indian tribe has carried out a contract or compact under title I or IV of 
the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.); and ‘‘(ii) for a period of not less than 3 consecutive years ending on the date on which the Indian tribe submits the application, the contract or compact— ‘‘(I) has been carried out by the Indian tribe without material audit exceptions (or without any material audit exceptions that were not corrected within the 3year period); and ‘‘(II) has included programs or activities relating to the management of tribal land; and ‘‘(B)(i) the tribal energy development organization is organized under the laws of the Indian tribe; ‘‘(ii)(I) the majority of the interest in the tribal energy development organization is owned and controlled by the Indian tribe (or the Indian tribe and one or more other Indian tribes) the tribal land of which is being developed; and ‘‘(II) the organizing document of the tribal energy development organization requires that the Indian tribe with jurisdiction over the land maintain at all times the controlling interest in the tribal energy development organization; ‘‘(iii) the organizing document of the tribal energy development organization requires that the Indian tribe (or the Indian tribe and one or more other Indian tribes) the tribal land of which is being developed own and control at all times a majority of the interest in the tribal energy development organization; and ‘‘(iv) the organizing document of the tribal energy development organization includes a statement that the organization shall be subject to the jurisdiction, laws, and authority of the Indian tribe. ‘‘(3) ACTION BY SECRETARY .—If the Secretary approves an application for certification pursuant to paragraph (2), the Secretary shall, not more than 10 days after making the determination— ‘‘(A) issue a certification stating that— ‘‘(i) the tribal energy development organization is organized under the laws of the Indian tribe and subject to the jurisdiction, laws, and authority of the Indian tribe; ‘‘(ii) the majority of the interest in the tribal energy development organization is owned and controlled by the Indian tribe (or the Indian tribe and one or more other Indian tribes) the tribal land of which is being developed; ‘‘(iii) the organizing document of the tribal energy development organization requires that the Indian tribe with jurisdiction over the land maintain at all times the controlling interest in the tribal energy development organization; ‘‘(iv) the organizing document of the tribal energy development organization requires that the Indian tribe (or the Indian tribe and one or more other Indian tribes the tribal land of which is being developed) own and control at all times a majority of the interest in the tribal energy development organization; and ‘‘(v) the certification is issued pursuant this subsection; ‘‘(B) deliver a copy of the certification to the Indian tribe; and ‘‘(C) publish the certification in the Federal Register. ‘‘(i) SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY .—Nothing in this section waives the sovereign immunity of an Indian tribe.’’. (b) REGULATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Indian Tribal Energy Development and SelfDetermination Act Amendments of 2017, the Secretary shall promulgate or update any regulations that are necessary to implement this section, including provisions to implement— (1) section 2604(e)(8) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3504(e)(8)), including the process to be followed by an Indian tribe amending an existing tribal energy resource agreement to assume authority for approving leases, business agreements, or rightsof way for development of an energy resource that is not included in the tribal energy resource agreement; (2) section 2604(g) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3504(g)) including the manner in which the Secretary, at the request of an Indian tribe, shall— (A) identify the programs, functions, services, and activities (or any portions of programs, functions, services, or activities) that the Secretary will not have to operate or carry out as a result of the Indian tribe carrying out activities under a tribal energy resource agreement; (B) identify the amounts that the Secretary would have otherwise expended to operate or carry out each program, function, service, and activity (or any portion of a program, function, service, or activity) identified pursuant to subparagraph (A); and (C) provide to the Indian tribe a list of the programs, functions, services, and activities (or any portions of programs, functions, services, or activities) identified pursuant subparagraph (A) and the amounts associated with each program, function, service, and activity (or any portion of a program, function, service, or activity) identified pursuant to subparagraph (B); and (3) section 2604(h) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3504(h)), including the process to be followed by, and any applicable criteria and documentation required for, an Indian tribe to request and obtain the certification described in that section. SEC. 104. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR INDIAN TRIBAL GOVERNMENTS. 
Section 2602(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (6) as paragraphs (4) through (7), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following: ‘‘(3) TECHNICAL AND SCIENTIFIC RE SOURCES .—In addition to providing grants to Indian tribes under this subsection, the Secretary shall collaborate with the Directors of the National Laboratories in making the full array of technical and scientific resources of the Department of Energy available for tribal energy activities and projects.’’. 
(a) D EFINITION OF TRIBAL ENERGY DEVELOP MENT ORGANIZATION .—Section 2601 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3501) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (9) through (12) as paragraphs (10) through (13), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (8) the following: ‘‘(9) The term ‘qualified Indian tribe’ means an Indian tribe that has— ‘‘(A) carried out a contract or compact under title I or IV of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) for a period of not less than 3 consecutive years ending on the date on which the Indian tribe submits the application without material audit exception (or without any material audit exceptions that were not corrected within the 3year period) relating to the management of tribal land or natural resources; or ‘‘(B) substantial experience in the administration, review, or evaluation of energy resource leases or agreements or has otherwise substantially participated in the administration, management, or development of energy resources located on the tribal land of the Indian tribe.’’; and (3) by striking paragraph (12) (as redesignated by paragraph (1)) and inserting the following: ‘‘(12) The term ‘tribal energy development organization’ means— ‘‘(A) any enterprise, partnership, consortium, corporation, or other type of business organization that is engaged in the development of energy resources and is wholly owned by an Indian tribe (including an organization incorporated pursuant to section 17 of the Act of June 18, 1934 (25 U.S.C. 5124) (commonly known as the ‘‘Indian Reorganization Act’’) or section 3 of the Act of June 26, 1936 (49 Stat. 1967, chapter 831) (commonly known as the ‘Oklahoma Indian Welfare Act’)); and ‘‘(B) any organization of two or more entities, at least one of which is an Indian tribe, that has the written consent of the governing bodies of all Indian tribes participating in the organization to apply for a grant, loan, or other assistance under section 2602 or to enter into a lease or business agreement with, or acquire a rightofway from, an Indian tribe pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(A)(ii) or (b)(2)(B) of section 2604.’’. (b) INDIAN TRIBAL ENERGY RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT .—Section 2602 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘tribal energy resource development organizations’’ and inserting ‘‘tribal energy development organizations’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘tribal energy resource development organizations’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘tribal energy development organizations’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘tribal energy resource development organization’’ and inserting ‘‘tribal energy development organization’’. (c) WIND AND HYDROPOWER FEASIBILITY  STUDY .—Section 2606(c)(3) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3506(c)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘energy resource development’’ and inserting ‘‘energy development’’. (d) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 2604(e) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3504(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘(3) The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) NOTICE AND COMMENT ; SECRETARIAL RE VIEW.—The Secretary’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘for approval’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘(4) If the Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) ACTION IN CASE OF DISAPPROVAL .—If the Secretary’’; (3) in paragraph (5)— (A) by striking ‘‘(5) If an Indian tribe’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) PROVISION OF DOCUMENTS TO SEC RETARY .—If an Indian tribe’’; and (B) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘approved’’ and inserting ‘‘in effect’’; (4) in paragraph (6)— (A) by striking ‘‘(6)(A) In carrying out’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(6) SECRETARIAL OBLIGATIONS AND EFFECT  
OF SECTION .— ‘‘(A) In carrying out’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by indenting clauses (i) and (ii) appropriately; (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘approved’’ and inserting ‘‘in effect’’; and (D) in subparagraph (D)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘an approved tribal energy resource agreement’’ and inserting ‘‘a tribal energy resource agreement in effect under this section’’; and 
(ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘approved by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘in effect’’; and (5) in paragraph (7)— (A) by striking ‘‘(7)(A) In this paragraph’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(7) PETITIONS BY INTERESTED PARTIES .— ‘‘(A) In this paragraph’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘approved by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘in effect’’; (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘approved by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘in effect’’; and (D) in subparagraph (D)(iii)— (i) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘approved’’; and (ii) in subclause (II)— (I) by striking ‘‘approval of’’ in the first place it appears; and (II) by striking ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(2)(A)(i) or (b)(2)(A)’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall submit to the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report that details with respect to activities for energy development on Indian land, how the Department of the Interior— (1) processes and completes the reviews of energyrelated documents in a timely and transparent manner; (2) monitors the timeliness of agency review for all energyrelated documents; (3) maintains databases to track and monitor the review and approval process for energyrelated documents associated with conventional and renewable Indian energy resources that require Secretarial approval prior to development, including— (A) any seismic exploration permits; (B) permission to survey; (C) archeological and cultural surveys; (D) access permits; (E) environmental assessments; (F) oil and gas leases; (G) surface leases; (H) rightsofway agreements; and (I) communitization agreements; (4) identifies in the databases— (A) the date lease applications and permits are received by the agency; (B) the status of the review; (C) the date the application or permit is considered complete and ready for review; (D) the date of approval; and (E) the start and end dates for any significant delays in the review process; (5) tracks in the databases, for all energy related leases, agreements, applications, and permits that involve multiple agency review— (A) the dates documents are transferred between agencies; (B) the status of the review; (C) the date the required reviews are completed; and (D) the date interim or final decisions are issued. (b) INCLUSIONS .—The report under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of any intermediate and final deadlines for agency action on any Secretarial review and approval required for Indian conventional and renewable energy exploration and development activities; (2) a description of the existing geographic database established by the Bureau of Indian Affairs, explaining— (A) how the database identifies— (i) the location and ownership of all Indian oil and gas resources held in trust; (ii) resources available for lease; and (iii) the location of— (I) any lease of land held in trust or restricted fee on behalf of any Indian tribe or individual Indian; and (II) any rightsofway on that land in effect; (B) how the information from the database is made available to— (i) the officials of the Bureau of Indian Affairs with responsibility over the management and development of Indian resources; and (ii) resource owners; and (C) any barriers to identifying the information described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) or any deficiencies in that information; and (3) an evaluation of— (A) the ability of each applicable agency to track and monitor the review and approval process of the agency for Indian energy development; and (B) the extent to which each applicable agency complies with any intermediate and final deadlines. TITLE II—MISCELLANEOUS AMENDMENTS SEC. 201. ISSUANCE OF PRELIMINARY PERMITS OR LICENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 800(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘States and municipalities’’ and inserting ‘‘States, Indian tribes, and municipalities’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall not affect— (1) any preliminary permit or original license issued before the date of enactment of the Indian Tribal Energy Development and SelfDetermination Act Amendments of 2017; or (2) an application for an original license, if the Commission has issued a notice accepting that application for filing pursuant to section 4.32(d) of title 18, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), before the date of enactment of the Indian Tribal Energy Development and SelfDetermination Act Amendments of 2017. (c) DEFINITION OF INDIAN TRIBE.—For pur poses of section 7(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 800(a)) (as amended by subsection (a)), the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to establish a biomass demonstration project for federally recognized Indian tribes and Alaska Native corporations to promote biomass energy production. (b) TRIBAL BIOMASS DEMONSTRATION  PROJECT .—The Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 2(a), by striking ‘‘In this section’’ and inserting ‘‘In this Act’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(a) S TEWARDSHIP CONTRACTS OR SIMILAR  AGREEMENTS .—For each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021, the Secretary shall enter into stewardship contracts or similar agreements (excluding direct service contracts) with Indian tribes to carry out demonstration projects to promote biomass energy production (including biofuel, heat, and electricity generation) on Indian forest land and in nearby communities by providing reliable supplies of woody biomass from Federal land. ‘‘(b) DEMONSTRATION PROJECTS .—In each fiscal year for which projects are authorized, at least 4 new demonstration projects that meet the eligibility criteria described in subsection (c) shall be carried out under contracts or agreements described in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA .—To be eligible to enter into a contract or agreement under this section, an Indian tribe shall submit to the Secretary an application— ‘‘(1) containing such information as the Secretary may require; and ‘‘(2) that includes a description of— ‘‘(A) the Indian forest land or rangeland under the jurisdiction of the Indian tribe; and ‘‘(B) the demonstration project proposed to be carried out by the Indian tribe. ‘‘(d) SELECTION .—In evaluating the applications submitted under subsection (c), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) take into consideration— ‘‘(A) the factors set forth in paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 2(e); and ‘‘(B) whether a proposed project would— ‘‘(i) increase the availability or reliability of local or regional energy; ‘‘(ii) enhance the economic development of the Indian tribe; ‘‘(iii) result in or improve the connection of electric power transmission facilities serving the Indian tribe with other electric transmission facilities; ‘‘(iv) improve the forest health or watersheds of Federal land or Indian forest land or rangeland; ‘‘(v) demonstrate new investments in infrastructure; or ‘‘(vi) otherwise promote the use of woody biomass; and ‘‘(2) exclude from consideration any merchantable logs that have been identified by the Secretary for commercial sale. ‘‘(e) IMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) ensure that the criteria described in subsection (c) are publicly available by not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this section; and ‘‘(2) to the maximum extent practicable, consult with Indian tribes and appropriate intertribal organizations likely to be affected in developing the application and otherwise carrying out this section. ‘‘(f) REPORT .—Not later than September 20, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that describes, with respect to the reporting period— ‘‘(1) each individual tribal application received under this section; and ‘‘(2) each contract and agreement entered into pursuant to this section. ‘‘(g) INCORPORATION OF MANAGEMENT  PLANS .—In carrying out a contract or agreement under this section, on receipt of a request from an Indian tribe, the Secretary shall incorporate into the contract or agreement, to the maximum extent practicable, management plans (including forest management and integrated resource management plans) in effect on the Indian forest land or rangeland of the respective Indian tribe. ‘‘(h) TERM.—A contract or agreement entered into under this section— ‘‘(1) shall be for a term of not more than 20 years; and ‘‘(2) may be renewed in accordance with this section for not more than an additional 10 years.’’. (c) ALASKA NATIVE BIOMASS DEMONSTRA TION PROJECT .— (1) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means— (i) land of the National Forest System (as defined in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a)) administered by the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service; and (ii) public lands (as defined in section 103 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702)), the surface of which is administered by the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the Bureau of Land Management. 
(B) I NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (C) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means— (i) the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to land under the jurisdiction of the Forest Service; and (ii) the Secretary of the Interior, with respect to land under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management. (D) TRIBAL ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘tribal organization’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (2) AGREEMENTS .—For each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021, the Secretary shall enter into an agreement or contract with an Indian tribe or a tribal organization to carry out a demonstration project to promote biomass energy production (including biofuel, heat, and electricity generation) by providing reliable supplies of woody biomass from Federal land. (3) DEMONSTRATION PROJECTS .—In each fiscal year for which projects are authorized, at least 1 new demonstration project that meets the eligibility criteria described in paragraph (4) shall be carried out under contracts or agreements described in paragraph (2). (4) ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA .—To be eligible to enter into a contract or agreement under this subsection, an Indian tribe or tribal organization shall submit to the Secretary an application— (A) containing such information as the Secretary may require; and (B) that includes a description of the demonstration project proposed to be carried out by the Indian tribe or tribal organization. (5) SELECTION .—In evaluating the applications submitted under paragraph (4), the Secretary shall— (A) take into consideration whether a proposed project would— (i) increase the availability or reliability of local or regional energy; (ii) enhance the economic development of the Indian tribe; (iii) result in or improve the connection of electric power transmission facilities serving the Indian tribe with other electric transmission facilities; (iv) improve the forest health or watersheds of Federal land or nonFederal land; (v) demonstrate new investments in infrastructure; or (vi) otherwise promote the use of woody biomass; and (B) exclude from consideration any merchantable logs that have been identified by the Secretary for commercial sale. (6) IMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall— (A) ensure that the criteria described in paragraph (4) are publicly available by not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this subsection; and (B) to the maximum extent practicable, consult with Indian tribes and appropriate tribal organizations likely to be affected in developing the application and otherwise carrying out this subsection. (7) REPORT .—Not later than September 20, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that describes, with respect to the reporting period— (A) each individual application received under this subsection; and (B) each contract and agreement entered into pursuant to this subsection. (8) TERM.—A contract or agreement entered into under this subsection— (A) shall be for a term of not more than 20 years; and (B) may be renewed in accordance with this subsection for not more than an additional 10 years. SEC. 203. WEATHERIZATION PROGRAM. 
Section 413(d) of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6863(d)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) RESERVATION OF AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B) and notwithstanding any other provision of this part, the Secretary shall reserve from amounts that would otherwise be allocated to a State under this part not less than 100 percent, but not more than 150 percent, of an amount which bears the same proportion to the allocation of that State for the applicable fiscal year as the population of all low income members of an Indian tribe in that State bears to the population of all lowincome individuals in that State. ‘‘(B) RESTRICTIONS .—Subparagraph (A) shall apply only if— ‘‘(i) the tribal organization serving the lowincome members of the applicable Indian tribe requests that the Secretary make a grant directly; and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary determines that the lowincome members of the applicable Indian tribe would be equally or better served by making a grant directly than a grant made to the State in which the lowincome members reside. ‘‘(C) PRESUMPTION .—If the tribal organization requesting the grant is a tribally designated housing entity (as defined in section 4 of the Native American Housing Assistance and SelfDetermination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4103)) that has operated without material audit exceptions (or without any material audit exceptions that were not corrected within a 3year period), the Secretary shall presume that the lowincome members of the applicable Indian tribe would be equally or better served by making a grant directly to the tribal organization than by a grant made to the State in which the lowincome members reside.’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘The sums’’ and inserting ‘‘ADMINISTRATION .—The amounts’’; (B) by striking ‘‘on the basis of his determination’’; (C) by striking ‘‘individuals for whom such a determination has been made’’ and inserting ‘‘lowincome members of the Indian tribe’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘he’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary’’; and (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘In order’’ and inserting ‘‘APPLICATION .—In order’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XXVI of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For any transaction that requires approval of the Secretary and involves mineral or energy resources held in trust by the United States for the benefit of an Indian tribe or by an Indian tribe subject to Federal restrictions against alienation, any appraisal relating to fair market value of those resources required to be prepared under applicable law may be prepared by— ‘‘(1) the Secretary; ‘‘(2) the affected Indian tribe; or ‘‘(3) a certified, thirdparty appraiser pursuant to a contract with the Indian tribe. ‘‘(b) SECRETARIAL REVIEW AND APPROVAL .— Not later than 45 days after the date on which the Secretary receives an appraisal prepared by or for an Indian tribe under paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (a), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) review the appraisal; and ‘‘(2) approve the appraisal unless the Secretary determines that the appraisal fails to meet the standards set forth in regulations promulgated under subsection (d). ‘‘(c) NOTICE OF DISAPPROVAL .—If the Secretary determines that an appraisal submitted for approval under subsection (b) should be disapproved, the Secretary shall give written notice of the disapproval to the Indian tribe and a description of— ‘‘(1) each reason for the disapproval; and ‘‘(2) how the appraisal should be corrected or otherwise cured to meet the applicable standards set forth in the regulations promulgated under subsection (d). ‘‘(d) REGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall promulgate regulations to carry out this section, including standards the Secretary shall use for approving or disapproving the appraisal described in subsection (a).’’. 
SEC. 205. LEASES OF RESTRICTED LANDS FOR NAVAJO NATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (e)(1) of the first section of the Act of August 9, 1955 (commonly known as the ‘‘LongTerm Leasing Act’’) (25 U.S.C. 415(e)(1)), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘, except a lease for’’ and inserting ‘‘, including a lease for’’; (2) by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) in the case of a business or agricultural lease, 99 years;’’; (3) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) in the case of a lease for the exploration, development, or extraction of any mineral resource (including geothermal resources), 25 years, except that— ‘‘(i) any such lease may include an option to renew for 1 additional term of not to exceed 25 years; and ‘‘(ii) any such lease for the exploration, development, or extraction of an oil or gas resource shall be for a term of not to exceed 10 years, plus such additional period as the Navajo Nation determines to be appropriate in any case in which an oil or gas resource is produced in a paying quantity.’’. (b) GAO REPORT .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall prepare and submit to Congress a report describing the progress made in carrying out the amendment made by subsection (a). 
SEC. 206. EXTENSION OF TRIBAL LEASE PERIOD FOR THE CROW TRIBE OF MONTANA. 
Subsection (a) of the first section of the Act of August 9, 1955 (25 U.S.C. 415(a)), is amended in the second sentence by inserting ‘‘, land held in trust for the Crow Tribe of Montana’’ after ‘‘Devils Lake Sioux Reservation’’. 
(a) D EFINITION OF SECRETARY .—In this section, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (b) TREATMENT OF LEASE PAYMENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2) and at the request of the Indian tribe or individual Indian, any advance payments, bid deposits, or other earnest money received by the Secretary in connection with the review and Secretarial approval under any other Federal law (including regulations) of a sale, lease, permit, or any other conveyance of any interest in any trust or restricted land of any Indian tribe or individual Indian shall, upon receipt and prior to Secretarial approval of the contract or conveyance instrument, be held in the trust fund system for the benefit of the Indian tribe and individual Indian from whose land the funds were generated. (2) RESTRICTION .—If the advance payment, bid deposit, or other earnest money received 
by the Secretary results from competitive bidding, upon selection of the successful bidder, only the funds paid by the successful bidder shall be held in the trust fund system. (c) USE OF FUNDS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—On the approval of the Secretary of a contract or other instrument for a sale, lease, permit, or any other conveyance described in subsection (b)(1), the funds held in the trust fund system and described in subsection (b), along with all income generated from the investment of those funds, shall be disbursed to the Indian tribe or individual Indian landowners. (2) ADMINISTRATION .—If a contract or other instrument for a sale, lease, permit, or any other conveyance described in subsection (b)(1) is not approved by the Secretary, the funds held in the trust fund system and described in subsection (b), along with all income generated from the investment of those funds, shall be paid to the party identified in, and in such amount and on such terms as set out in, the applicable regulations, advertisement, or other notice governing the proposed conveyance of the interest in the land at issue. (d) APPLICABILITY .—This section shall apply to any advance payment, bid deposit, or other earnest money received by the Secretary in connection with the review and Secretarial approval under any other Federal law (including regulations) of a sale, lease, permit, or any other conveyance of any interest in any trust or restricted land of any Indian tribe or individual Indian on or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ). Much of his bill is incorporated in this. He has been a long time champion and supporter of this effort. (Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, first, I would like to thank the chairman very much for bringing this legislation to the floor. It is a Senate bill very much like the bill I introduced that came out of the committee. The bill promotes energy projects critical for economic development areas around Indian Country. Native communities face a significant number of obstacles to developing and delivering energy on their land. Ultimately, the lack of affordable energy undermines efforts to promote social and economic wellbeing in these communities. I have always said Alaska Natives and American Indians are the best caretakers of their lands. This is what Tribal selfdetermination is all about: empowering Native communities with the tools and authority to manage their resources. S. 245 makes important progress in this effort. The bill incorporates a variety of policy changes to enhance Indian energy development. This includes expanding the ability of the Department of Energy to provide technical assistance to tribes and Tribal organizations for energy projects, improving the Department of the Interior’s process for approving energy resource agreements, and requiring FERC to give tribes equal footing with municipalities for hydroelectric licenses. I am also pleased that the bill includes a Tribal biomass demonstration program that mirrors a provision in my Native American Energy Act. I appreciate Chairman HOEVEN ’s willingness to continue to work on Indian energy and his commitment to hold a hearing on my Native American Energy Act in 2019. My bill can serve as the foundation for the next step in promoting Indian energy. I urge my colleagues to support passage of this bill. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we talk a lot about leveling the playing field when it comes to economic development on Tribal lands. Passage of S. 245, the Indian Tribal Energy Development and SelfDetermination Act Amendments of 2017, will help achieve that goal in the area of energy development. Tribes have stated for years that the many Federal laws governing the development of Tribal energy resources are complex and often lead to significant costs, delays, and uncertainties for all parties. This tends to discourage development of Tribal trust energy resources and drive development investments to private or nonTribal lands, resulting in Tribes losing out on much needed revenue and jobs. S. 245 will provide Tribes with greater control and flexibility in developing and managing both their traditional and renewable energy resources, so I am happy to support this bill today. But this is just a start. In the next Congress, I hope we can work together to pass legislation that addresses the other disparities that hinder Tribal economic development as well as incentivize renewable energy development on Tribal lands. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1630 Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I want to do two motions simultaneously here. I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS ), and I ask unanimous consent that the remainder of the time be managed by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ). The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Indian Tribal Energy Development and SelfDetermination Act Amendments and, specifically, the Tribal biomass demonstration provision. Mr. Speaker, in the Northwest, we rely on baseload renewables like biomass. In recent years, we have seen catastrophic fires in the Pacific Northwest devastating our natural resources. When we expand these biomass options, we can reduce forest fire risk by keeping our forests healthier, while also creating a stable energy source. I believe that our Tribes can and should be taking a leading role in this effort. In 2015, eastern Washington was devastated by the wildfires burning more than a million acres in our State and devastating the Colville Tribe’s reservation. Following that, I joined the late Colville Tribal chairman, Jim Boyd, and authored an oped in the Seattle Times advocating for the Tribes to have more tools to manage their lands. This legislation will allow them to take a more active role as it relates to biomass. This new authority allows Tribes to secure agreements with Federal land managers, with terms up to 30 years, to enable longterm investment in infrastructure and local communities. Tribal land management practices are widely acknowledged as more flexible and more effective than those on other Federal land. I look forward to working with the U.S. Forest Service and the Tribes to make sure that this authority is implemented quickly, and I urge my colleagues to pass this legislation to provide flexibility in how we effectively manage our land for the benefit of so many within our local communities. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, based on recent conversations with the Committee on Energy and Commerce Democratic staff, I would also like to note that the Senate has included an amendment to the Federal Power Act in this bill that contains the definition of the term ‘‘Indian Tribe’’ for the purposes of section 7(a) of the act. The intent of the Senate seems to be to ensure that Alaska Natives are included within that term. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, or FERC, currently and historically has interpreted the term ‘‘Indian Tribe’’ in the Federal Power Act to include Alaska Native villages or regional or village corporations. Explicitly including this reference in the amended section 7(a) should in no way be interpreted to exclude Alaska Native villages or regional or village corporations within the meaning of the term ‘‘Indian Tribe’’ elsewhere in this act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, section 202(b) of S. 245, the ‘‘Tribal Biomass Demonstration Project Act,’’ amends the Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004 (TFPA) to include new authority that directs the Secretary (of Agriculture or the Interior) to enter into a minimum number of contracts or agreements with Indian tribes to enable the tribes to carry out various activities on Federal land. Unlike the current TFPA, which is discretionary, the Secretary must enter into agreements with tribes under this new authority. These activities will benefit the Indian tribes that enter into the agreements as well as the surrounding communities, and they will promote healthy forests to stem the plague of wildfires afflicting many Western communities, tribal and nontribal alike. As an initial matter, Section 202(e) requires the Secretary to consult with tribes and tribal organizations in developing the eligibility criteria and to make the criteria public within 120 days of enactment. It is critical that the Secretary meet this deadline to ensure that tribes are able to submit applications for projects in the remainder of fiscal year 2019. As provided in the bill, in evaluating tribal projects, the Secretary is directed to weigh several factors. Given the severe impact of wildfires over the past decade, the importance of one of the factors, improving the forest health of Federal land, cannot be emphasized enough. For example, in August of 2015, two wildfires burned more than 255,000 acres of the Colville Indian Reservation in Washington State. The fires burned nearly 20 percent of the reservation land base and more than 800 million board feet of timber, making it the most damaging fire event in history in terms of board feet of timber lost on any Indian reservation. As noted in a November 8, 2015, column in the Seattle Times by thenColville Chairman Jim Boyd and the Gentlelady from Washington, the Honorable CATHY MCMORRIS  RODGERS , the damage to the Colville Reservation was amplified because major firesuppression resources were tied up suppressing fires on undermanaged areas of nearby National Forest land, leaving the Colville Reservation with little protection. The Secretary should, accordingly, give strong weight to tribal proposals that will improve the forest health on Federal land and protect tribal lands. Finally, Section 202(b) requires the Secretary to incorporate, at a tribe’s request and to the maximum extent practicable, the tribe’s onreservation management plans in the contracts or agreements under which the tribe will perform the activities on Federal land. The requirement that onreservation management plans be incorporated into tribal activities on Federal land is an extension of what Congress has already required. For example, since its enactment in 1976, Section 202(b) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act has required the U.S. Forest Service to coordinate the lands use plans for National Forest System lands with tribal management practices. As highlighted over the years in numerous Committee on Natural Resources hearings, tribal land management practices are widely acknowledged as more flexible and as having forest health outcomes superior to those in effect on nontribal Federal land. The Committee on Natural Resources examined this at an April 10, 2014, oversight hearing on tribal forest management. Compared to federal land managers, tribes find increased forest management efficiencies in the tiered environmental compliance afforded by tribal Integrated Resource Management Plans and the limitation on third party appeals in Bureau of Indian Affairs forestry regulations (which are incorporated into tribal forest management plans). These and other onreservation management practices could and should be included in agreements under Section 202 at a tribes’ request. On a final note, nothing in the TFPA or the amendments made to the TFPA under Sec. 202 of S. 245 provide, or imply a provision, for tribal management of nontribal interests in Federal land (and nontribal users of such land) beyond the specific forest management related functions set forth in the Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 245. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SOUTHEAST ALASKA REGIONAL HEALTH CONSORTIUM LAND TRANSFER ACT OF 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 825) to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Southeast Alaska Regional Health Consortium located in Sitka, Alaska, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 825 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Southeast Alaska Regional Health Consortium Land Transfer Act of 2017’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As soon as practicable, but not later than 2 years, after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall convey to the Southeast Alaska Regional Health Consortium located in Sitka, Alaska (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Consortium’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the property described in section 3 for use in connection with health and social services programs. (b) EFFECT ON ANYQUITCLAIM DEED.—The conveyance by the Secretary of title by warranty deeds under this section shall, on the effective date of the conveyance, supersede and render of no future effect any quitclaim deed to the property described in section 3 executed by the Secretary and the Consortium. (c) CONDITIONS .—The conveyance of the property under this Act— (1) shall be made by warranty deed; and (2) shall not— (A) require any consideration from the Consortium for the property; (B) impose any obligation, term, or condition on the Consortium; or (C) allow for any reversionary interest of the United States in the property. SEC. 3. PROPERTY DESCRIBED. 
The property, including all land and appurtenances, described in this section is the property included in U.S. Survey 1496, Lots 3, 5, 6, 9, 10, 11A, 11A Parcel A, and 11B, partially surveyed Township 55 South, Range 63 East of the Copper River Meridian, containing 19.07 acres, in Sitka, Alaska. 
(a) L IABILITY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Consortium shall not be liable for any soil, surface water, groundwater, or other contamination resulting from the disposal, release, or presence of any environmental contamination on any portion of the property described in section 3 on or before the date on which the property is conveyed to the Consortium, except that the Secretary shall not be liable for any contamination that occurred after the date on which the Consortium controlled, occupied, and used such property. (2) ENVIRONMENTAL CONTAMINATION .—An environmental contamination described in paragraph (1) includes any oil or petroleum products, hazardous substances, hazardous materials, hazardous waste, pollutants, toxic substances, solid waste, or any other environmental contamination or hazard as defined in any Federal or State of Alaska law. (b) EASEMENT .—The Secretary shall be accorded any easement or access to the property conveyed under this Act as may be reasonably necessary to satisfy any retained obligation or liability of the Secretary. (c) NOTICE OF HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE ACTIVITY AND WARRANTY .—In carrying out this Act, the Secretary shall comply with subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 120(h)(3) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)(3)). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alaska. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alaska? There was no objection. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 825, the Southeast Alaska Regional Health Consortium Land Transfer Act of 2017. The consortium provides comprehensive healthcare to Native communities throughout Alaska’s panhandle. It also delivers healthcare on behalf of the Federal Government through selfdetermination compacting. The consortium operates Mt. Edgecumbe Hospital in Sitka, a 25bed, 
criticalaccess facility. The hospital was constructed towards the end of World War II. It is in dire need of updating due to its age and condition. For the consortium to secure financing for the project to update the conditions of the facilities, they need land on the hospital campus, which is currently held by IHS, conveyed by warranty deed. S. 825 is a companion bill to my bill, H.R. 1901. Simply, it would transfer 19 acres of Federal land to the consortium, allowing them to update and improve healthcare services for Alaska Natives. From the 112th to the 114th Congress, three of my bills that authorized similar land transfers for different entities were signed into law. These bills were nearly identical to S. 825. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman BISHOP and his staff for moving this bill through committee. I would also like to thank Ranking Member GRIJALVA and his staff for their bipartisan work on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the passage of this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Southeast Alaska Regional Health Consortium, composed of 18 Native communities, is one of the oldest and largest Nativerun health organizations in the Nation. The consortium operates the Mt. Edgecumbe Hospital in Sitka, Alaska, which serves as a regional hospital for people throughout southeast Alaska. At 67 years old, the Mt. Edgecumbe Hospital is the oldest facility in Alaska and one of the oldest in the Nation. As such, it is in dire need of updates and repairs. However, the title to the hospital is currently held by the Indian Health Service. In order to obtain the financing necessary to facilitate the renovations, it is necessary for the consortium to hold unencumbered warranty title to the land. S. 825 will convey the land to the consortium by warranty title to ensure that the process moves forward. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 825. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. COMMERCIAL ENGAGEMENT THROUGH OCEAN TECHNOLOGY ACT OF 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2511) to require the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere to carry out a program on coordinating the assessment and acquisition by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration of unmanned maritime systems, to make available to the public data collected by the Administration using such systems, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 2511 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Commercial Engagement Through Ocean Technology Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘CENOTE Act of 2018’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. Sec. 3. Coordination regarding assessment and acquisition by National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration of unmanned maritime systems. Sec. 4. Regular assessment of unmanned maritime systems to support National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration missions. Sec. 5. Acquisition of unmanned maritime systems. Sec. 6. Reports on unmanned maritime systems and usage for mission of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. Sec. 7. Funding and additional authorities. 
In this Act: (1) ADMINISTRATION .—The term ‘‘Administration’’ means the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. (2) ADMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere and Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. (3) COOPERATIVE ACTIVITIES OF THE ADMINIS TRATION .—The terms ‘‘cooperative activities of the Administration’’ means cooperative activities between the Administration and an external entity, such as the Cooperative Institutes, Sea Grant Colleges, National Estuarine Research Reserves, the National Oceanographic Partnership Program established under chapter 665 of title 10, United States Code, and regional associations of the Integrated Ocean Observing System. (4) DATA SPECIFICATIONS .—The term ‘‘data specifications’’ shall refer to the type, resolution, periodicity, and quality of data required by an program of the Administration. (5) TEST OR TRAINING RANGE .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘‘test or training range’’ means an area designated for operating unmanned maritime systems and other types of systems for the purpose of— (i) evaluating the performance of such systems; or (ii) training personnel on operating procedures for such systems. (B) INCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘test or training range’’ may include specialized fixed or portable instrumentation for the operation of unmanned maritime systems and other types of systems. (6) UNMANNED MARITIME SYSTEMS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘‘unmanned maritime systems’’ means remotely operated or autonomous vehicles produced by the commercial sector— (i) designed to function without an on board human presence; and (ii) that may include associated components such as control and communications, instrumentation, data transmission, and processing systems. (B) EXAMPLES .—The term ‘‘unmanned maritime systems’’ includes the following: (i) Unmanned undersea vehicles. (ii) Unmanned surface vehicles. (iii) Autonomous underwater vehicles. (iv) Autonomous surface vehicles. (C) TREATMENT OF AERIAL VEHICLES .—The term ‘‘unmanned maritime systems’’ includes unmanned aerial vehicles and autonomous aerial vehicles that are used to address maritime issues to the extent the Administrator determines it is necessary and appropriate to achieve the purposes of this Act. 
SEC. 3. COORDINATION REGARDING ASSESSMENT AND ACQUISITION BY NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION OF UNMANNED MARITIME SYSTEMS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall direct the Office of Oceanic and Atmospheric Research (in this Act referred to as ‘‘OAR’’) and the Office of Marine and Aviation Operations (in this Act referred to as ‘‘OMAO’’)— (1) to coordinate the Administration’s research, assessment, and acquisition of unmanned maritime systems; and (2) to consider the use of unmanned maritime systems in cooperative activities of the Administration. (b) COORDINATION WITHIN THE ADMINISTRA TION.— (1) UNMANNED SYSTEMS EXECUTIVE OVER SIGHT BOARD .—In meeting the requirements described in subsection (a), the Administrator shall— (A) utilize the Unmanned Systems Executive Oversight Board (in this Act referred to as the ‘‘USEOB’’) as the coordinating mechanism; and (B) ensure that OAR and OMAO address requirements throughout the Administration. (2) INCLUDED .—In utilizing the USEOB under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall ensure that representation on the USEOB is included from the following: (A) The Office of Ocean Exploration (OER). (B) The program office of the Integrated Ocean Observing System. (C) Such other offices of the Administration as the Administrator determines are actively engaged with unmanned maritime systems. (c) COORDINATION WITH THE NAVY.— (1) IN GENERAL .—In carrying out this Act, the Administrator shall— (A) make efforts to coordinate with the Secretary of the Navy to leverage expertise in the development and operational transition of unmanned maritime systems; (B) align with, utilize, and inform the Deputy Under Secretary of Commerce for Operations and the Oceanographer of the Navy’s strategic and operational priorities, particularly for missions and geography within the Administration’s purview; (C) seek to utilize Naval unmanned systems test or training ranges, such as the Gulf of Mexico Unmanned Systems Test and Training Range of the Naval Meteorology and Oceanography Command, and maximize interagency cooperation and sharing of best practices; and 
(D) to formalize coordination, execute a memorandum of understanding with the Secretary of the Navy that includes— (i) incorporating consideration of priorities and requirements of the Administration into research and development activities conducted by the Secretary of the Navy; (ii) consultation intended to encourage and facilitate efforts by the Administration to partner with the Navy to procure unmanned maritime systems and to establish, instrument, and operate test or training ranges and related facilities; (iii) adopting procedures defined by the Secretary of the Navy for the Administration to access and utilize test or training ranges or related Naval facilities for purposes identified in paragraph (2)(B); and (iv) such other topics as the Administrator considers necessary or advisable, including mapping, bathymetry, observations, and ocean exploration. (2) LOCATION .—The Administrator shall, if practicable, carry out the activities authorized by this Act at a facility where the Navy and the Administration are colocated, for the following purposes: (A) Gaining efficiencies through collaboration. (B) Advancing development of unmanned maritime systems, including— (i) systems research and development; (ii) systems testing; (iii) systems modifications; and (iv) systems integration. (C) Accelerating transition from concept to manufacturing and acquisition. (d) COORDINATION WITH OTHER FEDERAL  AGENCIES .—In carrying out this Act, the Administrator and the Secretary of the Navy may utilize the National Oceanographic Partnership Program, established under chapter 665 of title 10, United States Code, as a mechanism for providing interagency coordination for the advancement of unmanned maritime systems. (e) COORDINATION WITHACADEMIC SECTOR .— In carrying out this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary of the Navy, may coordinate and colocate with an academic research institution, or consortium of academic research institutions, for the following purposes: (1) Maximizing opportunities for research and development of unmanned maritime systems. (2) Providing training in unmanned maritime systems as part of an accredited certificate or degree program of education. (3) Facilitating the commercialization of unmanned maritime systems through public private partnerships that includes academic research institutions, private industry, and public safety agencies. (4) Arranging access to and use of additional facilities that support testing and assessment of or training with respect to unmanned maritime systems under environmental conditions of interest, increasing operational tolerance under such conditions, certifying operational capacity under such conditions, whether real or simulated, and training operators of unmanned maritime systems in real or simulated environments. (5) Facilitating engagement with other academic institutions with interest or relevant expertise in unmanned maritime systems. (6) Promoting information sharing between the academic, environmental, and military institutions to lead to more robust, mission oriented unmanned maritime systems. (f) ENGAGEMENT WITH THE PRIVATE SECTOR.—Other than as described in subsection (e), the Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary of the Navy, may, in carrying out this Act, to the extent practicable, coordinate and consult with the private sector— (1) to support the commercialization of unmanned maritime systems; and (2) to assist with their assessment of commercially available unmanned maritime systems to support the missions and goals of the Navy, the Administration, and cooperative activities of the Administration. SEC. 4. REGULAR ASSESSMENT OF UNMANNED MARITIME SYSTEMS TO SUPPORT NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION MISSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator, acting through the Assistant Administrator for Oceanic and Atmospheric Research and the Director of the Office of Marine and Aviation Operations and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commissioned Officer Corps, shall regularly assess publicly and commercially available unmanned maritime systems for potential use to support missions of the Administration. (b) SCIENCE BASED ASSESSMENTS .—The Ad ministrator shall carry out subsection (a) through the Assistant Administrator for all matters relating to assessment of the suitability, feasibility, and costeffectiveness of unmanned maritime systems to meet data specifications required by programs of the Administration. (c) ASSESSMENT OF OPERATIONAL UTILITY .— The Administrator shall carry out subsection (a) through the Director for all matters relating to assessment of whether unmanned maritime systems are operationally reliable, feasible, and cost effective enough to make observations required by programs of the Administration. (d) ENGAGEMENT .—The Assistant Administrator and the Director shall jointly— (1) convene and consult the Unmanned Maritime Systems Ocean Technology Coordinating Committee established under section 3(b); and (2) consult with the heads of other offices of the Administration, the academic sector, and developers and manufacturers of unmanned maritime systems to conduct the assessments under subsection (a). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall coordinate and centralize the acquisition by the Administration of unmanned maritime systems to meet the prioritized list of data requirements identified by OAR and OMAO in carrying out this Act in their regular assessments and approved by the USEOB. (b) MEMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING .—In order to realize greater savings and efficiency, the Administrator may develop and execute a memorandum of agreement with the Secretary of the Navy to— (1) participate in procurements conducted by the signatories to the memorandum of understanding; (2) accept decommissioned unmanned maritime systems from the Navy; (3) develop policies and procedures to share unmanned maritime systems; or (4) provide for other means of creating efficiency and savings in Federal acquisition of unmanned maritime systems. (c) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to modify Federal procurement law. 
SEC. 6. REPORTS ON UNMANNED MARITIME SYSTEMS AND USAGE FOR MISSION OF THE NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In carrying out this Act, the Administrator shall, not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 4 years thereafter, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the usage of unmanned maritime systems for the mission of the Administration. (b) CONTENTS .—Each report submitted under subsection (a) shall include, for the period covered by the report, the following: (1) An inventory of current unmanned maritime systems used by programs of the Administration, a summary of the data they have returned, and the benefits realized from having such data. (2) A prioritized list of data requirements of the Administration that could be met with unmanned maritime systems, and the commercially available unmanned maritime systems with the operational capabilities to collect such data. (c) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Natural Resources, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives. 
(a) F UNDING .—The Administrator shall carry out this Act using existing amounts appropriated or otherwise made available to the Administration. (b) ADDITIONAL AUTHORITIES .—In carrying out this Act, the Administrator may— (1) enter into contracts, cooperative agreements, and other transactions with any domestic or foreign government; (2) notwithstanding section 1342 of title 31, United States Code, accept donations and voluntary and uncompensated services; (3) accept funds from other Federal departments and agencies; (4) utilize the National Oceanographic Partnership Program established under chapter 665 of title 10, United States Code, to accept funds from other Federal departments and agencies, to accept donations, and to enter into contracts and award grants; (5) under an agreement entered into under paragraph (1), transfer funds appropriated to carry our this Act to any organization; and (6) use, with their consent, with or without reimbursement, and subject to the availability of appropriations, the land, services, equipment, personnel, and facilities of— (A) any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States; (B) any State or local government or tribal government; or (C) any foreign government or international organization. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alaska. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alaska? There was no objection. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in strong support of the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. PALAZZO ). 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2511, the Commercial Engagement Through Ocean Technology Act, as amended, also known as CENOTE. This bicameral, bipartisan, and bicoastal legislation advances the National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration’s use of unmanned maritime systems by coordinating the private and academic sectors with the Navy on evaluating unmanned maritime systems technology and their utility in science and management. The legislation highlights the unique role that nondefense interests such as NOAA, academia, and the private sector play in the advancement of unmanned systems, which can gather a wide range of ocean data with fishery management, navigation, and economic benefits. Additionally, sensors can be utilized for dozens of meteorological and oceanographic readings, including acoustics, water temperature, salinity, and much more. The evolution of unmanned systems continues to present opportunities to replace, enhance, and reinforce traditional tools and infrastructure, such as moorings and manned research vessels, while minimizing operational costs. Demand greatly outpaces supply in the fielding of these assets. Specifically, NOAA is charged with the difficult tasks of mapping, observing, and exploring our oceans, which cover over 70 percent of our Earth’s surface. It is no surprise, then, that 80 percent of our ocean is unmanned, unobserved, and unexplored. Because of the limitations of funding and fielding, NOAA continues the slow process of mapping. However, legislation like this can assist in the process. This legislation would require NOAA to leverage the technical and procurement expertise of the Navy and other partners to assess existing capabilities and initiate acquisition strategies. Ultimately, CENOTE is a win for defense, commerce, fisheries, environmental monitoring, and research and disaster planning and recovery. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. Finally, I want to thank Chairman ROBBISHOP and his professional staff, Bill Ball, for assisting my office in bringing this legislation to the floor. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 2511 directs NOAA to coordinate the use and data collection of unmanned maritime systems, including with the Navy. In addition, this bill directs NOAA to regularly assess how these technologies can be used to support NOAA’s missions. Unmanned maritime systems are exciting new technologies that are remotely operated or autonomous vehicles used to collect data for seafloor mapping, atmospheric conditions, wave heights, water temperature, salinity, and carbon dioxide content. They can even be used to study marine mammals and help with fishery management. This is an important bill that embraces 21st century technology to address the increasing challenges and needs facing our oceans today. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill. I commend Senators WICKER and S CHATZ  and Congressmen PALAZZO and P ANETTA for their work on this bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting passage of this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, at this time I would like to thank Chairman SMITH of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee; Chairman THORNBERRY of the Armed Services Committee; and Congressman STEVEN PALAZZO , who sponsored the House counterpart of this legislation, for their cooperation in getting S. 2511 to the floor today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, December 10, 2018. Hon. MACTHORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Washington, DC DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : The Majority Leader wishes to schedule S. 2511, the Commercial Engagement Through Ocean Technology Act of 2018, for consideration under suspension of the rules this week. This bill was primarily referred to the Committee on Natural Resources and additionally referred to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Science, Space and Technology. I ask that the Committee on Armed Services not insist on its referral of the bill so that it may be considered on the Floor with an amendment requested by the Committee on Science, Space and Technology. This concession in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have your committee represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and your response in the Congressional Record during debate on the bill. Thank you for your consideration of my request and for the extraordinary cooperation shown by you and your staff over matters of shared jurisdiction. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, December 10, 2018. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to you concerning S. 2511, the ‘‘Commercial Engagement Through Ocean Technology Act of 2018.’’ There are certain provisions in the bill which fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Armed Services. In the interest of permitting your committee to proceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this important legislation, I am willing to waive this committee’s further consideration of S. 2511. I do so with the understanding that by waiving consideration of the bill, the Committee on Armed Services does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the legislation which fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. The committee also reserves the right to seek appointment to any House Senate conference on this legislation and requests your support if such a request is made. Please place this letter into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have worked regarding this matter and others between our respective committees. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2511, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1645 SECRET SERVICE OVERTIME PAY EXTENSION ACT Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6893) to amend the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016 to extend the Secret Service overtime pay exception through 2019, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6893 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Secret Service Overtime Pay Extension Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF OVERTIME PAY EXCEPTION THROUGH 2020 FOR PROTECTIVE SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2 of the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016 (5 U.S.C. 5547 note), as amended by Public Law 115–160, is further amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
2018’’ and inserting ‘‘ 2020’’; (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘or 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2018, 2019, or 2020’’; and (3) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2018, 2019, and 2020’’. (b) REPORT ON EXTENSIONS .—Not later than January 30 of each of calendar years 2020 and 2021, the Director of the Secret Service shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the effects of the amendments made by subsection (a). The report shall include, with respect to the previous calendar year, the information described under paragraphs (1) through (7) of section 2(c) of Public Law 115–160. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H ICE) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the U.S. Secret Service is the premier protective agency in the world. Secret Service agents and officers play a vital role in defending the President, highranking government officials, and events of national significance. Protection is a roundtheclock job, and Secret Service personnel often work extensive overtime to fulfill their zerofail mission. Under current law, Federal employees across the government may not be paid above an annual premium pay cap. The cap consists of base pay, including locality pay, and premium pay, such as overtime. The cap is in place to ensure a hierarchy of pay so that frontline employees do not earn more than their supervisors who are ineligible for overtime pay. It also helps to control agency spending on compensation. The cap, however, has led to issues at the Secret Service. Due to a staffing shortage and increased protective responsibilities, Secret Service personnel are expected to work increasing amounts of overtime, causing them to hit the premium pay cap well in advance of the end of the year. Secret Service personnel are expected to continue working once they hit the cap, but they receive no extra compensation for this work. This phenomenon is known as maxing out at the agency, and it can cause morale and attrition problems. Committee staff recently traveled to observe Secret Service operations in Europe. During that trip, the topic of maxing out came up as an issue consistently on the minds of personnel in the field. The maxing out issue is expected to get worse in 2020, when the burdens of the Presidential campaign cycle cause a large increase in hours worked by the Secret Service. In the previous Presidential election cycle, Congress raised the premium pay cap for Secret Service personnel to the Executive Schedule Level II, ensuring Secret Service personnel receive additional compensation commensurate with the amount of time they must work. This waiver of the governmentwide premium pay cap was extended to the end of 2018 by the Secret Service Recruitment and Retention Act. Without a further extension, Secret Service personnel will once again be subject to the lower pay cap. H.R. 6893 extends the premium pay cap waiver to the end of 2020. Between 700 and 900 personnel will be eligible for extra pay in 2019, while approximately 1,150 will be eligible in 2020. The bill also continues a series of reports due to Congress on the premium pay cap, to ensure its appropriate use. Extending the premium pay cap waiver also gives time for the Government Accountability Office to complete ongoing review of the Secret Service’s staffing issues. Finally, it ensures the agency doesn’t backtrack on staffing progress made to date. The Oversight and Government Reform Committee continues to maintain that the premium pay cap waiver cannot be a permanent change and that the Secret Service must fix its own staffing issues and problems. For now, however, I do urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I thank and acknowledge the remarks of the gentleman from Georgia on this bill. As ranking member of the Subcommittee on National Security, I also express my strong support for H.R. 6893, the Secret Service Overtime Pay Extension Act, introduced by my friend STEVE RUSSELL from Oklahoma, who is the chairman of our subcommittee. In light of previous legislation reported out of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform on a bipartisan basis, this bill would ensure that the United States Secret Service retains the ability to provide overtime pay to its dedicated workforce for the additional work that agents will be required to perform in 2019 and through the 2020 Presidential election process. The bipartisan investigation conducted by our committee during the 114th Congress examined how best to strengthen the core protective mission of the Secret Service. The Secret Service is our Nation’s primary security force for the protection of the President, the First Family, Presidential candidates, and, when necessary, other elected officials and world leaders. The Secret Service currently faces serious administrative challenges. According to the bipartisan report unanimously adopted by our committee in 2016, chief among those challenges is a staffing crisis that poses perhaps the greatest threat to the agency and that allowed a series of brazen security breaches during both the Obama and Trump administrations. The safety and security of the Secret Service mission demands that the Congress provide sufficient funding to restore the agency to adequate staffing levels. At a minimum, we must first ensure that the agency retains the basic ability to compensate its agents with the overtime pay that they have earned and that they deserve. In 2017, we passed legislation on a bipartisan basis to retroactively authorize overtime pay for the thousands of additional hours worked by Secret Service employees in the midst of an extraordinarily taxing and extended 2016 Presidential campaign season. Recognizing that the agency now provides security details for a President with a larger First Family and multiple and extensive travel schedules, we subsequently passed legislation extending that authorization through 2018. As underscored by the Federal union representing rankandfile Secret Service agents, the 2020 Presidential campaign season is expected to involve the participation of multiple candidates who may require earlier Secret Service protection than customary and include an extended Presidential primary cycle, thereby imposing further demands on the already understaffed Secret Service workforce. That is why our committee approved Representative STEVE RUSSELL ’s legislation to fund overtime pay for the Secret Service for calendar year 2019, as well as an amendment introduced by our full committee ranking member, the gentleman from Maryland, ELIJAH  CUMMINGS , to extend this authorization through the 2020 campaign year. I note that the 2year authorization request was specifically supported by the Secret Service. The hardworking men and women of the Secret Service put their lives on the line every day and make tremendous personal sacrifices for our country. Congress has a fundamental responsibility to provide the resources that they need to do their jobs safely and successfully. While I believe Congress should also spend some time working together on a permanent fix to this problem, I, nevertheless, stand proud to join my colleagues in this bipartisan effort to support the Secret Service in this effort. Mr. Speaker, I also urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I will take just a moment to give a huge thank you to the sponsor of this bill, Mr. STEVE RUSSELL  from Oklahoma. Unfortunately, his flight was delayed. I know he would have loved to have been here to speak on this bill. I give a shoutout to him, thanking him for his leadership here. And also, as the gentleman from Massachusetts mentioned, other cosponsors, Mr. CUMMINGS , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ), and others, thanks to each of them. Mr. Speaker, may the gentleman from Massachusetts be aware that I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. Mr. Speaker, again, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I also urge adoption of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6893, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016 to extend the Secret Service overtime pay exception through 2020, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROVIDING CERTAIN BURIAL BENEFITS FOR SPOUSES AND CHILDREN OF VETERANS WHO ARE BURIED IN TRIBAL CEMETERIES Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2248) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide certain burial benefits for spouses and children of veterans who are buried in tribal cemeteries, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2248 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Benefits and Transition Act of 2018’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—EDUCATION Sec. 101. Inclusion of certain additional periods of active duty service for purposes of suspension of charges to entitlement during periods of suspended participation in Department of Veterans Affairs vocational rehabilitation programs. Sec. 102. Provision of monthly housing stipend information under Post9/ 11 Educational Assistance Program. Sec. 103. Disapproval for purposes of educational assistance programs of Department of Veterans Affairs of certain courses of education that do not permit individuals to attend or participate in courses pending payment. Sec. 104. Provision of information on required additional actions to allow individuals to stay enrolled in courses of education pending receipt of educational assistance from department of veterans affairs. Sec. 105. Calculation of monthly housing stipend under high technology pilot program based on location of campus where veteran attends classes. Sec. 106. Clarification regarding applicability of authority to use educational assistance to pursue independent study programs at certain educational institutions that are not institutions of higher learning. TITLE II—MEMORIAL AFFAIRS Sec. 201. Eligibility of spouses and children of veterans buried in tribal cemeteries for certain Department of Veterans Affairs burial benefits. Sec. 202. Department of Veterans Affairs provision of headstones and markers for, and interment in national cemeteries of, spouses and dependent children of members of the Armed Forces serving on active duty. TITLE III—CIVIL RELIEF Sec. 301. Termination of leases of premises of deceased servicemembers who die while in military service. Sec. 302. Residence of spouses of servicemembers for tax purposes. Sec. 303. Residence of spouses of servicemembers for voting. Sec. 304. Termination of multichannel video programming and internet access service contracts. TITLE IV—TRANSITION ASSISTANCE Sec. 401. Study of communitybased transition assistance programs for members of the Armed Forces after separation, retirement, or discharge. TITLE V—DEPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION Sec. 501. Misuse of Department of Veterans Affairs purchase cards by Department employees. Sec. 502. Updating dependent information. Sec. 503. Oversight of Electronic Health Record Modernization Program. Sec. 504. Department of Veterans Affairs notice relating to debt collection activities. TITLE VI—MEDICAL FACILITIES Sec. 601. Authorization of major medical facility projects for fiscal year 2019. Sec. 602. Plans to improve medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs. TITLE VII—OTHER MATTERS Sec. 701. Homeless veterans reintegration programs. Sec. 702. Technical corrections. Sec. 703. Medical Surgical Prime Vendor program. Sec. 704. Report on expanding access to dental care for veterans eligible for health care from the Department of Veterans Affairs. TITLE I—EDUCATION SEC. 101. INCLUSION OF CERTAIN ADDITIONAL PERIODS OF ACTIVE DUTY SERVICE FOR PURPOSES OF SUSPENSION OF CHARGES TO ENTITLEMENT DURING PERIODS OF SUSPENDED PARTICIPATION IN DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 3105(e)(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or 12304’’ and inserting ‘‘12304, 12304a, or 12304b’’. 
SEC. 102. PROVISION OF MONTHLY HOUSING STIPEND INFORMATION UNDER POST9/ 11 EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
Section 3313 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(k) PROVISION OF HOUSING STIPEND PAYMENT INFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall furnish to individuals receiving educational assistance under this chapter documentation that verifies the amount of the monthly housing stipend the individual receives under this section. ‘‘(2) MANNER .—The Secretary shall make such documentation available to the individual using an internet website in the same manner the Secretary provides documentation verifying compensation and other benefits furnished by the Secretary to individuals.’’. 
SEC. 103. DISAPPROVAL FOR PURPOSES OF EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS OF CERTAIN COURSES OF EDUCATION THAT DO NOT PERMIT INDIVIDUALS TO ATTEND OR PARTICIPATE IN COURSES PENDING PAYMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3679 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of this chapter, beginning on August 1, 2019, a State approving agency, or the Secretary when acting in the role of the State approving agency, shall disapprove a course of education provided by an educational institution that has in effect a policy that is inconsistent with any of the following: ‘‘(A) A policy that permits any covered individual to attend or participate in the course of education during the period beginning on the date on which the individual provides to the educational institution a certificate of eligibility for entitlement to educational assistance under chapter 31 or 33 of this title and ending on the earlier of the following dates: ‘‘(i) The date on which the Secretary provides payment for such course of education to such institution. ‘‘(ii) The date that is 90 days after the date on which the educational institution certifies for tuition and fees following receipt from the student such certificate of eligibility. ‘‘(B) A policy that ensures that the educational institution will not impose any penalty, including the assessment of late fees, the denial of access to classes, libraries, or other institutional facilities, or the requirement that a covered individual borrow additional funds, on any covered individual because of the individual’s inability to meet his or her financial obligations to the institution due to the delayed disbursement of a payment to be provided by the Secretary under chapter 31 or 33 of this title. ‘‘(2) For purposes of this subsection, a covered individual is any individual who is entitled to educational assistance under chapter 31 or 33 of this title. ‘‘(3) The Secretary may waive such requirements of paragraph (1) as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
‘‘(4) It shall not be inconsistent with a policy described in paragraph (1) for an educational institution to require a covered individual to take the following additional actions: ‘‘(A) Submit a certificate of eligibility for entitlement to educational assistance not later than the first day of a course of education for which the individual has indicated the individual wishes to use the individual’s entitlement to educational assistance. ‘‘(B) Submit a written request to use such entitlement. ‘‘(C) Provide additional information necessary to the proper certification of enrollment by the educational institution.’’. (b) PROMPT PAYMENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall take such actions as may be necessary to ensure that the Secretary makes a payment to an educational institution on behalf of an individual, who is entitled to educational assistance under chapter 31 or 33 of title 38, United States Code, and who is using such assistance to pursue a program of education at the educational institution, not later than 60 days after the date on which the educational institution certifies to the Secretary the applicable tuition and fees for the individual. (2) SEMIANNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than May 1 and October 1 of each year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a semiannual report summarizing any cases in which the Secretary failed to make a payment described in paragraph (1) within the period set forth in such paragraph and an explanation for each delayed disbursement of payment. (c) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—In a case in which an individual is unable to meet a financial obligation to an educational institution due to the delayed disbursement of a payment to be provided by the Secretary under chapter 31 or 33 of such title and the amount of such disbursement is less than anticipated, nothing in section 3679(e) of such title, as added by subsection (a), shall be construed to prohibit an educational institution from requiring additional payment or imposing a fee for the amount that is the difference between the amount of the financial obligation and the amount of the disbursement. 
SEC. 104. PROVISION OF INFORMATION ON REQUIRED ADDITIONAL ACTIONS TO ALLOW INDIVIDUALS TO STAY ENROLLED IN COURSES OF EDUCATION PENDING RECEIPT OF EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE FROM DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
Section 3698(c)(1)(C) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in clause (x), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in clause (xi), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(xii) information on whether the institution requires a covered individual to take additional action pursuant to section 3679(e)(4) of this title to stay enrolled in a course pending receipt of educational assistance under a law administered by the Secretary.’’. 
SECTION 105. CALCULATION OF MONTHLY HOUSING STIPEND UNDER HIGH TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAM BASED ON LOCATION OF CAMPUS WHERE VETERAN ATTENDS CLASSES. 
Section 116(d)(1) of the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–48, 38 U.S.C. 3001 (note)), is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the institution at which the individual is enrolled’’ and inserting ‘‘the campus of the institution where the individual physically participates in a majority of classes’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the amount payable’’ and all that follows through ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘the national average of the monthly amount of the basic allowance for housing payable under section 403 of title 37, United States Code, for a member with dependents in pay grade E–5’’. SEC. 106. CLARIFICATION REGARDING APPLICABILITY OF AUTHORITY TO USE EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE TO PURSUE INDEPENDENT STUDY PROGRAMS AT CERTAIN EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS THAT ARE NOT INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER LEARNING. 
The section heading for section 302 of the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–48; 131 Stat. 990) is amended to read as follows (and the table of contents for such Act is conformed accordingly): 
‘‘SEC. 302. AUTHORIZATION FOR USE OF EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE UNDER ANY OF THE EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO PURSUE INDEPENDENT STUDY PROGRAMS AT CERTAIN EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS THAT ARE NOT INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER LEARNING.’’. 
SEC. 201. ELIGIBILITY OF SPOUSES AND CHILDREN OF VETERANS BURIED IN TRIBAL CEMETERIES FOR CERTAIN DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS BURIAL BENEFITS. 
Section 2306 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(4), by inserting ‘‘or a veterans’ cemetery owned by a tribal organization or on land owned by or held in trust for a tribal organization’’ after ‘‘State’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting ‘‘, a veterans’ cemetery of a tribal organization or on land owned by or held in trust for a tribal organization’’ after ‘‘owned by a State’’; (3) in subsection (f)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; (B) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) The Secretary’’; (C) by striking ‘‘a national cemetery or in a veterans cemetery of a State or tribal organization for which the Department has provided a grant under section 2408 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘a covered cemetery’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) The term ‘covered cemetery’ means any of the following: ‘‘(A) A national cemetery. ‘‘(B) A veterans’ cemetery of a State for which the Department has provided a grant under section 2408 of this title. ‘‘(C) A veterans’ cemetery of a tribal organization or on land owned by or held in trust for a tribal organization for which the Department has provided a grant under subsection (f) of such section.’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) In this section, the term ‘tribal organization’ has the meaning given such term in section 3765 of this title.’’. 
SEC. 202. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS PROVISION OF HEADSTONES AND MARKERS FOR, AND INTERMENT IN NATIONAL CEMETERIES OF, SPOUSES AND DEPENDENT CHILDREN OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES SERVING ON ACTIVE DUTY. 
(a) H EADSTONES AND MARKERS .—Section 2306(b)(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, or the spouse of a member of the Armed Forces serving on active duty under conditions other than dishonorable, as shown by a statement from a general courtmartial convening authority, at the time of the spouse’s death if such death occurs before October 1, 2024’’ after ‘‘veteran’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘, or the eligible dependent child of a member of the Armed Forces serving on active duty under conditions other than dishonorable, as shown by a statement from a general court martial convening authority, at the time of the child’s death if such death occurs before October 1, 2024’’ after ‘‘veteran’’. (b) INTERMENT IN NATIONAL CEMETERIES .— Section 2402(a)(5) of such title is amended by inserting ‘‘, and the spouse, minor child, and, in the discretion of the Secretary, unmarried adult child of a member of the Armed Forces serving on active duty under conditions other than dishonorable, as shown by a statement from a general courtmartial convening authority, at the time of the spouse’s or child’s death if such death occurs before October 1, 2024’’ after ‘‘paragraph (7)’’. TITLE III—CIVIL RELIEF 
SEC. 301. TERMINATION OF LEASES OF PREMISES OF DECEASED SERVICEMEMBERS WHO DIE WHILE IN MILITARY SERVICE. 
Section 305(a) of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 3955) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘
BYLESSEE ’’; (2) in the heading for paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘IN GENERAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘T ERMINATION BY LESSEE ’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) DEATH OF LESSEE .—The spouse of the lessee on a lease described in subsection (b)(1) may terminate the lease during the oneyear period beginning on the date of the death of the lessee, if the lessee dies while in military service or while performing full time National Guard duty, active Guard and Reserve duty, or inactiveduty training (as such terms are defined in section 101(d) of title 10, United States Code).’’. 
SEC. 302. RESIDENCE OF SPOUSES OF SERVICEMEMBERS FOR TAX PURPOSES. 
(a) R ESIDENCE FOR TAXPURPOSES .—Section 511(a)(2) of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 4001(a)(2)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘A spouse’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—A spouse’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) ELECTION .—For any taxable year of the marriage, the spouse of a servicemember may elect to use the same residence for purposes of taxation as the servicemember regardless of the date on which the marriage of the spouse and the servicemember occurred.’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to any return of State or local income tax filed for any taxable year beginning with the taxable year that includes the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 303. RESIDENCE OF SPOUSES OF SERVICEMEMBERS FOR VOTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 705(b) of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 4025(b)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘State or local office’’ and all that follows through the period at the end of paragraph (3) and inserting ‘‘State or local office—’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) a person who is absent from a State because the person is accompanying the person’s spouse who is absent from that same 
State in compliance with military or naval orders shall not, solely by reason of that absence— ‘‘(A) be deemed to have lost a residence or domicile in that State, without regard to whether or not the person intends to return to that State; ‘‘(B) be deemed to have acquired a residence or domicile in any other State; or ‘‘(C) be deemed to have become a resident in or a resident of any other State; and ‘‘(2) the spouse of a servicemember may elect to use the same residence as the servicemember regardless of the date on which the marriage of the spouse and the servicemember occurred.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 304. TERMINATION OF MULTICHANNEL VIDEO PROGRAMMING AND INTERNET ACCESS SERVICE CONTRACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 305A of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 3956) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘ , 
INTERNET ACCESS ’’ after ‘‘ TELEPHONE ’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘cellular telephone service or telephone exchange service’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial mobile service, telephone exchange service, internet access service, or multichannel video programming service’’; (3) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘for commercial mobile service or telephone exchange service’’ before ‘‘terminated’’; (4) in subsection (d), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘cellular telephone service’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial mobile service’’; (5) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘For any’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—For any’’; (B) by striking ‘‘If the’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) REINSTATEMENT OF SERVICE .—If the’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) RETURN OF PROVIDER OWNED EQUIP MENT .—If a servicemember terminates a contract under subsection (a), the servicemember shall return any providerowned consumer premises equipment to the service provider not later than 10 days after the date on which service is disconnected.’’; and (6) in subsection (g)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (4); and (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) The term ‘commercial mobile service’ has the meaning given that term in section 332(d) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 332(d)). ‘‘(2) The term ‘multichannel video programming service’ means a subscription video service offered by a multichannel video programming distributor, as that term is defined in section 602 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 522), over a system the distributor owns or controls. ‘‘(3) The term ‘providerowned consumer premises equipment’ means any equipment that a provider of internet access service or multichannel video programming service rents or loans to a customer during the provision of that service, including gateways, routers, cable modems, voicecapable modems, CableCARDs, converters, digital adapters, remote controls, and any other equipment provided.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) TITLE HEADING .—The heading for title III of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act is amended by striking ‘‘TELEPHONE’’ and in serting ‘‘COMMUNICATIONS’’. (2) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act is amended— (A) by striking the item relating to title III and inserting the following new item: ‘‘TITLE III—RENT, INSTALLMENT CONTRACTS, MORTGAGES, LIENS, ASSIGNMENT, LEASES, COMMUNICATIONS SERVICE CONTRACTS’’; and (B) by striking the item relating to section 305A and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 305A. Termination of telephone, multichannel video programming, and internet access service contracts.’’. TITLE IV—TRANSITION ASSISTANCE 
SEC. 401. STUDY OF COMMUNITYBASED TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AFTER SEPARATION, RETIREMENT, OR DISCHARGE. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in consultation with State entities that serve members of the Armed Forces who are retired, separated, or discharged from the Armed Forces, shall enter into an agreement with an appropriate nonFederal entity to carry out a study to identify community based programs— (1) that provide transition assistance to such members; and (2) operated by nonprofit entities. (b) TRANSMISSION TO MEMBERS .—The Sec retary of Veterans Affairs shall transmit the list of programs identified under this section to the Secretary of Defense so the Secretaries of the military departments may provide information in the list to members of the Armed Forces who participate in the Transition Assistance Program under sections 1142 and 1144 of title 10, United States Code. (c) ONLINE PUBLICATION .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall publish the most recent version of the list of programs identified under this section on a public website of the Department of Veterans Affairs. TITLE V—DEPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION 
SEC. 501. MISUSE OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS PURCHASE CARDS BY DEPARTMENT EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 728. Misuse of Department purchase cards ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—(1) The Secretary shall prohibit any employee of the Department who the Secretary or the Inspector General of the Department determines has knowingly misused a purchase card from serving as a purchase card holder or approving official. ‘‘(2) Such a prohibition shall be in addition to any other applicable penalty. ‘‘(b) MISUSE .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘misuse’ means— ‘‘(1) splitting purchases; ‘‘(2) exceeding applicable purchase card limits or purchase thresholds; ‘‘(3) purchasing any unauthorized item; ‘‘(4) using a purchase card without being an authorized purchase card holder; or ‘‘(5) violating ethics standards.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 728 the following new item: ‘‘728. Misuse of Department purchase cards.’’. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall make such changes to such information technology systems of the Department of Veterans Affairs, including the eBenefits system or successor system, as may be necessary so that whenever the Secretary records in such systems information about a dependent of a person, the person is able to review and revise such information. SEC. 503. OVERSIGHT OF ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD MODERNIZATION PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROGRAM DOCUMENTS .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees the following documents concerning the Electronic Health Record Modernization Program: (1) Integrated Master Plan. (2) Integrated Master Schedule. (3) Program Management Plan. (4) Annual and lifecycle cost estimates, including, at a minimum, cost elements relating to— (A) Federal Government labor; (B) contractor labor; (C) hardware; (D) software; and (E) testing and evaluation. (5) Cost baseline. (6) Risk Management Plan. (7) Health IT Strategic Architecture Plan. (8) Transition Plan for implementing updated architecture. (9) Data Migration Plan. (10) System and Data Security Plan. (11) Application Implementation Plan. (12) System Design Documents. (13) Legacy Veterans Information Systems and Technology Architecture Standardization, Security Enhancement, and Consolidation Project Plan. (14) Health Data Interoperability Management Plan. (15) Community Care Vision and Implementation Plan, including milestones and a detailed description of how complete interoperability with nonDepartment health care providers will be achieved. (b) QUARTERLY UPDATES .—Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter during the period beginning with the fiscal quarter in which this Act is enacted and ending on the date on which the Electronic Health Record Modernization Program is completed, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees the most recent updated versions, if any exist, of the following documents: (1) Integrated Master Schedule. (2) Program Management Plan, including any written Program Management Review material developed for the Program Management Plan during the fiscal quarter covered by the submission. (3) Each document described in subsection (a)(4). (4) Performance Baseline Report for the fiscal quarter covered by the submission or for the fiscal quarter ending the fiscal year prior to the submission. (5) Budget Reconciliation Report. (6) Risk Management Plan and Risk Register. (c) CONTRACTS .—Not later than 5 days after awarding a contract, order, or agreement, including any modifications thereto, under the Electronic Health Record Modernization Program, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a copy of the entire such contract, order, agreement, or modification. (d) NOTIFICATION .— (1) REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 10 days after an event described in paragraph (2) occurs, the Secretary shall notify the appropriate congressional committees of such occurrence, including a description of the event and an explanation for why such event occurred. 
(2) E VENT DESCRIBED .—An event described in this paragraph is any of the following events regarding the Electronic Health Record Modernization Program: (A) The delay of any milestone or deliverable by 30 or more days. (B) A request for equitable adjustment, equitable adjustment, or change order exceeding $1,000,000 (as such terms are defined in the Federal Acquisition Regulation). (C) The submission of any protest, claim, or dispute, and the resolution of any protest, claim, or dispute (as such terms are defined in the Federal Acquisition Regulation). (D) A loss of clinical or other data. (E) A breach of patient privacy, including any— (i) disclosure of protected health information that is not permitted under regulations promulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–191; 42 U.S.C. 1320d–2 note); and (ii) breach of sensitive personal information (as defined in section 5727 of title 38, United States Code). (e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate; and (B) the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (2) The term ‘‘Electronic Health Record Modernization Program’’ means— (A) any activities by the Department of Veterans Affairs to procure or implement an electronic health or medical record system to replace any or all of the Veterans Information Systems and Technology Architecture, the Computerized Patient Record System, the Joint Legacy Viewer, or the Enterprise Health Management Platform; and (B) any contracts or agreements entered into by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out, support, or analyze the activities under subparagraph (A). 
SEC. 504. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS NOTICE RELATING TO DEBT COLLECTION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) D EBTNOTIFICATION LETTER FORMATS .— The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall collaborate with veterans service organizations to develop a standard format for any letter provided to an individual who the Secretary determines is indebted to the United States by virtue of such individual’s participation in a benefits program administered by the Secretary. Such letter shall be written in plain language and shall include a notice of the debt and a clear explanation of— (1) why the individual is indebted to the United States by virtue of such person’s participation in a benefits program administered by the Secretary; and (2) the options available to the individual. (b) DELIVERY OF DEBTNOTICES BY STAND ARDMAIL AND ELECTRONIC MEANS .—The Sec retary shall develop a method by which individuals may elect to receive notice of debt by electronic means and shall ensure, to the extent practicable, that the letter developed under subsection (a) is delivered— (1) by both standard mail and by electronic means to intended recipients who have made such an election; and (2) only by standard mail to intended recipients who have not made such an election. (c) NOTICE TO CONGRESS .— (1) NOTICES OF COMPLETION .—Upon completion of the development of the standard letter format required under subsection (a) and upon completion of development of the method by which individuals may elect to receive notice of debt by electronic means under subsection (b), the Secretary shall submit to Congress notice of the completion of the respective development. (2) PROGRESS REPORTS .—If the Secretary has not submitted each notice required by paragraph (1) by the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (A) submit to Congress a report describing the progress of the Secretary toward implementing subsections (a) and (b) and an explanation for why the respective development has not been completed; and (B) every 30 days thereafter until all of the notices required by paragraph (1) have been submitted, submit to Congress an update to the report under subparagraph (A) that includes an additional explanation for the failure to complete the respective development. (d) STUDY AND REPORT .— (1) STUDY .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall conduct a study on the process by which individuals who are indebted to the United States by virtue of their participation in a benefits program administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs are notified of debt collection efforts relating to such indebtedness. (2) ELEMENTS .—The study required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An analysis of the scope of the problem of individuals who are indebted to the United States by virtue of their participation in a benefits program administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs not receiving debt collection notices relating to such indebtedness. (B) Identification of administrative actions the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of the Treasury can carry out to reduce the number of incorrect or unknown addresses of such individuals in the databases of the Department Veterans Affairs and the Department of the Treasury and a timeline for carrying out such actions. (C) An estimate of the costs associated with sending debt collection notices to such individuals by certified mail. (D) An analysis of whether, or to what extent, sending debt collection notices to such individuals by certified mail would address the problem analyzed under subparagraph (A). (E) An analysis of the requirements and resources that would be necessary for the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a method for the Secretary to display in one consolidated document the details regarding all of the debts of an individual to the United States by virtue of such individual’s participation in a benefits program administered by the Secretary. (F) An analysis of the extent to which such individuals are so indebted by reason of actions by the Secretary or by actions of the individual, including any trends relating to whether the actions of the individual may be by reason of error, misrepresentation, or fraud. (3) REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall submit to Congress a report on the findings of the Secretaries with respect to the study conducted under paragraph (1). TITLE VI—MEDICAL FACILITIES 
SEC. 601. AUTHORIZATION OF MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECTS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may carry out the following major medical facility projects in fiscal year 2019 at the locations specified and in an amount for each project not to exceed the amount specified for such location: (1) Construction of a community living center and renovation of domiciliary and outpatient facilities in Canandaigua, New York, in an amount not to exceed $351,980,000 (an increase of $193,000,000 as compared to the previous authorization for such project). (2) Renovation of space for a simulation training education center in North Chicago, Illinois, in an amount not to exceed $15,980,000. (3) Construction of a surgical intensive care unit and renovation to expand the operating room suite in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, in an amount not to exceed $29,461,000. (4) Construction of a new medical facility in Louisville, Kentucky, in an amount not to exceed $450,000,000 (an increase of $300,000,000 as compared to the previous authorization for such project). (b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2019 or the year in which funds are appropriated for the Construction, Major Projects account, $847,421,000 for the projects authorized in subsection (a). 
SEC. 602. PLANS TO IMPROVE MEDICAL FACILITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) P LANS REQUIRED .— (1) PLANS OF DIRECTORS OF MEDICAL FACILI TIES.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall require each director of a medical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs to submit to the director of the Veterans Integrated Service Network that covers the facility a plan to improve such facility. (2) PLANS OF DIRECTORS OF VETERANS INTE GRATED SERVICE NETWORKS .—The Secretary shall require each director of a Veterans Integrated Service Network to submit to the Secretary, not later than 60 days after receiving all of the plans under paragraph (1), a plan, based on the plans received under paragraph (1), to improve the facilities within that Veterans Integrated Service Network in such a fashion that would improve the ability of all facilities within that network to provide the best and most efficient care to patients. (b) REGULAR REPORTS .—The Secretary shall ensure that each director of a Veterans Integrated Service Network submits to the Secretary, not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once every two years thereafter, a report on the actions taken by the director to improve the facilities within that Veterans Integrated Service Network and what further such actions might be necessary. (c) SENSE OF CONGRESS ON USE OF AUTHORI TIES TO INVESTIGATE MEDICAL CENTERS OF  
THEDEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs should make full use of the authorities provided by section 2 of the Enhancing Veteran Care Act (Public Law 115– 95; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note). TITLE VII—OTHER MATTERS 
Section 2021(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘reintegration of homeless veterans into the labor force.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘reintegration into the labor force of—’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) homeless veterans (including veterans who were homeless but found housing during the 60day period preceding the date on which the veteran begins to participate in a program under this section); ‘‘(2) veterans participating in the Department of Veterans Affairs supported housing 
program for which rental assistance is provided pursuant to section 8(o)(19) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(19)) or the Tribal HUD–VA Supportive Housing (Tribal HUD–VASH) program; ‘‘(3) Indians who are veterans and receiving assistance under the Native American Housing Assistance and Self Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.); ‘‘(4) veterans described in section 2023(e) of this title or any other veterans who are transitioning from being incarcerated; and ‘‘(5) veterans participating in the Department of Veterans Affairs rapid rehousing and prevention program authorized in section 2044 of this title.’’. 
(a) T ITLE 38.—Title 38, United States Code, is amended as follows: (1) In the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 55, by inserting a period at the end of the item relating to section 5501A. (2) In section 7463(c)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘to answer to answer’’ and inserting ‘‘to answer’’. (b) VETERANS ’ B ENEFITS IMPROVEMENTS  ACT OF 1996.—Section 504 of the Veterans’ Benefits Improvements Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–275; 38 U.S.C. 5101 note) is amended by redesignating the second subsection (c) as subsection (d). 
(a) V ENDORS .—In procuring certain medical, surgical, and dental supplies or laboratory supplies for medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall carry out the Medical Surgical Prime Vendor program, or successor program, in a manner that— (1) requires the Secretary to award contracts to multiple regional prime vendors instead of a single nationwide prime vendor; and (2) prohibits a prime vendor from solely designing the formulary of such supplies. (b) CLINICALLY DRIVEN SOURCING .— (1) EXPERTISE .—In carrying out the formulary of supplies under the Medical Surgical Prime Vendor program, or successor program, the Secretary shall ensure that each employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs who conducts formulary analyses or makes decisions with respect to including items on the formulary has medical expertise relevant to the items for which the employee conducts such analyses or makes such decisions. (2) LISTS.—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every six months thereafter with respect to any updates, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate a list of each employee described in paragraph (1) and the relevant medical expertise of the employee, listed by the categories of items in the formulary described in such paragraph. 
SEC. 704. REPORT ON EXPANDING ACCESS TO DENTAL CARE FOR VETERANS ELIGIBLE FOR HEALTH CARE FROM THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 360 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the feasibility and advisability of expanding access to dental care for eligible veterans. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An analysis of access to dental care for eligible veterans outside of the Department, including— (A) the percentage of eligible veterans currently enrolled in dental insurance through a thirdparty payer, including— (i) the dental insurance plan for veterans and survivors and dependents of veterans under section 1712C of title 38, United States Code; (ii) the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.); and (iii) employersponsored dental insurance; (B) the affordability of dental insurance described in subparagraph (A); and (C) the comprehensiveness of benefits of dental insurance described in subparagraph (A). (2) An analysis of the current oral health needs of eligible veterans, including an estimate of the number of eligible veterans who— (A) experience untreated cavities or decay; (B) require dentures, implants, or other restorative dental services; or (C) have not received regular dental cleanings within the twoyear period preceding the report. (3) An analysis of the financial impact to the Department of Veterans Affairs of providing dental care to eligible veterans, including— (A) whether the provision of such services would result in a reduction in total health care costs; (B) a costbenefit analysis that indicates potential cost savings to the Department over a 5, 10, and 20year period; and (C) projected cost savings to the Department and across the broader health care system. (4) An analysis of the number and types of dental providers necessary to treat eligible veterans, including— (A) dentists; (B) hygienists; (C) dental technicians; and (D) dental therapists. (c) CATEGORIES OF ELIGIBLE VETERANS .— The report required by subsection (a) shall be disaggregated by each of the following categories of eligible veterans: (1) Veterans enrolled in the system of annual patient enrollment of the Department pursuant to the priority group under subsection (a)(6) of section 1705 of such title. (2) Veterans enrolled in such system pursuant to the priority group under subsection (a)(5) of such section. (3) Veterans enrolled in such system pursuant to a priority group under any of subsections (a)(1) through (a)(4) of such section. (4) Veterans enrolled in such system pursuant to a priority group under subsection (a)(7) or (a)(8) of such section. (d) ELIGIBLE VETERANS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘eligible veterans’’ means veterans enrolled in the system of annual patient enrollment of the Department of Veterans Affairs established and operated under section 1705 of title 38, United States Code. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P OE of Texas). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2248, as amended, the Veterans Benefits and Transition Act of 2018. This legislation is a prenegotiated, bipartisan package of bills that we have worked out with the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. The amended version of the bill contains 23 sections, many of which originated in the 80plus veterans bills that the House passed in the 115th Congress. Though S. 2248, as amended, reflects just a fraction of our collective efforts, as we were unable to come to an agreement with the Senate on several outstanding issues, it, nonetheless, contains many important provisions that we can all be pleased to support. For example, one provision of the bill would make schools ineligible for GI Bill tuition payments if they place penalties or burdens on students due to the Department of Veterans Affairs’ inability to pay the GI Bill payments to schools on time. This provision was championed by Vice Chairman BILIRAKIS , and I thank him for his advocacy. There are several provisions in the bill that make improvements to the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act that protect deployed servicemembers from commercial penalties, which they can occur as a result of their service. The bill also includes provisions that would improve burial benefits for servicemembers, veterans, and their families; expand eligibility for a successful homeless veteran job training program; authorize funding for VA construction projects; and provide critical oversight of government purchase cards and the development of VA’s new electronic health record. Mr. Speaker, before yielding back, I will take a moment to say that serving as chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee has been an immense honor to me, and I am grateful to all of those who put their trust and faith in me to fulfill this role for Congress. I thank a number of individuals who have been instrumental in this committee’s success during the 115th Congress. First, I thank Ranking Member WALZ, the newly elected Governor of the very cold State of Minnesota; my subcommittee chairmen and ranking members; and the members of the committee. Without their continued hard work and involvement, none of this congressional success in the veterans area would have been realized. Many members on our committee had numerous other duties but never, ever neglected the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. I thank the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee chairman, Senator ISAKSON , and Ranking Member JONTESTER for their hard work, and I look forward to working with them in the next Congress. 
b1700 I am also grateful to the House leadership on both sides of the aisle, but particularly Speaker PAULRYAN, Leader MCCARTHY , Whip S TEVE SCALISE , and CATHY MCMORRIS RODGERS . Leadership support for this committee was unwavering and ensured that veterans’ matters received the time and attention they so richly deserve. Finally, I want to thank all Members of the House of Representatives who strive, day in and day out, to do right by America’s veterans. With Members’ support, we have helped enact landmark legislation this Congress, including: The VA MISSION Act, the Forever GI Bill, the VA Accountability Act, appeals reform, and many, many other smaller, yet impactful pieces of legislation which Americans, and especially veterans, can be proud of. The bipartisan nature of this committee is unique in Congress, and it is nothing less than what our veterans deserve. I look forward to serving as ranking Republican member of the committee next Congress and continuing our work with soontobe Chairman MARKTAKANO . I urge my colleagues to support S. 2248, as amended, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the House amendment to S. 2248, the Veterans Benefit and Transition Act of 2018. This bipartisan measure contains legislation championed by my House and Senate colleagues on both sides of the aisle and is a testament to the bipartisan relationships we cultivate and preserve on both the House and Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committees. I thank Chairman ROEand all members of the House and Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committees, both Democrats and Republicans, for their hard work putting together this legislative package that will improve the benefits and support our country owes America’s veterans. I want to specifically acknowledge my Democratic colleagues, Ranking Member WALZ, now Governorelect of Minnesota—and, yes, Chairman ROE, it is very cold there—Congressman SCOTT PETERS , Congressman C ORREA , Congresswoman PINGREE , Congressman HIMES, and Congresswoman B USTOS , who have made valuable contributions to this legislation. I would also like to take this time to thank Dr. ROEfor his leadership as chairman of this committee in this Congress. I look forward to working with Dr. ROEas ranking member of the 116th Congress so that we can continue to function as a productive committee in the 116th, free from partisan gridlock, on behalf of the veterans whom we represent. Now, as a former teacher—actually, a current teacher—and advocate for improving educational and training opportunities for veterans, I am pleased this legislation contains several provisions written by my colleagues that will improve the lives of our student veterans and those of our Gold Star spouses. This package also includes a provision that helps our reservists and National Guard members access the valuable help that the vocational rehabilitation program can provide. I would first like to highlight legislation written by Mr. PETERS , our colleague on this committee. This measure contains his bill, H.R. 5538, that would provide parity to our National Guard and Reserve servicemembers involuntarily mobilized to Active Duty under 12304b of title 10 in support of commands that conduct combat missions. As our country continues to utilize our Guard and Reserve members as an operational reserve force, it is critically important that we modernize our statutes to treat our Guard and Reserve members who have served shoulder to shoulder with ActiveDuty servicemembers on multiple deployments with parity while they serve in uniform. This bill allows Guard and Reserve members to stop the clock on the 12 year limit to use vocational rehabilitation programs while they are supporting active combat missions. Currently, the clock is stopped for most other instances in which National Guard and Reserve are mobilized, but this particular authority was overlooked. This is an important fix because the Department of Defense continues to increase the use of its 12304b authority. With this provision, Congress has the authority to be proactive in addressing the needs of our servicemembers. Now, let me turn to Congressman HIMES’ bill, H.R. 3634, the Securing Electronic Records for Veterans’ Ease Act of 2017. It is included in this measure as well. For student veterans, the VA does not currently provide sufficient information about the exact amount of housing stipend that a beneficiary will receive under the GI Bill benefits; but many veterans rely on their housing stipend to pay for housing while they are attending school, making it necessary for them to show proof of their housing allowance as proof of income. Without this proof of income, veterans often find themselves unable to secure housing before the start of school. Now, this is a commonsense piece of documentation that VA can electronically provide to allow our veterans to easily use their earned benefits, and I am pleased this great idea by Congressman HIMES was included in this package. Congresswoman BUSTOS ’ legislation, H.R. 5882, the Gold Star Spouses Leasing Relief Act, would allow the spouse of a deceased servicemember to terminate a housing lease following the death of his or her loved one. Servicemembers and their families are often stationed far from home due to the needs of the service. In the sad and difficult time after the passing of a servicemember, spouses should not be locked into a rental lease far away from their home and support network and face an additional financial burden to return home. This small detail can make life a lot easier for a grieving spouse, and I am pleased to see my colleague’s bill included in this package. Congressman LOUCORREA , our colleague on this committee, introduced H.R. 4335, the Servicemember Family Burial Act, which makes permanent VA’s practice of providing burials and headstones for the family of servicemembers who predecease them. When an ActiveDuty servicemember loses a spouse or a child, it is always in tragic and difficult circumstances. VA should continue to seamlessly provide this benefit with dignity, sensitivity, and compassion. I want to thank Congressman CORREA  for sponsoring this legislation, and I am pleased to see it included in this measure. I also wish to highlight legislation written by Congresswoman PINGREE , the Veterans Fair Debt Notice Act of 2017, which is included in this legislative package. The American Legion, the Disabled American Veterans, the Paralyzed Veterans of America, the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors, and the Veterans of Foreign Wars testified before our committee that the debt collection letters VA sends veterans are confusing, do not clearly explain the reason for the debt or clearly describe the steps a veteran must take to dispute or mitigate the debt. This legislation would require VA to explain the reason the veteran incurred a debt in plain language and clearly explain the steps they can take to dispute or repay the debt. It would also require VA to give veterans the option to optin to electronic notification and require VA to determine the number of veterans who are not receiving debt notification letters due to incorrect addresses on file, which prevents veterans from taking action because they have not been notified. This legislation forces VA to make these changes within 90 days of enactment. Finally, I wish to thank my good friend, Ranking Member TIMWALZ, for his leadership on this committee during the 115th Congress. The Governor elect of Minnesota leaves the United States House of Representatives with a legacy of bipartisan legislative accomplishments that will undoubtedly improve the lives of veterans for years to come. I want to thank Chairman ROEand our Senate colleagues for including his bill, H.R. 4245, the Veterans’ Electronic Health Record Modernization Oversight Act of 2017, in this measure, enabling this committee to continue its oversight of the $16 billion Electronic Health Record Modernization, or EHRM, program over the next 10 years. 
Mr. Speaker, I say to the gentleman, Chairman ROE, we are going to do intensive oversight of this project; I guarantee you that. This legislation requires the VA to submit contract, technical, and other documents to Congress and to provide updated documents on a quarterly basis. The legislation also requires VA to notify Congress about program challenges, including incidents affecting patient safety, cost overruns over $1 million, and a milestone delay of 30 days or more, bid protests, or a data or privacy breach. Now, we know that we will likely need to expand these reporting requirements in the future to include other contract and technical documents as the program matures and additional technical capabilities are achieved. I look forward to working with my colleagues in the next Congress to ensure that we maintain close oversight of this program and hold VA accountable, if necessary. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the House amendment to S. 2248, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), vice chair of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee and one of the most fierce advocates for our veterans in this Congress. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the House amendment to S. 2248, the Veterans Benefit and Transition Act. I am proud of the work Chairman ROEand the rest of our committee did to pass the multiple historic pieces of legislation over the course of this Congress, including the Forever GI Bill and the VA MISSION Act. Despite all the progress we have made, there is still more work to be done. I look forward to working on these issues for our heroes. This legislative package contains many commonsense, zerocost bills we passed in the House over the past year but have stalled in the Senate. But I know there is an agreement in the Senate, and we are going to get this done before the end of the year. I am especially proud that this package contains a provision that includes my bill, H.R. 4830, the SITREP Act, which will hold student veterans harmless from bureaucratic red tape and delays at higher education institutions and at the VA. This legislation prevents educational institutions from imposing a fee on student veterans or denying their access to education when tuition payments are delayed by bureaucracy, no fault of the veteran. In our subcommittee hearings on the implementation of the Forever GI Bill, we heard many concerns about delays and processing of tuition payments between schools and the VA. I also had roundtables in my district and heard the same concerns, Mr. Speaker. This fall semester, IT failures and delay at the VA led to an artificially created backlog, adding a significant amount of stress to our heroes who rely on their monthly stipends and tuition benefits. In some cases, delays meant the schools putting a hold on a student’s account or forcing the student to begin payment of tuition and fees on a payment plan until they receive the money from the VA. It is unacceptable. We cannot allow this type of uncertainty for our Nation’s heroes, Mr. Speaker, and my SITREP bill protects these veterans from additional penalties from schools. It is not the veterans’ fault, and they should not be punished for the actions of others. It is as simple as that. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this commonsense, bipartisan legislative package which contains many additional provisions to help our veterans, such as a study on communitybased transition assistance programs, a report on the feasibility of expanding access to dental care for veterans at the VA, and the expansion of eligibility under the Homeless Veterans’ Reintegration Program. I hope the Senate takes this up quickly, and I know they will. I want them to pass the Veterans Benefit and Transition Act of 2018 so we can send it to the President’s desk before the year’s end. Mr. Speaker, the chairman did an outstanding job as chairman, and my friend Ranking Member WALZ did as well on behalf of our heroes. I thank Mr. TAKANO and congratulate him on being the next chairman of the committee. I look forward to working with him. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California has 10
1⁄2minutes remaining. b1715 Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CORREA ), my colleague, my good friend and fellow Californian, and member of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the House amendment to S. 2248. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROE for his service and leadership in the committee. I also thank Ranking Member WALZ, as well as the committee staff, for their efforts in this legislation and for including my bipartisan bill, the Servicemember Family Burial Act, as a provision of this larger bill. When the Department of Veterans Affairs provides burial and headstones or markers for eligible family members who predecease active servicemembers, it is always under very difficult situations. The loss of a spouse or a child is a very painful occurrence, and we want to make sure that the burial benefits and the whole process is as easy as possible for our Active Duty servicemembers during these very difficult times. This bill codifies existing current practice to ensure the VA’s process occurs with dignity, sensitivity, and compassion. In summary, this is a simple change that allows for the burial and provisions of headstones for eligible spouses and dependents of children of Active Duty servicemembers in a timely manner. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the inclusion of my legislation within the larger bill, which contains a range of notable measures aimed at assisting our Nation’s veterans. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this legislation. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BERGMAN ), my good friend, and chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigation, and a retired Marine Corps lieutenant general. Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROEand Chairman I SAKSON  for their leadership throughout the 115th Congress in a bipartisan, bicameral way for putting together one last package of veterans priority bills. To be able to sponsor any bill is a privilege, but to be able to sponsor a veteranrelated bill is both an honor and a privilege. I want to talk just very quickly about a couple of bills that I was proud to sponsor. The VA Purchase Card Misuse Mitigation Act: The VA has been able to use purchase cards for up to $10,000 using government cards. This act basically allows them to continue to do that, but also allows the Secretary of the VA to revoke purchase card approval authority from any employee who is found to be misusing that card. As chairman of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, transparency and accountability have been my priorities, and this bill will keep bad actors in check while making the VA more efficient. The second bill I was proud to sponsor is the MedicalSurgical Purchasing Stabilization Act. In pure and simple terms, going to a prime vendor program in medsurge purchasing was a good idea to control costs and increase patient outcomes. However, we need to ensure that the providers, the doctors and the nurses who are actually using those instruments in surgery or in the clinic, have a say in what is being purchased, because the goal is to provide outcomes for the veteran, and those healthcare providers know which instruments are the best to use. Lastly, the Veterans’ Electronic Health Record Modernization Act, which we have already talked about here, this is key to providing seamless care from the veterans beginning of their service to the end of their service. This is overdue, and it needs to be monitored, it needs to be assessed so that we, as the committee, in a bipartisan way can make it happen. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I am extremely proud of the bipartisan work 
and I am looking forward to the 116th Congress. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ), my good friend. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for yielding the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Veterans Benefit and Transition Act of 2018. Frankly, it is always a good feeling to be able to speak for commonsense legislation put together in a bipartisan fashion for the good of America’s veterans. In particular, I welcome the inclusion of section 504, the Veterans Fair Debt Notice Act. I introduced this last year in response to frustrations veterans have been experiencing with the VA’s debt management system. It incorporates some refinements made in the Senate companion bill introduced by Senator DEBFISCHER , which demonstrates the bipartisan nature of this effort. The legislation improves the way that veterans are notified about debts that they may owe from the VA benefits program. Because of the VA’s failure to notify or due to confusingly worded letters or letters that actually just never reach the vet, many veterans in Maine and elsewhere are shocked to learn that they owe debts, and for many, they have missed the deadlines to dispute or seek forgiveness for the alleged debt. This bill directs the VA to work with veterans service organizations to develop standard notification notices that are written in plain language that anyone can understand and it also allows veterans to receive notices electronically. To promote accountability, the bill requires the VA to report to Congress on the new standard and on the VA’s efforts to reduce the number of errors in its debt notification system. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROE and Ranking Member WALZ for their work in support, and I urge passage. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ), my good friend, who currently serves and has served on the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee as the Health Subcommittee chair. He also serves on the House Armed Services Committee, Intel Committee, and is a colonel in the reserves. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation, the Veterans Benefits and Transition Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROE and Ranking Member WALZand all the members of the committee and staff who work so hard on behalf of our veterans. I would like to congratulate Mr. TAKANO as chairmanelect. This legislation we are talking about today includes reforms to ensure America’s heroes receive the benefits and recognition that they so richly deserve. It includes several provisions that I was honored to support during my time on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, including updates to our educational assistance programs at the Department of Veterans Affairs and additional emphasis on transition services provided to our servicemembers. That one is very near and dear to me. Importantly, it includes provisions to help the most vulnerable in the veteran community. It includes the Homeless Veterans Reintegration Program’s Reauthorization Act, which is a bipartisan bill I introduced with Congresswoman BROWNLEY . This legislation ensures those eligible for the Department of Housing and Urban Development’s Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing Program and other housing assistance programs are also eligible for the Homeless Veterans Reintegration Program. By prioritizing the reintegration of homeless and recently homeless veterans, we will empower our veterans to reenter the workforce and help them regain selfsufficiency. This legislation also includes the Gold Star Spouses Leasing Relief Act, which I introduced along with Congresswoman BUSTOS . It recognizes that after the loss of a military spouse, Gold Star families may need flexibility to relocate to fit their family’s needs. It would help spouses like Cindy Southern, a native of Portsmouth, Ohio, in my district. Cindy lost her husband while he was serving in the Navy overseas during Operation Desert Storm. As she grieved, all she wanted to do was move home, but she had signed a oneyear lease on a home in North Carolina. Her landlords refused to waive her lease without massive termination fees. This bill would ensure Gold Star families are not trapped into a jointlyheld residential lease after the death of a servicemember. Mr. Speaker, our veterans have given so much to our Nation. This legislation before us today makes sure we provide the benefits they deserve, properly support their families, and prepare them for success in civilian life. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES), my good friend and also a member of the House Intelligence Committee. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, and I want to start by thanking Mr. TAKANO , Governor elect WALZ, and Dr. R OEfor their work on this bill. As I have sat here and listened to not so much a debate, but a celebration of the bipartisan work that was done to create this bill, including so many things that I know will assist our veterans, it is great to see the parties working together as we close out this Congress. Mr. TAKANO was very kind in saying that the SERVE Act, which is included in this legislation, was my idea. It wasn’t actually my idea. It was better than that, because it grew out of a conversation I had with a retired marine at Sacred Heart University in Fairfield, Connecticut, in which I simply asked Nicholas Quinzi of the Marine Corps, ‘‘What can we do to make your life a little easier?’’ And he said, ‘‘You know, the problem I have, like so many of my fellow veterans, I have post9/11 GI Bill benefits, but there is no way for me, when I go to a landlord to rent an apartment to be here at school, there is no way for me to verify that income, and as a result, I have had a rough time getting housing even though I have got this stipend from the Federal Government which comes to me as a result of my service.’’ So there it was: a problem with an easy solution. The SERVE Act, which is now incorporated into the amendment to S. 2248 will simply require the VA to provide proof of that stipend so that landlords and other housing organizations can see that our veterans have a steady source of income to help them pay that rent. It is a small thing, but it is something that matters an awful lot to Nicholas Quinzi and the roughly 1.1 million other veterans who are getting this kind of benefit. So this is an example of what happens when you listen to your constituents. It wasn’t my idea, but I am just so thrilled that Republicans and Democrats were able to come together around this small, good thing for a lot of young veterans who are postservice, trying to get educated, trying to get the kind of tools they will need to succeed. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. ROEfor his hard work. I thank TIMWALZand wish him well as he goes off to other things. And to Chairmanelect TAKANO , I thank him for his good work on this bill. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ), my good friend and fellow member of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. ROEfor his leadership. Mr. Speaker, my legislation included in this package gives all military spouses, regardless of which State they married in, the choice to establish the same State of residency as the servicemember for both voting and tax purposes. As the proud representative of Fort Drum and the Navy nuclear site at Kesselring, I understand the challenges military families face and the sacrifices these families make to help protect our Nation and safeguard our freedoms. Military families are constantly relocating to meet the needs of the military. They sacrifice so much during these relocations, uprooting their lives and disrupting their families. This is often a very difficult and trying time, with the heaviest burden falling upon 
military spouses, who serve as a critical support system for their loved ones. Current law allows Active Duty servicemembers to maintain one State of legal residence for tax and voting purposes even when those servicemembers receive military orders requiring them to relocate, but this does not apply evenly to spouses. Spouses are forced to establish residency every time the servicemember receives a new assignment, adding additional stress to families as they manage these relocations and seek new employment. My legislation, the Military Residency Choice Act, fixes this inconsistency to better ease these trying transitions. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. ROEfor his leadership, Ranking Member WALZ, as well as Chairmanelect TAKANO . Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill on a bipartisan basis. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I want to urge all my colleagues to join me in passing this important legislation, S. 2248. I want to announce my intention to work with Mr. ROE, my colleague from Tennessee, in the next Congress, that we will preserve the sacred bipartisan space that we have here for America’s veterans in the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. We have so much more to do, and I hope it lays the groundwork for this Congress to continue to heal and reach out to each other and serve America as well as our veterans. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1730 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, too, want to encourage all Members to support S. 2248, as amended. As I close, I thank both the Republican and Democratic members of the committee and of the full House for the incredible work that they have done. This committee is an example of how Congress should work. We put our partisanship aside at the door and we think about one thing: what is good for America’s veterans and their families. You heard today how Members on both sides of the aisle have gone home and listened to their constituents and come back with great ideas. Often, the great ideas don’t emanate from here; they emanate from the citizens of this country. I thank them and the 20 million or so surviving veterans in this country for their incredible service. We will never get it all straight up here, but I can assure you that we are trying our very best to do what is right. I congratulate Mr. TAKANO in his elevation to the chairmanship. I know we have worked very closely together through the last several years—not just the last 2 years, but the last several years. He will do a great job as chairman, and I look forward to serving. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2248, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
RAY HENDRIX VETERANS CLINIC Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 3946) to name the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in Statesboro, Georgia, the ‘‘Ray Hendrix Veterans Clinic’’, with the Senate amendments thereto, and concur in the Senate amendments. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amendments. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendments: 
SECTION 1. NAME OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS COMMUNITYBASED OUTPATIENT CLINIC, STATESBORO, GEORGIA. 
The Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in Statesboro, Georgia, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Ray Hendrix Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic’’ or the ‘‘Ray Hendrix VA Clinic’’. Any reference to such clinic in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be considered to be a reference to the Ray Hendrix Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic. Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to name the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in Statesboro, Georgia, the Ray Hendrix Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic.’’. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 32 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. PAULSEN ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Energy and Commerce be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 7213) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SMUCKER ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 7213 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XIX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 591 et seq.) is amended— (1) in the title heading, by striking ‘‘ DO MESTIC NUCLEAR DETECTION OFFICE ’’ and inserting ‘‘COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION OFFICE’’; (2) by striking section 1901 and inserting the following: 
‘‘In this title: ‘‘(1) ASSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘Assistant Secretary’ means the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. ‘‘(2) INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term ‘intelligence community’ has the meaning given such term in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). ‘‘(3) OFFICE .—The term ‘Office’ means the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office established under section 1901(a). ‘‘(4) WEAPON OF MASS DESTRUCTION .—The term ‘weapon of mass destruction’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). ‘‘Subtitle A—Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department a Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. ‘‘(b) ASSISTANT SECRETARY .—The Office shall be headed by an Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, who shall be appointed by the President. ‘‘(c) RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Assistant Secretary shall serve as the Secretary’s principal advisor on— ‘‘(1) weapons of mass destruction matters and strategies; and ‘‘(2) coordinating the efforts of the Department to counter weapons of mass destruction. ‘‘(d) DETAILS .—The Secretary may request that the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of State, the Attorney General, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and the heads of other Federal agencies, including elements of the intelligence community, provide for the reimbursable detail of personnel with relevant expertise to the Office. ‘‘(e) TERMINATION .—The Office shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018.’’; (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle B—Mission of the Office 
‘‘The Office shall be responsible for coordinating with other Federal efforts and developing a strategy and policy for the Department to plan for, detect, and protect against the importation, possession, storage, transportation, development, or use of unauthorized chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear materials, devices, or agents in the United States and to protect against an attack using such materials, devices, or agents against the people, territory, or interests of the United States. 
‘‘SEC. 1922. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER DEPARTMENT COMPONENTS AND FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The authority of the Assistant Secretary under this title shall not affect or diminish the authority or the responsibility of any officer of the Department or any officer of any other Federal agency with respect to the command, control, or direction of the functions, personnel, funds, assets, or liabilities of any component of the Department or any other Federal agency. ‘‘(b) OFFICE FOR STRATEGY , POLICY , AND PLANS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018, the Assistant Secretary shall, in coordination with the Under Secretary for Strategy, Policy, and Plans, submit to the appropriate congressional committees a strategy and implementation plan to direct programs within the Office and to integrate those programs with other programs and activities of the Department. ‘‘(c) FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT  AGENCY .—Nothing in this title or any other provision of law may be construed to affect or reduce the responsibilities of the Federal Emergency Management Agency or the Administrator of the Agency, including the diversion of any asset, function, or mission of the Agency or the Administrator of the Agency.’’; (4) by striking section 1905; (5) by redesignating sections 1902, 1903, 1904, 1906, and 1907 as sections 1923, 1924, 1925, 1926, and 1927, respectively, and transferring such sections to appear after section 1922, as added by paragraph (3); (6) in section 1923, as redesignated— (A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘MISSION OF OFFICE ’’ and inserting ‘‘ RESPON SIBILITIES ’’; and (B) in subsection (a)(11), by striking ‘‘Domestic Nuclear Detection Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Office’’; (7) in section 1925, as redesignated, in subsection (a), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘section 1902’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1923’’; (8) in section 1926, as redesignated— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Director for Domestic Nuclear Detection’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘paragraphs (6) and (7) of section 1902(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1923’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘paragraphs (6) and (7) of section 1902(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1923’’; (9) in section 1927, as redesignated— (A) in subsection (a)(1)(C), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘Director of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’; and (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 1902’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1923’’; and (10) by inserting after section 1927, as redesignated, the following: 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, through the Assistant Secretary, shall establish a program, to be known as the ‘Securing the Cities’ or ‘STC’ program, to enhance the ability of the United States to detect and prevent terrorist attacks and other highconsequence events utilizing nuclear or other radiological materials that pose a high risk to homeland security in highrisk urban areas. ‘‘(b) ELEMENTS .—Through the STC program the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) assist State, local, Tribal, and territorial governments in designing and implementing, or enhancing existing, architectures for coordinated and integrated detection and interdiction of nuclear or other radiological materials that are out of regulatory control; ‘‘(2) support the development of an operating capability to detect and report on nuclear and other radiological materials out of regulatory control; ‘‘(3) provide resources to enhance detection, analysis, communication, and coordination to better integrate State, local, Tribal, and territorial assets into Federal operations; ‘‘(4) facilitate alarm adjudication and provide subject matter expertise and technical assistance on concepts of operations, training, exercises, and alarm response protocols; ‘‘(5) communicate with, and promote sharing of information about the presence or detection of nuclear or other radiological materials among appropriate Federal, State, local, Tribal, and territorial government agencies, in a manner that ensures transparency with the jurisdictions designated under subsection (c); ‘‘(6) provide augmenting resources, as appropriate, to enable State, local, Tribal, and 
territorial governments to sustain and refresh their capabilities developed under the STC program; ‘‘(7) monitor expenditures under the STC program and track performance in meeting the goals of the STC program; and ‘‘(8) provide any other assistance the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(c) DESIGNATION OF JURISDICTIONS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—In carrying out the STC program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall designate jurisdictions from among highrisk urban areas under section 2003. ‘‘(2) CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall notify the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate not later than 3 days before the designation of a new jurisdiction under paragraph (1) or any change to a jurisdiction previously designated under that paragraph. ‘‘(d) ACCOUNTABILITY .— ‘‘(1) IMPLEMENTATION PLAN .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall develop, in consultation with relevant stakeholders, an implementation plan for carrying out the STC program that includes— ‘‘(i) a discussion of the goals of the STC program and a strategy to achieve those goals; ‘‘(ii) performance metrics and milestones for the STC program; ‘‘(iii) measures for achieving and sustaining capabilities under the STC program; and ‘‘(iv) costs associated with achieving the goals of the STC program. ‘‘(B) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and the Comptroller General of the United States the implementation plan required by subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the submission of the implementation plan under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and the Comptroller General a report that includes— ‘‘(A) an assessment of the effectiveness of the STC program, based on the performance metrics and milestones required by paragraph (1)(A)(ii); and ‘‘(B) proposals for any changes to the STC program, including an explanation of how those changes align with the strategy and goals of the STC program and, as appropriate, address any challenges faced by the STC program. ‘‘(3) COMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than 18 months after the submission of the report required by paragraph (2), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report evaluating the implementation plan required by paragraph (1) and the report required by paragraph (2), including an assessment of progress made with respect to the performance metrics and milestones required by paragraph (1)(A)(ii) and the sustainment of the capabilities of the STC program. ‘‘(4) BRIEFING AND SUBMISSION REQUIRE MENTS .—Before making any changes to the structure or requirements of the STC program, the Assistant Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) consult with the appropriate congressional committees; and ‘‘(B) provide to those committees— ‘‘(i) a briefing on the proposed changes, including a justification for the changes; ‘‘(ii) documentation relating to the changes, including plans, strategies, and resources to implement the changes; and ‘‘(iii) an assessment of the effect of the changes on the capabilities of the STC program, taking into consideration previous resource allocations and stakeholder input.’’. (b) REFERENCES AND CONSTRUCTION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Any reference in any law, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to— (A) the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office shall be deemed to be a reference to the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office; and (B) the Director for Domestic Nuclear Detection shall be deemed to be a reference to the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. (2) CONSTRUCTION .—Sections 1923 through 1927 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as redesignated by subsection (a), shall be construed to cover the chemical and biological responsibilities of the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. (3) AUTHORITY .—The authority of the Director of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office to make grants or enter into cooperative agreements is transferred to the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, and such authority shall be construed to include grants for all purposes of title XIX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this Act. (c) CHIEF MEDICAL OFFICER .— (1) REPEAL .—Title V of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.) is amended by striking section 516. (2) AMENDMENT .—Title XIX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 591 et seq.), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle C—Chief Medical Officer 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is in the Office a Chief Medical Officer, who shall be appointed by the President. The Chief Medical Officer shall report to the Assistant Secretary. ‘‘(b) QUALIFICATIONS .—The individual appointed as Chief Medical Officer shall be a licensed physician possessing a demonstrated ability in and knowledge of medicine and public health. ‘‘(c) RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Chief Medical Officer shall have the responsibility within the Department for medical issues related to natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and other manmade disasters, including— ‘‘(1) serving as the principal advisor on medical and public health issues to the Secretary, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Assistant Secretary, and other Department officials; ‘‘(2) providing operational medical support to all components of the Department; ‘‘(3) as appropriate, providing medical liaisons to the components of the Department, on a reimbursable basis, to provide subject matter expertise on operational medical issues; ‘‘(4) coordinating with Federal, State, local, and Tribal governments, the medical community, and others within and outside the Department, including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response of the Department of Health and Human Services, with respect to medical and public health matters; and ‘‘(5) performing such other duties relating to such responsibilities as the Secretary may require.’’. (3) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by striking the item relating to section 516. (d) WORKFORCE HEALTH AND MEDICAL SUPPORT .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Management shall be responsible for workforcefocused health and medical activities of the Department. The Under Secretary for Management may further delegate responsibility for those activities, as appropriate. ‘‘(b) RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Under Secretary for Management, in coordination with the Chief Medical Officer, shall— ‘‘(1) provide oversight and coordinate the medical and health activities of the Department for the human and animal personnel of the Department; ‘‘(2) establish medical, health, veterinary, and occupational health exposure policy, guidance, strategies, and initiatives for the human and animal personnel of the Department; ‘‘(3) as deemed appropriate by the Under Secretary, provide medical liaisons to the components of the Department, on a reimbursable basis, to provide subject matter expertise on occupational medical and public health issues; ‘‘(4) serve as the primary representative for the Department on agreements regarding the detail of Commissioned Corps officers of the Public Health Service of the Department of Health and Human Services to the Department, except that components of the Department shall retain authority for funding, determination of specific duties, and supervision of such detailed Commissioned Corps officers; and ‘‘(5) perform such other duties relating to the responsibilities described in this subsection as the Secretary may require.’’. (e) TRANSFERS ; ABOLISHMENT .— (1) TRANSFERS .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall transfer to— (A) the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office all functions, personnel, budget authority, and assets of— (i) the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office, as in existence on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act; and (ii) the Office of Health Affairs, as in existence on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, except for the functions, personnel, budget authority, and assets of such office necessary to perform the functions specified in section 710 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (relating to workforce health and medical support), as added by this Act; and (B) the Management Directorate of the Department of Homeland Security all functions, personnel, budget authority, and assets of the Office of Health Affairs, as in existence on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, that are necessary to perform the functions of such section 710. (2) ABOLISHMENT .—Upon completion of all transfers pursuant to paragraph (1)— (A) the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office of the Department of Homeland Security and the Office of Health Affairs of the Department of Homeland Security are abolished; and (B) the positions of Assistant Secretary for Health Affairs and Director for Domestic Nuclear Detection are abolished. (f) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) OTHER OFFICERS .—Paragraph (4) of section 103(d) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘A Director for Domestic Nuclear Detection’’ and inserting ‘‘An Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office’’. 
CENTER .—Section 316(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 195b(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Secretary shall’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, shall’’. (3) INTERNATIONAL COOPERATION .—Section 317(f) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 195c(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Chief Medical Officer,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office,’’. (4) FUNCTIONS TRANSFERRED .—Section 505(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 315(b)) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (4); (B) by redesignating paragraph (5) as paragraph (4); and (C) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘through (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘through (3)’’. (5) COORDINATION OF DEPARTMENT OF HOME LAND SECURITY EFFORTS RELATED TO FOOD , 
AGAINST TERRORISM .—Section 528(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 321q(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Health Affairs,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office,’’. (g) DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  CHEMICAL , B IOLOGICAL , R ADIOLOGICAL , AND NUCLEAR ACTIVITIES .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide a briefing and report to the appropriate congressional committees (as defined in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101)) on— (1) the organization and management of the chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear activities of the Department of Homeland Security, including research and development activities, and the location of each activity under the organizational structure of the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office; (2) a comprehensive inventory of chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear activities, including research and development activities, of the Department of Homeland Security, highlighting areas of collaboration between components, coordination with other agencies, and the effectiveness and accomplishments of consolidated chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear activities of the Department of Homeland Security, including research and development activities; (3) information relating to how the organizational structure of the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office will enhance the development of chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear priorities and capabilities across the Department of Homeland Security; (4) a discussion of any resulting cost savings and efficiencies gained through activities described in paragraphs (1) and (2); (5) information on how the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office is coordinating with the Under Secretary of Science and Technology of the Department of Homeland Security on research and development activities; and (6) recommendations for any necessary statutory changes, or, if no statutory changes are necessary, an explanation of why no statutory or organizational changes are necessary. (h) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to section 516; (2) inserting after the item relating to section 709 the following: ‘‘Sec. 710. Workforce health and medical support.’’; and (3) by striking the items relating to title XIX (including items relating to section 1901 through section 1907) and inserting the following: ‘‘TITLE XIX—COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION OFFICE ‘‘Sec. 1900. Definitions. ‘‘Subtitle A—Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office ‘‘Sec. 1901. Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. ‘‘Subtitle B—Mission of the Office ‘‘Sec. 1921. Mission of the Office. ‘‘Sec. 1922. Relationship to other Department components and Federal agencies. ‘‘Sec. 1923. Responsibilities. ‘‘Sec. 1924. Hiring authority. ‘‘Sec. 1925. Testing authority. ‘‘Sec. 1926. Contracting and grant making authorities. ‘‘Sec. 1927. Joint annual interagency review of global nuclear detection architecture. ‘‘Sec. 1928. Securing the Cities program. ‘‘Subtitle C—Chief Medical Officer ‘‘Sec. 1931. Chief Medical Officer.’’. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERMISSION TO PLACE INTO THE RECORD AN EXCHANGE OF LETTERS ON H.R. 7213 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to include in the RECORD an exchange of letters between the chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security on the bill, H.R. 7213. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD the exchange of letters. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, December 10, 2018. Hon. GREGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On December 3, 2018, the H.R. 7213—Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018 was introduced. This bill was additionally referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Since similar language passed the House of Representatives by voice vote earlier this year, I ask that you allow the Committee on Energy and Commerce to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Energy and Commerce represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and your response in the Congressional Record. Thank you for consideration of my request, and I look forward to further opportunities to work with you the remainder of this Congress. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, December 10, 2018. Hon. MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: Thank you for your letter concerning H.R. 7213, Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018. I agree to allow the Committee on Energy and Commerce to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 7213 so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader, and I thank you for your assurance that this discharge in no way affects the Committee’s jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I appreciate your support for the Committee to be represented on the conference. Sincerely, GREGWALDEN , Chairman. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF CONGRESSMAN MAC COLLINS (Mr. FERGUSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Congressman Mac Collins. Mac represented the good people of Georgia’s Third District, including myself, in this Chamber for a decade. He was a real champion for the working men and women of America, and his life was an example of the American Dream. He started with nothing and built an amazing business and a wonderful life for his family. In 1964, Mac enlisted in the Georgia Army National Guard and, like so many brave men and women before him, he donned the uniform to defend the freedoms we hold so dear. From there, Mac went on to serve Georgians at the local and State level before coming to Washington to represent the Third District of Georgia. After this lifetime of service, Mac passed away shortly before Thanksgiving at the age of 74. As we reflect on Congressman Mac Collins’ life and mourn his passing, let us strive to follow his example and honor a lifetime of public service. He lived the scripture, Luke 22:26: ‘‘The greatest among you should be like the youngest, and the one who rules like the one who serves.’’ 
CYBERSECURITY EDUCATION INTEGRATION (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise with my good friend and fellow co chair of the Congressional Career and 
Technical Education Caucus, Mr. THOMPSON , to introduce the Cybersecurity Education Integration Act, a bill to develop CTE programs that include cybersecurity education. Whether in our hospitals or our power grid, systems that make up our critical infrastructure are increasingly internetenabled. These connections undoubtedly increase efficiency and service quality but, unfortunately, they also provide pathways for cyber intruders to wreak havoc. Mr. Speaker, we need to provide training for workers who deal with these systems on a daytoday basis, whether it is in the transportation, energy, or health sectors, so that they can keep us safe, so they can identify these cybersecurity vulnerabilities early on and prevent them, hopefully, from happening in the first place. Many CTE programs already have strong physical safety elements; however, cybersecurity is rarely included. We can’t think of this as an afterthought. It needs to be a forethought. By funding the creation of CTE programs that fully integrate cybersecurity into their coursework, we can ensure workers have the skills to protect our Nation’s infrastructure. I thank Representative THOMPSON for his partnership on this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support our bipartisan effort. 
CYBERSECURITY EDUCATION INTEGRATION (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7214, the Cybersecurity Education Integration Act. As cochair of the House Career and Technical Education Caucus, I am proud that we continue to provide the resources necessary to have a dominant and prosperous workforce. For instance, this past June, we reauthorized the Carl D. Perkins Act to advance career and technical Education. We must continue developing a 21st century workforce to meet the technical demands our country is facing now and in the future. That is why, together with my friend, Congressman LANGEVIN , we introduced a bill to help protect sensitive data and our critical infrastructure from bad actors. Our legislation directs the Department of Education to create a competitive grant program to integrate cybersecurity education into new and established CTE programs. With over 16 critical infrastructure sectors in our country, we must prepare our next generation of learners to have the most sophisticated and comprehensive educational programs to protect our Nation’s most dire assets, systems, and networks. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill and thank Mr. LANGEVIN for his work and leadership on this issue. HONORING PROFESSOR JOHN KEENE FOR THE MACARTHUR GENIUS GRANT (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor John Keene, a Jersey City resident and chair of the Department of African American and African Studies at RutgersNewark. Last month, Professor Keene was awarded the $625,000 MacArthur Foundation Genius Grant. Professor Keene is one of only 25 people to receive the award this year. He is a groundbreaking author who has studied, taught, and written about the intersection of race, society, and the human experience. Professor Keene’s work has inspired his students, and his community, and myself. I am so proud of Professor Keene and all of RutgersNewark for keeping our city and my district at the top of the academic field. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Professor Keene, and I leave you with his words: The most important thing is to read as much as you can, work on your writing, to try to engage in our community with people who you can share your work with and learn from. f 
RECOGNIZING THOMAS P. SHEEHY (Mr. ROYCE of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of Tom Sheehy, staff director of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize years of outstanding service by Tom Sheehy, staff director of the Foreign Affairs committee that I chair. Tom has been working on the committee for over twenty years, serving as a staff director for two subcommittees—one being Africa, where together we greatly improved U.S. Africa policy. During the last six years, Tom has expertly run the committee, advancing my agenda during challenging times. Tom is known as a hard worker who takes a strong interest in the wellbeing of his staff and is a problem solver. A firstrate communicator who helps other staffers to improve their skills, he has created a wellcoordinated team of topflight professionals. The Foreign Affairs Committee staff is widelyknown and wellrespected as a result. Tom takes great pride in the committee’s good reputation. The committee has been extremely productive. We have turned over 60 bills into public laws, including sanctions, development, and export control legislation. This has required Tom’s high level of commitment, knowledge, and negotiation skills; and his empowerment of our excellent committee staff. Under his direction, we have held hearings and performed oversight on almost every issue of importance to our foreign policy. Nearly all of our committee work has been bipartisan. Not because we don’t differ over policy. But because we understand that we almost always have more in common than not. Our nation deserves this cooperation and effectiveness, and Tom has directed our many, many bipartisan accomplishments. Tom will be missed by many in Congress, but he surely will continue contributing to our nation’s security and prosperity. Tom, congratulations on your career in the House. I am grateful for your service, and wish your family—wife Elizabeth, and children Emma, T.R. and Jackson—the very best. f 
HONORING CAPTAIN ANDREA KAMAN (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, today I proudly recognize and honor a true public servant, Captain Andrea Kaman, of the United States Army. Soon, Andrea will transition from her Army Congressional Fellow assignment to continue service as an Army Human Resources Officer. In 2016, the people of Ohio’s Ninth District were rewarded when Andrea joined our team as my first Defense Fellow. On behalf of a grateful Nation, it is my honor to recognize her selfless service and sacrifice, and that of her family, too, her husband, Drew, and children, Elle and Jack. I wish her well in her journey with the United States Army. And the type of commitment that her life represents is necessary for our Nation today as much as it ever was. Today, in my own State of Ohio, the FBI arrested two individuals suspected of plotting to kill a rabbi and Jewish worshippers in our region. Let me express to the FBI—which has been getting some criticism by members of the executive branch—and local Toledo Police Division Officers, and other law enforcement officials, deepest gratitude for their professionalism and dedication to duty, to protect and defend the American people against all enemies, foreign and domestic. Today, in Ohio, the FBI’s motto of ‘‘Fidelity, Bravery, and Integrity’’ was demonstrated again, backed by the brave blue line of the Toledo Police Division. This Member of Congress says: I salute you. Thank you on behalf of the people of our region and the American people. God bless you. b1915 UNSAFE AND UNHEALTHY SITUATION ALONG SOUTHWEST BORDER (Mr. POLIQUIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, Americans are alarmed by the unsafe and unhealthy situation along the Southwest border. A caravan of thousands and thousands of Central Americans has made its way through Mexico to 
camp just on the other side of the border fence in Texas. Now, my heart, Mr. Speaker, goes out to these people, but we cannot let them be allowed to overwhelm our border and to enter our country illegally. These individuals, Mr. Speaker, have been offered asylum and work permits by Mexico, but they have refused. Homeland Security has confirmed that 600 known criminals are among those in the encampment, and beyond that, we simply do not know, Mr. Speaker, who these people are. This dangerous situation is going to get only worse, unless it is addressed. That is why, Mr. Speaker, I have connected with almost every one of our 235 Republican Members in the House, asking them to join me to solve this national security and immigration problem. There is overwhelming support, Mr. Speaker, to do so, and I will bring this up tomorrow at conference, along with lots of other Republicans. The primary responsibility of Congress is to protect our families, Mr. Speaker. This is our last chance as Republicans in the majority to fix this mess. Otherwise, next year, the Democrat majority has signaled they will push for open borders and amnesty legislation. This is our last chance as Republicans in the majority to get this right. 
HONORING SHALYNNE VILELA (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to share the story of Shalynne Vilela, the loving daughter of Amy and David Vilela. At just 22 years old, Shalynne was a smart, ambitious, and dedicated young woman who loved her family. She was working hard to become a registered nurse. In 2015, Shalynne was admitted to the ER with symptoms of deep vein thrombosis, a highly treatable condition, if treated in time. Upon arrival to the ER, Shalynne told the hospital staff that she did not have insurance, and she was advised to leave the hospital without being given proper care. Three weeks later, Shalynne died of a pulmonary embolism caused by a blood clot that originated in her leg. It is unacceptable that, in one of the richest and most powerful countries in the world, a tragedy like this can still occur. Everyone in the United States of America should have access to quality and affordable health insurance. Access to healthcare is a basic human right, and no one should ever be denied medical care because of their inability to pay. This is why, Mr. Speaker, I have recently pledged my support to the Medicare for All Act, which provides universal coverage to all those living in the United States of America. My deepest condolences go out to the Vilela family. And, Shalynne, this one is for you. f 
LET’S HELP OUR COLLEGE STUDENTS SUCCEED (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, many of us will see this as the holiday season, but many of us know that our young college students will be finishing their first semester of whatever year they are in college. As I was home this season greeting my constituents, one very dedicated constituent came to me and said: What are we doing about helping students get rid of this enormous burden of debt, trying to become a contributing citizen to this country? I made a commitment to him that we would work together to reduce the interest rates on student government loans, to look forward to providing access to education to all Americans. I believe, as students finish their first semester, looking to their second, some of them graduating, that we do have a responsibility to make sure that education is reasonable, accessible, and not the enormous burden that it is. Let’s help our college students. Let’s help them succeed. I look forward to doing that. 
HONORING PRESIDENT GEORGE HERBERT WALKER BUSH The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the topic of this very Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, few Americans will ever rival the depth and the breadth of the service to our Nation exhibited by George Herbert Walker Bush. Today, I join the Bush family, my colleagues, fellow Texans, and a grateful Nation in remembering and honoring the life of President George H.W. Bush. He was a courageous war hero, a key member of the Committee on Ways and Means while he was here in Congress, Ambassador, Director of the CIA, Vice President, and the President of the United States. That is a remarkable and historical level of service to America, but I still think his favorite title was that of husband to his beloved Bar, and I believe his greatest accomplishment was in raising children and grandchildren who serve their Nation with dedication and patriotism. I believe our country and our State can agree that we have lost a man of honor and character, who leaves a legacy of love and service to his Nation and family. So, today, we all want to share with you a little bit about our relationship with the beloved President Bush. I consider myself a proud part of the Bush legacy. On the Ways and Means Committee, I hold the seat that was previously held by President Bush, then a Member of Congress, and Bill Archer of Houston, later the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee from Texas. I am truly blessed to be part of a legacy on this committee that has achieved so much. As a matter of fact, my interest in major issues from trade to tax reform to healthcare is due in large part to President Bush. After I became elected to Congress, I spent a lot of time visiting President Bush and Secretary James Baker, asking their advice on these issues. In fact, one of the reasons I have been involved in 12 of the 14 American free trade agreements and led the Central American Free Trade Agreement was directly because of my discussions with President Bush and Secretary Baker. President Bush was incredibly supportive of me, both in my early campaigns for Congress and once I started serving. There was always an open door to talk about issues dealing in tax and trade, healthcare, welfare, Social Security, and Medicare. I always knew I had someone I could lean on for sage advice. Because I used to represent College Station, I had the pleasure of being in office when President Bush’s library was opened at A&M, and I worked closely with the foundation for the 8 years I represented it. The library is remarkable, but it goes way beyond the bricks and mortar. It is a tangible reminder of the impact President Bush had on College Station and the State of Texas. The library brought world leaders to College Station, allowed young men and women from the small towns in Texas to interact with President Bush as well as United States and world leaders on a oneonone, close, personal level. That incredible legacy for those young people will last for ages to come. I will finish with this. One of my favorite moments with President Bush came just after I was named Ways and Means chairman. President Bush’s office reached out and said the President wanted me to come down to his office in Houston and visit about Ways and Means issues, so, you can imagine, I was thrilled about it. So I went to his office, and my staff really urged me to take a pair of crazy socks to present to President Bush, because he loved them; he wore them; he 
had a lot of fun with them. I decided, instead, to bring one of three specially made Ways and Means ties that we had just created. I brought that to the President, and he seemed thrilled, but it was Barbara who was most excited. When I presented the tie, she exclaimed: Thank God. No more socks, please. I will finish, too, with this. Finally, every Veterans Day and Memorial Day as I address our events in the Eighth Congressional District of Texas, I often conclude with my most memorable quote from President Bush. It is a quote that is emblazoned in the library in College Station in letters 10 feet tall, where that Brazos Valley sun can catch it every day and afternoon on the library. The quote is this: ‘‘Let future generations understand the burden and the blessings of freedom. Let them say we stood where duty required us to stand.’’ That quote embodies President George H.W. Bush, and it is a call to us as well to stand where duty requires us to stand today in all things and in the future. Mr. Speaker, the next Member to speak will be the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ), a dear friend of President Bush for more than three decades, a partner and a colleague, and a huge admirer. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
HONORING PRESIDENT GEORGE HERBERT WALKER BUSH The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I am reminded of a time in Texas when we were at a breakfast, and we had two groups. We had a group that was very close to Jeb Bush, the Governor of Florida, and one that was close to George W. Bush. Mrs. Bush was our guest speaker, and she spoke. When she opened up for questions, one of the questions was: Mrs. Bush, a lot of us in here know Jeb better than George; we know George better than Jeb. How are they alike? How do they differ? Mrs. Bush said she had been blessed to have a great family, but she said these words: You could put all my boys together, and they would not equal their father. I thought that was powerful. On November 30, 2018, America lost a great servant, and I lost a great friend. President Bush epitomized everything wonderful about America, and like his country, he was tough, strong, and kind. Over the years, I was able to get to know the President and his family very well. My family and I had the opportunity to visit them in Kennebunkport many summers. Our days were spent playing basketball and sailing on the water, sharing and listening to President Bush’s stories until the sun went down. I remember one basketball game. My daughters were playing, and they didn’t have any tennis shoes. Mrs. Bush went and got her tennis shoes and gave them to my daughters. When they began to shoot, there were vines that had grown up on the basketball goal, and she made the President get hedge clippers and clip the vines down before the girls could shoot baskets. What a man he was. I am grateful for these priceless moments with President Bush that exist now only as memories, and great memories. In addition to traveling together as friends, we also shared a love for baseball. I was proud to be awarded with his award, the George H.W. Bush Distinguished Alumnus Award, by the National College Baseball Hall of Fame. To this day, I wear a ring that has his name on it. It was during our baseball days that something very interesting happened. We were having lunch one day in his office at College Station, and it was myself; President Bush; Jean Becker, his chief of staff; and Drake McLane, who owned the Astros. President Bush, just out of nowhere, said: I need to bring something up that I have gotten no credit for. Ms. Becker said: No, don’t go there, Mr. President. He said: No, I am going to go there. b1930 And Ms. Becker said: No, don’t go there, Mr. President. And he said: No, I am going to go there. There is plenty of time between that. He said: I said a statement that I get no credit for, and that statement is, ‘‘You da man.’’ He explained that he was at an Astros game—it was actually the Colt .45s in 1961—and they had a player named Rusty Staub. Rusty Staub wanted to meet President Bush. After the game, Staub came toward President Bush, who then was not President, and President Bush said: I don’t know why I said it and don’t know what it meant, but when he came closer to me, I said, ‘‘You da man.’’ Drayton McLane said: Well, if you haven’t got any credit for it, we are playing the Dodgers tomorrow night, we will put on the diamond vision your picture, and we will put, ‘‘You da man.’’ The next night, they did, and he got that credit for ‘‘You da man.’’ So I would just say to the President, and I think we would all agree: Mr. President, you da man. We had a relationship that was very unique and very dear to my heart. This great man served as a mentor to me and had a huge impact on my life. In fact, he was the reason I am standing here before all of you today. When I was contemplating running to represent Texas’ 25th Congressional District, I called President Bush for advice. He encouraged me to run and gave me the push that I needed. I will never forget it. Years ago, I announced my congressional campaign in his office with him by my side sitting next to me, and the rest in my world is history. I am forever grateful to President Bush. He has been an inspiration throughout my life. He has been like a father. Whether it be in my faith or in my path to public service, he was very kind to me. He was the first person to call me while I was in the hospital after the baseball shooting back in June of 2016. He said he was praying for me and praying for our team. Two days later, he called to check on me again. He has always answered the phone to offer his sage wisdom when I called and given me his advice, and I truly miss him terribly. Over a week has gone by now that our country has been without one of the greatest Americans to ever live. This is an immeasurable loss for America, but I am comforted knowing that he has been reunited with his beloved Barbara and their daughter Robin. It has been a true honor to experience life with President Bush in it. Our country is better because of him, I am better because of him, and my family is better because of him. He once said, and we have all heard it: Public service is the most noble calling of all. And he answered that call. Each and every day, I am praying for the entire Bush family, as we all are, and I hope they find peace during this difficult time. One more story. We were in Fort Worth one day and he spoke. He found out that one of our civic leaders was not doing well, from a health standpoint. We got in the car. He had his cell phone, and he dialed the number. A lady that worked in his house answered the phone, and he asked to speak to this gentleman. She held a minute, and the wife of this gentleman got on the phone. He said: This is President Bush. I would like to speak to your husband. She said: He cannot speak. He said: Well, take this phone into his bedroom right now, and I want to tell him I love him. That is the kind of man President Bush was. So God bless President Bush, God bless this family, and God bless America. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas, (Mr. CULBERSON ), who I think represents where President Bush lives. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. In 18 years, it has been my extraordinary privilege to represent the people of District 7. I have had the world’s best role model as a Congressman. My predecessor, George H.W. Bush, was the first Congressman to represent District 7. He, just as he was to ROGER  WILLIAMS and as he was to K EVIN 
BRADY , has been not only a role model to me, but an adviser who helped to guide me when I first decided to run for office. He has always been there for me to offer advice every step of the way. He is an extraordinary role model. Everyone who knew him understood immediately that they were in the presence of someone extraordinary. As Mark McKinnon remembers: ‘‘George H.W. Bush will be remembered by history as a deeply accomplished public servant. But the many of us who were lucky enough to pass through his orbit will remember him for his uncommon grace and love toward family and friends.’’ The editorinchief of Texas Monthly once said of George H.W. Bush that it is clear there is a narrative that runs through the Bush family: ‘‘be polite, treat people decently.’’ This came from his father and from his mother. They passed it on to their children. He remembers: ‘‘Every encounter I ever had with George W. Bush, whether it was Governor Bush or President Bush 43 or exPresident Bush, he was the same guy. He is very much his father’s son, and all of us who are parents hope that whatever else we don’t do right, the thing we do do right is to convey the fundamental values of who we are and who we’re supposed to be to our kids.’’ One of the things that survives about George Bush, the elder, is the fact that he passed along to his own children that same decency, that same line of decency that he learned from his parents. In fact, Jeb Bush once said: How great is this country that it could elect a man as fine as our dad to be President? If we remember what George W. said as he accepted the Presidential nomination in the year 2000, President Bush 43 said, as he accepted the nomination: ‘‘My father was the last President of a great generation, a generation of Americans who stormed beaches, liberated concentration camps, and delivered us from evil. Some never came home. Those who did put their medals in drawers, went to work and built on a heroic scale highways and universities, suburbs and factories, great cities and grand alliances, the strong foundations of an American century.’’ George H.W. Bush brought the Cold War to a peaceful conclusion, successfully managing the fall of the Berlin Wall, the reunification of Germany, and the end of the Soviet Union without provoking violence from communist bitter enders. In the first Gulf War, George H.W. Bush established that on his watch America would not retreat from the world but would intervene decisively when the global balance of power was in jeopardy. His life was spent in the service of his Nation, and his spirit of conciliation, common sense, and love of country will stand him in strong stead through the ebbs and flows of posterity’s judgment. On that score, George H.W. Bush was a uniquely good man. In a political universe where good men are hard to come by, there was bipartisan consensus a quarter century after he left the White House. We will miss this great, good man, and America and Texas are far, far better that he lived and he served his Nation so well. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BARTON), the dean of our Texas delegation. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, I think it is a measure of President George H.W. Bush that we all think of him as a personal friend. It is literally true that he had tens of thousands, possibly hundreds of thousands, of men and women who considered themselves personal friends. I felt I was very close to the President, although obviously not as close as Mr. WILLIAMS , who went to Kennebunkport and really knew the family. I knew the President first as Vice President. When I was a White House Fellow, it was Vice President Bush who had a reception in the White House and gave my class their White House Fellow certificates. As a candidate, one of the reasons that I am here today is because he took a personal interest in me. We had an event that we had planned for myself in Fort Worth, but the NRCC decided that I couldn’t win, and they gave that date and that time to Dick Armey. They did the event in Denton, Texas, instead of in Fort Worth, for Dick Armey. I was so mad that I crashed his event. I went up to the security checkpoint and they wouldn’t let me in. I asked to speak to the events team, and the head of the events team was a gentleman named Ron Kaufman. Ron knew me. He said: Well, JOE, that is pretty unusual. This is really for Dick Armey. But he went and talked to the Vice President, and the Vice President said sure. So I got on the stage with Roger Staubach and Dick Armey and the Vice President. I was only there for about 3 minutes, but my picture and the video was in the TV market that night. The Vice President asked me to go to Houston. I had Montgomery County, and so I went. He flew, but I drove, and I got to be in the rally that night. When he was going to Texas A&M as President, I represented A&M. I got invited to fly on Air Force One with Senator Gramm to Texas A&M, and I wore my Texas A&M tie. As we were sitting up in the Presidential cabin of Air Force One, I noticed that the President had on a handwoven, beautiful silk tie, and I noticed that Senator Gramm had on an old, cheap polyester tie. Senator Gramm looked at me, and he said: JOE, you ought to give your tie to the President. I volunteered to give my Texas A&M tie to the President, which I did; but then Senator Gramm took the President’s handwoven silk tie, and I ended up with Gramm’s polyester tie. The President said: Well, JOE, you are the junior man here. You just have to suck it up. Later that week in Fort Worth, Senator Gramm and I were at a fundraiser for the Republican women, and I noticed he was wearing the President’s handwoven silk tie. So at the end of the event, I stood up and I said: Now, ladies, we need to raise some more money. We auctioned off the President’s tie. Phil Gramm had to be a good sport, and I think we got $2,000 for it. When Bush was President, he was a strong supporter of the Super Collider project in my district. I invited him to come to Ellis County to tour it, and he did. I got to ride on Air Force One, and I got to ride on Marine One and show him the project. He had on a hard hat that said ‘‘President George Bush.’’ When he went back to the helicopter, as he got out of the Presidential motorcade, he threw his hat on the back seat. I said: Mr. President, can I have that hard hat? He said: Well, keep it for me until the next time I come down here to open the SSC. As we all know, he got defeated for reelection. President Clinton didn’t strongly support the SSC and it was killed, but I still have that hard hat. After he left office and a decision was made to put the Bush library at Texas A&M, I put a bill on the floor that got $15 million to set up the Bush Fellows at Texas A&M, and I am very, very proud of that. The last story I will tell is that in my reelection in 1986, I was the number one target in the State of Texas and one of the top 10 targets in the country. The Vice President called me and said: Would you like me to do an event? Of course, I said yes. We did that event in Fort Worth. Fran and Eddie Chiles hosted it, and we raised, I believe, over $200,000, which in that time and era, for me, was a lot of money. The Vice President spent a lot of time there and was very gracious to my family and to my parents. He invited my mother and father to the White House when he was President for the White House Christmas Ball, and that was one of the highlights of their lives. So to the Bush family, thank you for sharing the President with us all these years. As I said at the start, it is a measure of an individual when he has so many people who consider themselves to be personal friends. My guess is that President Bush has more of those types of individuals than just about anybody else in the country. God bless the late President Bush. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from San Antonio, Texas (Mr. SMITH). 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from Texas, ROGER WILLIAMS , for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I would like to commemorate the life and public service of our 41st President, George Herbert Walker Bush. President Bush was simply one of the most honorable people I have ever met in or out of politics. As a fellow Texan, I was privileged to know and work with him over the years. One of my happiest memories was when I was a junior Member of Congress. I was invited by the President to accompany him on Air Force One. This was my first flight. We went down to my hometown of San Antonio for the signing of the North American Free Trade Agreement. After we were in the air, the President asked me to join him and the First Lady, Barbara Bush, in the forward cabin. I expected the visit to last about 5 minutes, but, instead, I ended up spending the entire 2
1⁄2hour flight with them all the way down. b1945 Mr. Speaker, I have to say that I felt a twinge of guilt because I felt like he should have been spending this time making phone calls or writing those wellknown personal notes that he was famous for. This was an election year and, certainly, he could have taken my support for granted. But instead, this gesture on his part I think showed his big heart and how gracious and friendly he was. Earlier this year, I arranged for a tree to be planted on the Capitol Grounds to honor President Bush. It was the first tree to be dedicated to a President. His selfless public service and commitment to family continues to be a worthy example for all of us. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Fort Worth, Texas, Congresswoman KAYGRANGER . Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, George H.W. Bush was a giant of a man, a decorated naval aviator who nearly lost his life in World War II, Ambassador to the United Nations, Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, Vice President, and, most notably, President of the United States. But more than any of that, he is someone to admire because he spent his life dedicated to serving his country and his fellow man. His dedication to his country was only rivaled by his dedication to his family, marked by his 73year marriage to his wife, Barbara, and his loving relationships with his children, his grandchildren, and his greatgrandchildren. As important as he was, he took time to greet people who came to see him. He knew the value of a written note of praise and a hug and a handshake. He laughed as well as he led, and he knew the importance of relationships. Those who didn’t have the privilege of knowing President Bush personally were given a glimpse of his character through his loved ones on Wednesday during his memorial service. As his son President George W. Bush said—who has the same sense of family and dedication to the Nation—of his father: ‘‘Your decency, sincerity, and kind soul will stay with us forever.’’ So through our tears, let us know the blessings of knowing and loving you, a great and noble man. George H.W. Bush’s greatness shows in the strength of his family, and he has given us all a lesson in how to be a good friend. President Bush accomplished much in his long life. He epitomized what it means to be a public servant, and I am honored to recognize this distinguished Texan today and thank him for his service to our country. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas, Congressman MICHAEL BURGESS , from Denton County. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for bringing us together for this hour to pay tribute to our American hero who served on the front lines of our Nation’s history for, really, almost a century. From the skies of the Pacific to the Yale baseball diamond, to the oilfields of Texas, to the floor of the United States House of Representatives, to the streets of Beijing and the halls of the White House, President George Herbert Walker Bush led a life of humble leadership, courage, and conviction. Over five decades, he built an unmatched resume. His accomplishments, while impressive on their own, are extraordinary when bundled together. After the war, he left his New England home to move his young family to west Texas, where he pursued an oil career and later served the people of the Seventh Congressional District here in the United States House of Representatives. As a leader, President Bush faced some of the greatest challenges of his time: He worked to open new paths of diplomacy in China; he helped to restore confidence in the Central Intelligence Agency; and he worked alongside President Reagan to make America great. Though he is perhaps better known for making waves overseas, our 41st President achieved new heights at home when he opened new doors for Americans with disabilities. While President Bush had a robust resume stacked with prestigious jobs at critical times in American history, most of us will remember him from the roles he held most dear: for 73 years, President Bush was a devoted husband of Barbara Pierce, a legend in her own right, with whom he built an honorable family of children, grandchildren, and greatgrandchildren. Together, President and Mrs. Bush wove their own story of the American Dream. There is no doubt that President Bush made the State of Texas, the United States of America, and the global community a better place to live. On behalf of my constituents in the 26th District of Texas, I thank him for his matchless service to our country, and I join a grateful nation to thank the Bush family for sharing him with us. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas, Congressman PETEOLSON , a great veteran. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas 25 for setting up this Special Order for a great American, George Herbert Walker Bush, back home known as Bush 41. There are many words which describe his life: statesman, dignified, hero, father, husband, devoted leader, and human being. My wife, Nancy, and I met him twice in very relaxed settings in Houston, Texas. We loved how funny he was. He loved to make people laugh. He and I talked about being former naval aviators and running back home in Houston for Congress. Both of us had a big problem with our first campaign: We weren’t born in Texas; we weren’t native Texans. Some called us carpetbaggers. President Bush had the best reply I have ever heard. To paraphrase, he said: It is true, my friend, I wasn’t born in Texas. But on my birthday, it was very important that I was with my mother; and, sadly, my mom was not in Texas on June 12 of 1924. I wish I had the wisdom of that line when I ran in 2008. He loved having fun with his soul mate, Barbara Bush. He was married for 73 years, and she was the first woman he ever kissed. And check out this photo. That is President Carter and Rosalynn; President Ford and Betty; Lady Bird Johnson; and President George H.W. Bush and Barbara Bush. Guess who has rabbit ears? Our First Lady, Barbara Bush. George Bush never let the job take over his humanity. Mr. Speaker, I have a final story about President Bush having fun with the same photographer back in Houston. He has been with the Bush family for about 40 years. As President Bush’s health faded, he went there one fall to take some pictures for Christmas. I asked my friend: How is the President doing? He said: He is doing fine. His brain is great, but he can’t walk anymore. He is wheelchair bound, and we take a photo every year with the First Lady after they come back home from Kennebunkport for photos for Christmas and for the entire year. Those shoots have become very, very tough. I can’t stand him up. He has to sit down in his wheelchair. He was 6 foot 2, 6 foot 3. Barbara was probably 5 foot 7. He towered over her in real life. In the wheelchair, she towered over him. So how do you fix that? He said: I worked the First Lady out hard. I made her squat down, get on her knees so she is below him as they have been their whole life. And then to try to hide that wheelchair from the photos, I put her up to the left down 
low, to the right down low, behind to the right down low, behind to left down low—moved her all over. Then he started laughing and said: What made their love so special, so dear, is that both, at 90 years old, as our First Lady walked in front of the President, about 10 times she stopped and said, ‘‘George, stop that. Stop that.’’ Our President was pinching her behind out of love. There is good news today for the Bush family. President Bush and Barbara are walking hand in hand with their daughter, Robin, in Heaven right now. Mr. Speaker, I will close by saying the last four words President Bush said when he was with us. He said these words to our President George W. Bush, socalled Bush 43. He said, ‘‘I love you, too.’’ He said that to George W., but we all know he said that to every American, every person in this world. This man loved life. He loved America. He loved humanity. He was a great man. Rest well in Heaven, and have fair winds and following seas. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas, Dr. BRIAN BABIN. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Our Nation lost a true patriot on November 30 with the passing of George Herbert Walker Bush. Our 41st President ascended to the office with an impeccable resume for the position, having served as Congressman, Ambassador to China, CIA Director, and Vice President to our 40th President, Ronald Reagan. His service as a Navy pilot during the Second World War, during which he was shot down over the Pacific, cemented his status as an American hero. But the humble Bush rarely referenced his war experiences. Indeed, President Bush rarely discussed his own record. His accomplishments as President, particularly on the world’s stage, seem more impressive with the passing time, and historians and scholars hold his administration in increasingly high esteem. Mr. Speaker, I met President Bush only once, but I still treasure the photograph that I had taken with him. He was a real gentleman. Despite a life spent in public service at the highest levels, President Bush was a devoted family man. He was constantly surrounded by his loved ones. His children adored him, and his relationship with his wife, Barbara, has long been celebrated for its commitment and its warmth. The people of Texas, which became his adopted home after his service in the Navy, will forever hold President Bush in special regard. George Bush led an exemplary life. His service to his country and his kindness to his fellow Americans ranks him among our most beloved of Presidents. His reputation as a loving husband and father will persist, and I believe that his legacy as President will continue to grow long after his passing. Thank you for your service. Rest in peace, Mr. President. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas, Congressman WILLHURD, who represents a very large district in Texas. Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my friend and colleague for arranging this conversation. I want to join my colleagues and a mourning nation today as we continue to honor the legacy of President George H.W. Bush, a giant of a man that we should all aspire to be. He was also a man of integrity who focused on his family and his faith. He was a loving and caring husband, father, grandfather, and greatgrandfather who treated his friends and his foes with kindness, civility, and respect. I will be forever grateful that he fell in love with Texas A&M University, my alma mater, because that is where I had the opportunity of meeting and becoming friends with the late President. He encouraged me to join the CIA and had a lasting impact on me and many of my peers to answer the call to service and work toward causes greater than ourselves. I will be forever grateful for him instilling this spirit in me. Fortyone was the epitome of a public servant and a beacon of light in this world embodying America at its best. Rest in peace, Mr. President. Thank you for your selfless service, and thank you for being an example to us all. b2000 Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Lubbock, Texas (Mr. ARRINGTON ). Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for hosting this Special Order, my friend ROGER WILLIAMS , a fellow Texan, to honor the life and legacy of President George Herbert Walker Bush. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a great American and a proud Texan, President George Herbert Walker Bush. This past week, we as a nation said goodbye to a true statesman. We reflected on a life of duty, honor, and, above all, service to others. From one of the youngest Navy pilots in our Nation’s history to the leader of the highest office in the land, our 41st President’s life was defined by service to others, and his dedication to our country was matched only by his love for and devotion to his family. Throughout his life, President Bush taught us that public service is a noble calling and that being a politician and a gentleman aren’t necessarily mutually exclusive. His example inspired countless other Americans to get involved in public service, which made a tremendous impact on many lives, such as mine, and, no doubt, has had an impact on this country. It has made it a better and brighter place to live. Mr. Speaker, President Bush once said that he saw life in terms of missions—missions defined and missions completed. Today, George Herbert Walker Bush’s mission on Earth is complete, and I join my friend, President George W. Bush, the entire Bush family, and all Americans in celebrating a life welllived and rejoice with them in the promise of life everlasting. God, no doubt, has blessed this great country in many ways, not the least of which is with men like George Herbert Walker Bush. God bless the Bush family, and God continue to bless America. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ) for leading this tonight. He finally ran out of Texans to present here, so we are now up to California. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to be able to be here tonight to join in the commemoration celebration of President Bush 41. When he was looked to for leadership, he came through in spades. I recall mostly, I think, one of the strongest moments was, indeed, during the Gulf war, Desert Storm, and his steady hand was what was needed at a very perilous time for our allies and neighbors in the Middle East who were counting on us, but also on the ability to keep the coalitions that America had built over so many years and, indeed, form that coalition to help us be successful on the world stage in that effort. He exuded leadership. I love the photograph—I think it is the best of him. He is standing there in that bomber jacket, looking off in the distance, and just that photo exudes confidence and gives us confidence in him as a leader at that time when it was so very perilous. He was a good man. He learned from mistakes that happened, and he built upon them to be successful. As a President and I think most importantly, he would say, as a family man—indeed, when we all viewed the service for him last week here, that beautiful family that he was so proud of really is a legacy that he can be proud of, along with Barbara. That is the most important legacy. But also what he brought to the office—civility, it is something that might be a little shorthanded in the dealings in Washington, D.C., these days. He brought civility, and he brought respect to the office, the institution, and the interactions. Indeed, his ability to work across the aisle, and postPresidency, work with people who had been his opponents previously for causes that were bigger than all of us, he showed the way. He showed the light when he talked about the thousand points of light and being able to accomplish and help others postPresidency. His sense of adventure, jumping out of perfectly good airplanes at each birthday or landmark birth date, that is something else. It makes me smile. 
Mostly, he had a sense of humor. You saw it in his son, George W., as well. You see it all the time, but he could take a joke and give one out. Always one of my favorite things was his interacting with Dana Carvey on the Saturday Night Live skits there and his playing along, because he saw the fun in it. He saw the humor in it when people chalked him up as a combination of John Wayne and Mr. ROGERSin how he carried himself and the whole ‘‘na ga da’’ thing. That he interacted with Dana Carvey just showed what a wellrounded and great man this man was. We are appreciative of the opportunity to commemorate him and his service in all capacities and all phases of his life. God bless him, and God bless the whole Bush family. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL). Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas for coordinating this opportunity to stand in solidarity on the House floor and memorialize a dear family friend and my former boss, George Herbert Walker Bush, our 41st President. President Bush was a great sportsman, a man of warm and goofy humor, and a man who in every instance put himself in the position of serving others. He was willing to enlist and became the Navy’s youngest aviator. A brave aviator, indeed, he was, flying some 58 combat missions. But at every stage of his life until he passed on to be with Barbara and Robin on November 30 at the age of 94, Bush 41 continued to put himself in the position of serving others. That is his legacy, helping spread a thousand points of light—American helping American, Americans helping the less fortunate, Americans reaching out across the ocean to help those in time of need. As I noted, he was a great sportsman. He loved speed, fast boats like the Fidelity, fast planes like his Avenger Barbara III. He was said to be Grumman’s best customer after losing three planes as a naval aviator. Even in sports that were known for being relaxing, Mr. Speaker, he made them fast: 18 holes of ready golf, or cart polo, as it was referred to, in minutes, not hours; supercompetitive doubles tennis and fishing. He always loved fishing—that is, when he wasn’t skydiving. But this sportsman, gentleman, servant leader accomplished an extraordinary portfolio of successes in his single term of 4 years as our President. Called upon by the media and many to dance atop the crumbled Berlin Wall, President Bush did not dance. Instead, he put his shoulder down and produced an agreement that, in turn, has produced extraordinary growth and prosperity among the peoples of Europe. There is no greater memorial to this success than to walk down the streets today of Warsaw, Prague, or Budapest and see the economic vitality of freemarket capitalism at work. But there were other exceptional moments in the international portfolio, including the completion of the North American Free Trade Agreement; the reinforcement of the Monroe Doctrine by ejecting the threatening thug Manuel Noriega from Panama; the delicate punishment of China while balancing our relationship during the regime’s horrible, murderous actions in Tiananmen Square; and ending the years of tension between the United States and our ally Japan by creating the Structural Impediments Initiative that opened Japanese markets by removing nontariff barriers to American exports and services. On the domestic front, this man of the House, Bush 41, developed an outstanding creative agenda, starting first with cleaning up the failure of the S&L crisis of the 1980s. He proposed the Americans with Disabilities Act that was accepted by Congress and has provided millions of Americans with more opportunities for work and access. His Clean Air Act amendments set the standard in the world for cleaning up acid rain challenges using market mechanisms, benefiting not only America but our neighbor to the north, Canada. He left office with a reputation of constraining government spending and responsible budgeting. But, of course, along the way, there were heartbreaks, beginning with the failure to have his close friend, Senator John Tower, confirmed as Secretary of Defense for ridiculous and spurious partisan reasons. On Capitol Hill, President Bush 41 struggled with incredible partisanship from Senate Leader George Mitchell and House Majority Leader Dick Gephardt, but he treasured his friendships of cooperation and success with Members like John Murtha, Dan Rostenkowski, and Speaker Tip O’Neill. Mr. Speaker, George Bush 41 treasured God, faith, and family. He prided himself in the Army mantra of duty, honor, and country. In his memorial service at Washington National Cathedral, historian Jon Meacham stated that he believed Bush 41 was striving every day to justify why he had been saved on that day off Chichi Jima. Thus, his focus on service as well as his commandments: Don’t blame others and always share the credit—warm admonitions from his beloved mom. So, Mr. Speaker, I stand today with my friends from Texas to salute George Bush, a good and faithful servant who ran a full and fast life. I was lucky to know him, work for him, and recognize him for being the exceptional man of character that he was. Our country is blessed to have him as our Commander in Chief and our 41st President of the United States. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas for yielding. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, for the remaining speakers, we have 12 minutes remaining. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the State of Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman so much for this opportunity to come talk about someone we have talked about for some time now, but we could talk about him for a very long time. It is with a heavy heart that I rise this evening, along with my colleagues, to recognize the life and legacy of a true American statesman and patriot, our late President George H.W. Bush. My association with President Bush was through my hometown of Augusta, home of the Masters Tournament, founded by the greatest amateur golfer of all time, Bobby Jones. The Walker Cup, played by teams of the best amateur golfers from the United States, Great Britain, and Ireland every 2 years, was named after President Bush’s grandfather and his namesake. I got to know President Bush. He was the first honorary chairman of the First Tee organization. The sole purpose of the First Tee organization is to give those young people who do not otherwise have the economic means to play the game of golf the opportunity to play this great game. President Bush was also only one of two Presidents to be inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame. He led a life of utmost distinction, and the family and friends he leaves behind will always cherish the valuable time spent with this American hero. As he is reunited with his wife, Barbara, and daughter, Robin, in Heaven, we will continue to learn by his example always. Those young folks who are playing golf now and learning those values much appreciate it as well. Rest in peace, Mr. President. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ). Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, George Herbert Walker Bush asked all of us to be light in this world, to be gracious, to be diligent, and to be honest. And then he led the way by example. His patriotism was innate. It was his guiding light, Mr. Speaker. And Barbara was his soulmate, his compass, and part of his true north. Mr. Speaker, George H.W. Bush was one of our last great statesmen, a member of the Greatest Generation. His love for his Nation was bested only by his love for his family. This enduring love for both is how we will long remember George H.W. Bush, Mr. Speaker, and, oh, that we would emulate him. President Bush could walk into a room and make everyone feel like they belonged. He was the epitome of the true Southern gentleman, even though he wasn’t born in the South. The South did adopt him, however, I might add, Mr. Speaker. His mannerisms and his convictions gained him respect far and wide—worldwide, in fact. This great and good man brought us together and led the way, once again, 
in that, during our time of mourning his passing, his example quieted some of the divisiveness that is on display all too often, Mr. Speaker. We have a lot to learn from his mission and his life. Oh, that we would emulate him in that. Last week, George H.W. Bush arrived at his final, kindest, gentlest resting place with Barbara and Robin. He is home. Mission accomplished, Mr. President. George Herbert Walker Bush, Mr. Speaker, is worth emulating. Oh, that we would all do so. b2015 Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my colleagues tonight in what is a tribute to George Herbert Walker Bush and Barbara Bush, a tribute of which I hope we will continue to live. It is my great honor to salute President Bush and to be reminded of the beauty of his love of 73 years, a partnership of service, raising a family, and serving a Nation. Last week’s tribute of mourning, memorials, and funerals was an opportunity for not only the Nation, but the world to learn of the depth and the level of integrity, honesty, statesmanship, and leadership of our 41st President. I am glad to have known him, as a Houstonian, and delighted to have worked with his wife, Barbara Bush, on her great commitment that everyone should have the ability to read. Literacy was a standardbearer by which she guided her later life. So many people learned to read and cherish books because of her service. I got to know the President more closely because of his relationship with my husband, Dr. Elwyn C. Lee. What most people don’t know is, preceding the Honorable Barbara Jordan and Mickey Leland, parts of the 18th Congressional District, of which I represent, was represented by this young Congressman by the name of George Herbert Walker Bush. They were African Americans in a segregated Houston. He was beloved because of his eagerness to treat everyone as a human being. One of his dear friends, who will turn 90 in a couple of weeks, Reverend Dr. F.N. Williams, the pastor of the Antioch Baptist Church—he still is the pastor—and I remember standing next to him in Acres Homes when thenPresident Herbert Walker Bush landed his big helicopter right there in our community, showing and affirming the friendship. We further enjoyed the opportunity to know him, along with my husband, through his assisting him in his own high school, Andover Academy, and how kind he was to send a gift for our wedding from China. He is more than the President of the United States, the Congressman; the chair of the RNC, the envoy, among others—the VicePresident, President, the Director of the CIA, and most of all, a hero of World War II, where he, in his effort to fight for this Nation also, was shot down and looked to save his colleagues. He is a hero. He is a friend. He is a man we will honor and continue to honor. By our lives and our service we hope to affirm both the wonderful life of his lovely bride, as well as himself, and to say to his children, grandchildren, great grandchildren, and others: Rest well. Thank you for sharing him with us, for he did serve his Nation. By that, he has served the people of this Nation. My God bless. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO). Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to honor the late President George Herbert Walker Bush, our 41st President of the United States, and express our condolences to the Bush family. President Bush accomplished many policy objectives during his nearly 30 years in government, but I believe his greatest legacy is his complete devotion to this Nation and its people. In and out of office, President Bush dedicated his life to public service and helping others. He belonged to that era of Americans known as the Greatest Generation. Whether it was serving in the U.S. Navy during World War II or achieving the highest office in the land, President Bush never failed to demonstrate selflessness and compassion. When faced with conflicts and adversity, President Bush always responded with grace and honor. He lived at a time when Americans and America knew who we were. His lifetime of service was rightly recognized in 2011, when he received the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the Nation’s highest civilian honor. Even though he is no longer with us, his legacy of kindness and self sacrifice will live on. As we transition into the 116th Congress, I would like us to remember President Bush for his complete devotion to this country and its citizens. It is an honor to have a career in public service, and I am grateful our country had a role model like President Bush. I hope my colleagues in Congress feel the same. At a time in history when the Nation feels divided, we must remember those who have stood before us and worked to bring the American people together for the good of the country. The alignment he had in life is a simple one. In fact, our Nation would be better served if we followed it. It is: God, country, and family. I ask that we honor late President Bush, we remember his encouragement to work handinhand with our neighbors to give back to our community and to our country. The American people are lucky to have such a compassionate and honorable leader and we will forever be grateful for his service to this great country. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, faith, family, and friends. We may never see the likes of George H.W. Bush again, although we hope we do. Praise the Lord for the President. Praise the Lord for his family. In God we trust. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 2, AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018 Mr. CONAWAY submitted the following conference report and statement on the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes: (For conference report and statement, see proceedings of the House of December 10, 2018, published in Book II.) 
IGNORANCE OR EVIL The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BERGMAN ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GARRETT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, over Thanksgiving, I had the amazing opportunity to accompany some impressive individuals and thought leaders from the Freedom Research Foundation, on my own dime and my own time, into Iraq and northeastern Syria. There was a debate that ran between myself and one of these individuals over what was more dangerous, ignorance or evil. Ultimately, I suggest that perhaps ignorance is dangerous and evil is dangerous, but the most dangerous thing might be the ignorance of evil itself. In order to vanquish evil, we must first vanquish ignorance. We must recognize the evil that exists in order to correct it. Tonight, to that end, I will speak to the realities on the ground, not only in the Middle East, but in so many parts of the world, but specifically in Iraq and Syria right now as I speak. If we don’t get this right, not only will innumerable lives vanish, but entire cultures will vanish. To my left is an image of individuals restrained and then set on fire, one of many barbaric acts that I could have chosen to visually depict the horrors that have been visited upon this region since the rise of ISIS and the Syrian civil war began. Edmund Burke once said—and I will paraphrase, ‘‘The only thing necessary for evil to triumph is for good people to do nothing.’’ I might submit that the only thing worse than doing nothing is doing the wrong thing. All too often in the Middle East Western governments’ policies are some combination of the two: nothing and the wrong thing. There are any number of ways to illustrate this, but one might be this depiction of an individual who was actively committing atrocities against 
their fellow man and who was later welcomed into a Western nation as a refugee. That he went through a vetting process and was deemed to be a refugee from the very horror which he perpetrated is an anecdotal but very real evidentiary indicator of the fact that sometimes governments get it wrong. We have gotten it wrong enough in this part of the world recently that we have seen not only ethnic cleansing but genocide on a scale that really and truly is hard to imagine the mirror of— perhaps Cambodia, certainly during the Second World War. In fact, I spent the better part of a year living in a tent in the former Yugoslav Republic of Bosnia because of ethnic cleansing and genocide. But let’s put this in light. b2030 We look the other way or do nothing so often that it becomes almost second nature. In 70 years, as civil war has raged in Burma, minority peoples—the Chin; the Kachin; the Wa; the Shan; and now, finally, receiving some attention, the Rohingya—are persecuted, exterminated, and displaced by a raging government. And the West is quiet, perhaps not because we condone it but because we are not aware of it. In Rwanda, over a period of 100 days, we lost about 10,000 lives a day. That is a million people. In Bosnia, 8,000 were killed in Srebrenica in 1995. These war crimes begat the ICTY, the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. Yet, as we see ISIS rolled up into its final stronghold in the Deir ezZor province of Syria, with fighting currently going on as we speak around Hajin, no similar thing exists. In fact, we see individuals whom we can identify who have immigrated to Europe who have not at all been held to account. That, in itself, is a shame and a tragedy and something that I would hope to see corrected. But in Syria and Iraq not only have we done nothing; we have gotten it wrong. We gave roughly a billion dollars to the Free Syrian Army. Components of the Free Syrian Army included Jabhat alNusra, which was essentially alQaida—we have now armed and funded alQaida to fight ISIS— components now of antiregime forces like alSham, which has been coopted by an expansionist, arrogant, hostile, evil Turkish leader named Erdogan. And, in the meantime, we have seen any number of minority communities persecuted, displaced, murdered, and raped across the region. To my left, your right, you will see a pie chart. It is 100 percent of a pie chart. That represents the approximately 3 million Christians in Iraq and Syria at the high point of their population in the 21st century. What remains of that pie chart is that: 2.7 million human beings displaced, raped, murdered, tortured, et cetera. And we have done nothing, truly, to effectively stop this. There was lament from the White House and many others, myself included, about the disproportionate numbers of individuals admitted as refugees by virtue of how it reflected the total population of these areas and their faith. But the answer is not to remove Christians or Yazidis or Circassians or Armenian minorities from Iraq and Syria; it is to create a circumstance where they can live in their home safely without fear. Yet we haven’t done that. Mr. Speaker, 2.7 million, ballpark. Again, you can go to CIA World Factbook or any number of sources. That is three people displaced, killed, et cetera, roughly, for every one in Rwanda. That is 325 people displaced or killed for every one in Srebrenica. And we sit. And our foreign policy seems to be driven, oftentimes, by whatever the largest interests at play are. We are much more concerned with what the Russians are doing, with what the Turks are doing, with what the Iranians are doing. I could say what the regime was doing, but I have already mentioned the Russians. I understand that from a geopolitical sort of bigpicture scale, but I would submit the following, Mr. Speaker: If you want to get the big things right, you must first start by getting the small things right. If you want to understand what is going on in the world and get it right for tomorrow so that we can prevent this sort of suffering and inhumanity in the future, then you must first find those who share your values and align with them today. What are these atrocities that have been committed, specifically against the Christian community but not exclusively, against the Yazidi community, against Shia or Sunni, depending upon who had the upper hand, where, and when—crucifixions? There is a cottage industry in kidnapping and ransom. At one point, over 200 Christians were kidnapped and ultimately ransomed off for millions of dollars, which then went to fund the very entities that kidnapped them to begin with. And when things didn’t move quickly enough, Mr. Speaker, three innocent people were murdered just to make a point. We didn’t hear about it on the nightly news. We see a displacement and an ethnic cleansing taking place particularly in Iraq, where collaborators search through titles and then find a cousin and take a deed and sell it to someone who has been selected by entities that seek to change the demographic makeup of an area, who is of a particular faith. So the Shabak population, perpetually a victim population in itself, has been moved into Christian areas to repopulate them with those who will be complicit in the rearrangement of entire regions. In fact, before the conflict in Iraq, there were vibrant, thriving Christian communities in Bosra, in Baghdad and Mosul. Now we have seen them rolled up, pushed out of the country, murdered, and then, now, essentially contained, by and large, in an end of a plain. The Khabur River area in Syria was under siege by ISIS, where churches and homes were destroyed, but where, also, the regime of Bashar alAssad dropped bombs from aircraft. And if this victimization isn’t bad enough, it is multiplied by the fact that ISIS and those who fight against ISIS, in the case of the Free Syrian Army, hold with great disdain the West. And so, therefore, if you happen to be Christian, you are identified by default as proWestern, and, therefore, the argument is let them help you. Well, these people are not any more Western than I am Middle Eastern, but they are victims of that perception. And we do nothing. So we know that minority groups have been victimized by Sunni extremists and ISIS, Shia extremists, Hezbollah, radical elements of the PMU, the Hashd alShaabi, by the Free Syrian Army, by Turkey and their co opting of some of these very elements, by Russia, and by the regime, who not only drops chemical weapons on those who oppose them in regimecontrolled areas, but also in the areas that are not. All of these exploit or target religious minorities in order to maintain political power. And it is a play that is as old as tyranny itself, that you would find a minority group that was large enough that everyone might know someone in that minority group and then ascribe to them all the problems of your society; and then, in creating a victim, unite your society against that minority group in order to maintain your own power. It is the face of evil. And who does this? Well, the regime, Russia, but Turkey. Turkey, in particular, has been guilty and, I think, is egregiously so by virtue of the fact that we refer to them constantly as our NATO ally. Turkey has taken the occasion of calamity in Syria in order to enhance and expand Turkey itself. This is absolutely, positively, unequivocally undeniable. To my left, your right, you see pictures of the entrance to the hospital in Afrin, along with alBab and Jarabulus areas that the Turkish have taken military control of under the auspices of a cleverly named marketing ploy called Euphrates Shield, which tacitly was designed to help root out ISIS. If indeed this was designed to help root out ISIS, why do Turkish flags fly above the buildings in Afrin as opposed to Free Syrian flags? Why is it that the sign in front of the hospital is no longer in Kurdish and Arabic but now in Turkish and Arabic? Why are they changing the names of the streets in Afrin to Turkish names? Why have they changed the language in which students are taught in school? 
Why is the police force in Afrin equipped with Turkish equipment swearing allegiance to Erdogan, speaking Turkish, and imposing a Turkish will upon a people who are not even ethnically Turkish? In fact, to compare Afrin or Jarabulus or alBab to the Sudetenland is to forget the fact that there were actually Germans in the Sudetenland when it was ceded to Hitler. So we have seen an expansionist Turkey use the calamity of ISIS and the Syrian civil war to grab land and then impose upon a people a language that is not their own, rules that are not their own, enforcement that is not their own, and tyranny that is not their own. And this is the tip of the iceberg. These are our NATO allies. They spend millions of dollars a month in this city to influence policy and opinion. They put our air base at Incirlik under siege, quite literally, cutting water and power to that facility where nuclear weapons are stored and, candidly, were a scintilla away from storming the gates and visiting unimaginable terror on our servicemen and women stationed there. They brutalized, kicked, stomped, punched, and hit with ASPs and wands American citizens on American soil. They attacked and killed civilians in Syria with U.S.made weapons, F–16s, and now we are going to sell them F– 35s? Erdogan speaks in favorable terms of the Nazis. Turkey, our NATO ally, is engaged in threeparty talks regarding the future of Syria with such global good actors as Iran and Russia, negating the thoughts or interests of their ‘‘NATO allies’’ or, more importantly in my estimation, the very people who suffer under their jackboot. They have imprisoned over 50,000 people as a result of an uprising and have been rated to have one of the least free presses on the planet Earth. They conflate truth with fiction, and they manipulate U.S. policy by conflating the YPG with the PKK and the PKK in Syria with the PKK in Turkey and, even now, are demanding a ‘‘Kurdish withdrawal’’ from Manbij, where I met with members of the military council, suggesting that the YPG unilaterally controls Manbij. Well, I have news for you, Mr. Erdogan. It has already been done. The SDF controls Manbij, and the leaders of that military council might have some Kurds among them, but they also include Arabs and Christians and everyone else who lives in that region. And we are negotiating with them over this because they play word games and they are a step ahead of us. One of the most amazing stories I heard was outside Jarabulus at the front lines from a local commander who said that when the Turks came into Jarabulus, the ISIS fighters that the Turks said they had vanquished never actually vanished but only changed uniforms. In fact, where I stood, machinegun fire had impacted that same very day from forces of the Free Syrian Army who sat about 3 kilometers in front of the Turkish military base on that side of the line. In other words, and I can tell you this based on my time in a uniform, if Turkey didn’t want them to be there, they wouldn’t be there. And what was ISIS that the Turkish said they would vanquish is now the same people in different uniforms working for Turkey, spreading the same sort of terror. And they have the hubris to demand that the Syrian Democratic Forces, which are a multiethnic, tolerant, pluralistic group which represents the various ethnicities and religions of the individuals on the ground, is synonymous with the Kurdish element, the YPG, which, yes, indeed, had a great deal to do with liberating Manbij from ISIS but is no longer responsible for that area. Why? So that they can coopt control of that area without firing a shot. And I can assure you of this: The people there are rightly afraid. And as if Turkey was not bad enough, Mr. Speaker, Iran. We, the United States, withdrew from Iraq to maintain a political promise, thus creating a vacuum, and everyone knows that power abhors a vacuum. And so when that vacuum was created, the Iranian regime took advantage of years of exploitation of Shia in Iraq by Sunni and the Hussein the Ba’athist administrations and essentially flipped the script. Now, there are people in Baghdad who are working very hard to get this right. We have friends in Baghdad, but Iran is working, as we speak, to undermine this fact. They promote and fund ethnic cleansing. They help to move properties where Christians or other minorities have been displaced into the hands of other groups, which will change the composition of the area, thus allowing them greater ease in control. They have killed, maimed, injured innumerable of our brothers and sisters, Iranian weaponry on the battlefield in Iraq. And then there is the regime and Russia. So many people suggest that, perhaps, in the Middle East, in Syria in particular, there are no good guys. Well, there are. And the regime and Russia have sought to play this to their advantage. Make no mistake; the Russians don’t care so much about the Assad regime as they do about a warmwater port in the Mediterranean, which has been a dream in Russia since the czars, transit to the Atlantic through the Mediterranean without the need to cross the Bosporus out of the Black Sea. But they have also weaponized religious leaders against their own people, essentially creating circumstances wherein, if bishops and patriarchs told the whole story about what was happening to their flock on one side of an imaginary line, they might endanger their flock on another. b2045 They have bombed not only their own civilians but the Khabur River Valley in areas they didn’t control, and then stood back and gladly blamed those atrocities on other parties. And they do this because we don’t understand exactly what is being done. So we have identified the problems, but what are the solutions? Longterm solutions mean getting the little things right first. To get the little things right, we have to find the people who share our values. And they do exist. What can we do to this end? In Iraq, I think, recognizing the KRG as a self governing subentity of a greater Iraq, their legitimacy, and then fostering and encouraging their devotion to pluralism. We talk about atrocities committed. It is interesting how many times I heard the story of a million Christians murdered at the hands of the Ottoman Turks, having contracted the Kurdish population in 1915. And so the Christians said when the Iraqi government forces pulled out from in front of the Christian towns, particularly the Nineveh Plains, and left them exposed and defenseless to the rise of ISIS, they knew—they just knew that no one would help because the Kurds had not been their friends 100 years earlier. And yet it was these Kurds who stepped in and stopped ISIS, at least long enough for people to flee with their lives. And so this commitment to religious minorities to other minorities is perhaps bred of the fact that the Kurds themselves, within the greater nation of Iraq, are a minority. But I am not terribly concerned with where it comes from. I have more concern with what the result is. So if there is a commitment to tolerance anywhere that has been demonstrated on the ground in Iraq, it is in the subregion of Iraqi Kurdistan. This is a shared value. These are people with whom we can work. We should insist that Iraqi authorities in the central government in Baghdad adhere to their own constitution. What I do mean by that? Well, in the Iraqi constitution, there is a revenue sharing agreement that creates a federalist system by virtue of funneling moneys to areas based on population, et cetera. And for years on end, this very money was lorded over the Kurdish regions in order to demand compliance. And, again, I am not advocating for an autonomous Iraqi Kurdistan. I am advocating for a selfadministrating subentity of a greater Iraq. But if we are going to help the Iraqis, we need to demand that they actually follow their own constitution, because they are right now weaponizing against the very people that they purport to serve. We should direct U.S. aid in any form that it is administered to the government at the closest level to the people. Decentralize—as Thomas Jefferson once said, that government closest to 
the people governs best and is most easily held to account. Too often American aid is pilfered along its way from the United States through a central government to a regional government to a local government or entity. Let’s find the good guys. Send it straight to them. How do you do this? Well, within these subregions, we can find other subregions. For example, the Nineveh Plains in Iraq. I have spoken with Prime Minister Barzani, with the interior minister, with the finance minister—entire communities, literally towns and cities pushed free of their generational inhabitants that could come back and create a bastion of tolerance and adversity inside of a region that knows far too little of both. And so the establishment of a Nineveh Plains Council and the directing of aid to that Nineveh Plains Council, not as an independent entity of a nation of Iraq or from Iraqi Kurdistan, but there within, in the Federalist construct, we would be siding with those who share our values to create outcomes that are consistent with our values. And let me articulate briefly on what those values are: that all people are created equal and endowed by their creators with inalienable rights, and among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Now, if I could spend 11 days in the United States of America and hear Jefferson and Locke and Hobbes and Madison and Mason quoted nearly as often as I did in north and eastern Syria or northern Iraq, I would think we were getting civics and history right. But these common values are what we will build a sustainable and peaceful future on. Support concrete steps to establish a true multiethnic, multireligious, pluralistic government in Iraq. The framework exists. So, for example, if Iraq is the United States, then Iraqi Kurdistan is California, and Nineveh Plains is Los Angeles, and separate, between these entities, into the appropriate realms, those government structures of each. In other words, the political leaders shouldn’t be making religious decisions. The religious leaders shouldn’t be making political decisions. The economic leaders shouldn’t be making security decisions. And security leaders shouldn’t be making economic decisions. This isn’t Tom’s idea. These folks have figured this out. What we are not doing is helping them get it right. Again, if Iraq is the United States, then the KRG is California, and Nineveh Plains is Los Angeles. Get Los Angeles right, it will help California. Get California right, it will help Iraq. And the same can be said in Syria. What does right look like? Again, repeatedly, people coming to me saying: Well, Mason said; Madison said; the Declaration said; the Constitution said. The SDC, the Syrian Democratic Council, governs north and eastern Syria, again, just like a State government might govern a subentity of the United States. There is not some desire for independence from Syria, but instead for a greater Syria that respects basic human rights and freedoms. These are American values and ideas. And it is not just the SDC in north and eastern Syria. They have separate councils in every single town, and these towns’ councils look like the towns. If a population of Circassians exist, then Circassians have representation. There are more women in leadership positions by proportion in north and eastern Syria than there are in the United States House of Representatives. The Turks tell us that north and eastern Syria, the Syrian Democratic Council, is a subentity of the Kurds. The Turks are lying. Let me tell you what the Syrian Democratic Council looks like. It looks Arab. It looks Kurdish. It looks Christian. It looks Yazidi. It looks Circassian. It looks like a man. It looks like a woman. It looks liberal. It looks conservative. It looks like you and me. And what do we do to get it right? Well, the first thing that we could do that wouldn’t involve spending a single dime of taxpayer money is recognize the right of the Syrian Democratic Council to exist as an independent subentity of a greater Syria. Mr. President, you could do this with one tweet. Again, I am not advocating on behalf of an independent nation in north and eastern Syria. I am advocating on behalf of a Syrian nation that shares values based on what the leaders in this land that have undergone so much tragedy, so much dying, so much rape, have suffered through to beget. Instead, we shape our policy on what might the Turks do, what might the Iranians do. I have got bad news. There is not a darn thing we can do to make them like us. Meanwhile, we have got people who inherently are drawn to us by virtue of an idea that everyone has a right to go to sleep in his or her own community without fear that they won’t wake up in the morning; who just need us to say: Yes, you have a right to be there. What other steps? Allow visas for the SDC leaders to get to the United States. That is right. They have essentially what is a state government. Their leaders aren’t allowed to come here. Their leaders aren’t allowed to walk the halls of this building like leaders from every other nation in the world and tell their story. Stroke of a pen. Suggest that the values articulated in the SDC social contract be mirrored in foundational documents for a new Syria. These values include tolerance, pluralism, secular government—not secular society—freedom of religion, freedom from religion, equal rights for women, no persecution of people based on sexual orientation, the right to aspire and attempt and endeavor and succeed. These are American values. I am not suggesting that we say that the SDC social contract should be adopted by all of Syria. I am suggesting that we suggest that when we negotiate this, because heretofore they are not even invited to the table, that they look at those values and seek to mirror those as part of any source of a sustainable future in that country. To that end, we should insist on the inclusion and recognition of the SDC in any peace negotiations. We should establish immediately a nofly zone over north and eastern Syrian. If the north and eastern Syrian SDC doesn’t want you flying and the United States doesn’t want you flying, you can’t fly. Why? Well, because the Turks have stationed artillery on the border. They have shelled across the border. They have killed civilians across the border. The regime has dropped barrel bombs in the Khabur River Valley and killed civilians across the border, and the SDC—God bless them for trying— doesn’t have any way of stopping it. We should inform Turkey that the YPG is already out of Manbij and that the SDF isn’t the YPG. We should inform Turkey, ultimately, that they can get out of Syria or they can get out of NATO. The farce that suggests that Euphrates Shield is somehow in operation where Turkey collaborates with the world to rid it of the evil of ISIS is proven false by virtue not only of the horrific atrocities committed by the Turks, not only of the allowing of the Turks—of the forces that are ostensibly under their control to continue to attack peaceable peoples in the region, but also by the renaming of the streets, the hospitals, the schools, the police departments in the areas which they have occupied under the auspices of combating ISIS. When was the last time the United States Army ever liberated an area and then changed the language to English and flew the U.S. flag over the hospital and the county administration building? These are not our allies. What can we do to help not only in Syria and Iraq but in both? Make a concrete commitment to governments at whatever level—at the local level as embodied by the conceptual Nineveh Plains Council; the state level as embodied by a KRG, who, while not perfect, is acting a whole lot more in alignment with values of tolerance and secularism than anyone else in the region; and the Federal level in the instances of places like Jordan, make concrete commitments to these people who share our values. This means more than money. Support Iranian opposition groups, insist that our allies ought to do business with us or with the Iranians, suspend the sale of weapons to Turkey until the Turks begin to behave like a nation that belongs amongst the community of nations. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be an American. I am proud of American values. But we, like all human beings, are imperfect. 
Contrary to the thoughts of some, America is not the source of all the world’s problems, we are also not the solution. But with great power comes great responsibility, Mr. Speaker, and we have been given great power. It is our duty to get this right. Just like in the parable of the talents—to whom much is given, from whom much is expected. There is no excuse in remaining ignorant. People are dying. We need to get this right. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill and joint resolution of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker, on Thursday, December 6, 2018: 
H.R. 754. An act to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achievements and courageous contributions to peace in the Middle East. H.J. Res. 143. Joint Resolution making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2019, and for other purposes. 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, further reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker, on Friday, December 7, 2018: 
H.R. 1417. An act to amend the National Law Enforcement Museum Act to allow the Museum to acquire, receive, possess, collect, ship, transport, import, and display firearms, and for other purposes. H.R. 1861. An act to award a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Lawrence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in recognition of his achievements and contributions to American major league athletics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. H.R. 3398. An act to amend the Real ID Act of 2005 to permit Freely Associated States to meet identification requirements under such Act, and for other purposes. H.R. 5238. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’. H.R. 6330. An act to amend the Small Business Act to modify the method for prescribing size standards for business concerns. f 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTION PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on December 6, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills and joint resolution: 
H.J. Res. 143. Making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2019, and for other purposes. H.R. 754. To award the Congressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achievements and courageous contributions to peace in the Middle East. H.R. 1207. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’’. ADJOURNMENT Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 57 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, December 11, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
7103. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, Division of Swap Dealer and Intermediary Oversight, Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Margin Requirements for Uncleared Swaps for Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants (RIN: 3038AE71) received November 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 7104. A letter from the Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Pears Grown in Oregon and Washington; Increased Assessment Rate for Fresh Pears [Doc. No.: AMSSC180048; SC189271 FR] received November 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 7105. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — DoD Identity Management [Docket ID: DOD2015OS0054] (RIN: 0790 AJ36) received November 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7106. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Registration of Privately Owned Motor Vehicles [Docket ID: DOD2018OS 0006] (RIN: 0790AK15) received November 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7107. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Office of Housing — Federal Housing Commissioner, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Manufactured Home Procedural and Enforcement Regulations; Clarifying the Exemption for Manufacture of Recreational Vehicles [Docket No.: FR5877F02] (RIN: 2502AJ33) received November 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 7108. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a Declaration of a Public Health Emergency and Waiver and/or Modification of Certain HIPAA, and Medicare, Medicaid, and Children’s Health Insurance Program Requirements (wildfires on the State of California), pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 247d(a); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title III, Sec. 319(a) (as amended by Public Law 107188, Sec. 144(a)); (116 Stat. 630) and 42 U.S.C. 1320b5(d); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title XI, Sec. 1135(d) (as added by Public Law 107188, Sec. 143(a)); (116 Stat. 628); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7109. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report entitled, ‘‘Report to Congress: Evaluation of the Independence at Home Demonstration’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1395cc5(g); Public Law 111 148, Sec. 3024; (124 Stat. 407; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7110. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Modernization of Media Regulation Initiative: Procedural Revisions to the Filing of Open Video System Certification Applications [MB Docket No.: 17105] received November 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7111. A letter from the Secretary, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Test Procedures and Labeling Standards for Recycled Oil (RIN: 3084AB48) received November 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7112. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report on United States Citizens Detained by Iran, pursuant to the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act, Public Law 11544; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7113. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s 59th Semiannual Report to Congress on Audit Followup, covering the sixmonth period ending September 20, 2018, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector General Act, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7114. A letter from the General Counsel, Executive Office of The President, transmitting seven (7) notifications of either a federal vacancy, nomination, action on nomination, or change in previously submitted reported information, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7115. A letter from the Chairman and The General Counsel, National Labor Relations Board, transmitting the Board’s Semiannual Report of the Office of Inspector General for the period April 1, 2018, through September 30, 2018, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7116. A letter from the Staff Director, U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, transmitting the Commission’s annual Performance and Accountability Report for FY 2018, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107 289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7117. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Coastal Migratory Pelagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic Region; 20182019 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for King Mackerel in the Gulf of Mexico Western Zone [Docket No.: 160426363727502] (RIN: 0648XG523) received November 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7118. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Northern Rockfish in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 170817779816102] (RIN: 0648XG492) received November 28, 2018, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7119. A letter from the Solicitor General, Department of Justice, transmitting a decision from the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida on United States v. Pryor, No. 15cr20404 (S.D. Fla. Jan. 27, 2016), appeal pending, No. 1610806 (11th Cir. filed Feb. 25, 2016), pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 530D(a)(1); Public Law 107273, Sec. 202(a); (116 Stat. 1771); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 7120. A letter from the Administrator, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a report advising that the cost of response and recovery efforts for FEMA 3399EM in the State of Hawaii has exceeded the limit for a single emergency declaration, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 5193(b)(3); Public Law 93288, Sec. 503(b)(3) (as amended by Public Law 100707, Sec. 107(a)); (102 Stat. 4707); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7121. A letter from the Administrator, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a notification that the cost of response and recovery efforts for FEMA3405 EM in the State of Florida has exceeded the limit for a single emergency declaration, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 5193(b)(3); Public Law 93288, Sec. 503(b)(3) (as amended by Public Law 100707, Sec. 107(a)); (102 Stat. 4707); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7122. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rules — Religious Exemptions and Accommodations for Coverage of Certain Preventive Services Under the Affordable Care Act [TD9840] (RIN: 1545BN92) received November 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 1552. A bill to preserve open competition and Federal Government neutrality towards the labor relations of Federal Government contractors on Federal and federally funded construction projects, and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 1068). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 6893. A bill to amend the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016 to extend the Secret Service overtime pay exception through 2019, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–1069). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3593. A bill to amend the Wilderness Act to authorize U.S. Customs and Border Protection to conduct certain activities to secure the international land borders of the United States, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1070, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 5727. A bill to establish the San Rafael Swell Western Heritage and Historic Mining National Conservation Area in the State of Utah, to designate wilderness areas in the State, to provide for certain land conveyances, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1071). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CONAWAY: Committee of Conference. Conference report on H.R. 2. A bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1072). Ordered to be printed. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Homeland Security discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3593 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself and Mr. LEWIS of Georgia): H.R. 7227. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modernize and improve the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts (for herself, Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. LEE, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. MOULTON , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. M ENG, Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. M CNERNEY, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. PAYNE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. TITUS, Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mr. K ILDEE, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. D ANNY  K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. PALLONE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Miss RICEof New York, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. LOFGREN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEYof New York, Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. DEGETTE , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. SPEIER , and Mr. POCAN ): H.R. 7228. A bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to include in the Annual Country Reports on Human Rights Practices a section on reproductive rights, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. BRAT (for himself, Mr. BUDD, Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. G IANFORTE , and Mr. NORMAN ): H.R. 7229. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to protect student rights, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CLYBURN (for himself, Mr. NORMAN , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. RICE of South Carolina, Mr. GOWDY , and Mr. S ANFORD ): H.R. 7230. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 226 West Main Street in Lake City, South Carolina, as the ‘‘Postmaster Frazier B. Baker Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania: H.R. 7231. A bill to provide regulatory relief for conventional marginally producing oil and gas wells from the Environmental Protection Agency’s ‘‘Methane Rule’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 7232. A bill to establish a National Wildlife Corridors Program to provide for the protection and restoration of certain native fish, wildlife, and plant species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, Agriculture, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. CASTOR of Florida: H.R. 7233. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize grants for graduate medical education partnerships in States with a low ratio of medical residents relative to the general population; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CONAWAY: H.R. 7234. A bill to amend the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 to require certain issuers to disclose to the Securities and Exchange Commission information regarding foreign jurisdictions that prevent the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board from performing inspections under that Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. DELBENE (for herself and Ms. SEWELL of Alabama): H.R. 7235. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to establish Lifelong Learning and Training Account programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 7236. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for the establishment of a radiofrequency radiation site safety information database, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi (for himself and Mr. WALZ): H.R. 7237. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to ensure that the final pay and certificate of discharge or release for a reserve member of the Armed Forces is ready upon discharge or release of that member from active status; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts, Mr. BERA, and Mr. LAMALFA ): H.R. 7238. A bill to prohibit discrimination on the basis of military service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 7239. A bill to prohibit requests for the disclosure of a social security account number in commercial transactions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. NADLER , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. E SPAILLAT ): H.R. 7240. A bill to designate the Manhattan Campus of the New York Harbor Health 
Care System of the Department of Veterans Affairs as the ‘‘Margaret Cochran Corbin Campus of the New York Harbor Health Care System’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7241. A bill to protect freedom of speech in America’s electoral process and ensure transparency in campaign finance; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7242. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow certain areas affected by certain Federally declared disasters to be designated as opportunity zones; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 7243. A bill to amend Public Law 115 217 to change the address of the postal facility designated by such Public Law in honor of Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. O’HALLERAN: H.R. 7244. A bill to provide for the unencumbering of title to nonFederal land owned by Win Oil Company, Incorporated, for purposes of economic development by removing the Federal reversion interest in that land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SIRES (for himself, Ms. ROS LEHTINEN , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mrs. TORRES ): H.R. 7245. A bill to provide humanitarian relief to the Venezuelan people and Venezuelan migrants, to advance a constitutional and democratic solution to Venezuela’s political crisis, to address Venezuela’s economic reconstruction, to combat public corruption, narcotics trafficking, and money laundering, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 7246. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to establish a nonregulatory program to support restoration and protection efforts in the HudsonMohawk River Basin region, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JONES of North Carolina: H. Con. Res. 145. Concurrent resolution recognizing the honorable service of military working dogs and soldier handlers in the tactical explosive detection dog program of the Army and encouraging the Army and other government agencies, including law enforcement agencies, with former tactical explosive detection dogs to prioritize adoption of the dogs to former tactical explosive detection dog handlers; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. FLORES (for himself, Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. BACON , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. BARR, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia, Mrs. BLACK , Mrs. B LACK BURN , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Mr. B UCK, Mr. BUDD, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. CHABOT , Ms. C HENEY , Mr. C LOUD , Mr. COHEN , Mr. C OLE, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. COOPER , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. CRAMER , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. C ULBER SON, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. CURTIS , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. DIAZBALART , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. DOGGETT , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. EMMER , Mr. E STES of Kansas, Mr. FASO, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. GIANFORTE , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. G OWDY , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. GRAVES of Georgia, Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mrs. HANDEL , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. H ARRIS, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. JODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. HIMES, Mr. H OLDING , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. HUIZENGA , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. I SSA, Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J OHNSONof Ohio, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. KATKO , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. KINGof Iowa, Mr. KINZINGER , Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. LAHOOD, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. LAMBORN , Mrs. L ESKO , Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. L UETKE MEYER , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. M ARCH ANT, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. M EADOWS, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. MULLIN , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. O LSON , Mr. PALAZZO , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Ms. ROSEN , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. R OSS, Mr. ROTHFUS , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. S CALISE, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. SESSIONS , Ms. S HEAPORTER , Mr. SHUSTER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. SMITH of Missouri, Mr. S MITH of Texas, Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. TENNEY , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. THORNBERRY , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. TURNER , Mr. V EASEY , Mrs. W AGNER, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. W ALKER , Mrs. WALORSKI , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. WENSTRUP , Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. WOMACK , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. B RAT, Mr. L ATTA , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. V ELA, Mr. BERGMAN , and Mr. G ROTHMAN ): H. Res. 1172. A resolution honoring the life of President George Herbert Walker Bush; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CONAWAY: H. Res. 1173. A resolution encouraging the Department of Defense and the Department of the Navy to enter into an international jointbuild, costsharing program for the next generation nuclearpowered fast attack submarine program, and encouraging the Department of the Navy to maximize the utility of autonomous underwater vehicles; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L EE, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. BONAMICI , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. MOULTON , Ms. M OORE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. PAYNE , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. R USH, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. ELLISON , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. VEASEY , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. KHANNA , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. MCNERNEY , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. PETERS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. HULTGREN ): H. Res. 1174. A resolution recognizing the 70th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the celebration of ‘‘Human Rights Day’’; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 7227. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 7228. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, U.S. Constitution By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 7229. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. CLYBURN: H.R. 7230. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania: H.R. 7231. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution which gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and within the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 7232. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress under Article I, Sec. 8, Clause 3; Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2; and Article I, Sec. 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. CASTOR of Florida: H.R. 7233. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CONAWAY: H.R. 7234. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, sec 8. By Ms. DELBENE: H.R. 7235. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 7236. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi: H.R. 7237. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 7238. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, sec 8, cl.3 (commerce clause), & cl. 18 (necessary and proper clause); section 1 of the 14th Amendment (due process and equal protection clauses), and section 5 of the 14th Amendment (enforcement). In addition, Article 1, sec 8, & cl. 16. By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 7239. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 7240. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7241. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: According to Article 1, Section 4, Clause I ‘‘The Times and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except as to the Places of chusing Senators.’’ By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7242. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause I says, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 7243. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7: ‘‘to establish post offices and postal roads.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Necessary and Proper Clause By Mr. O’HALLERAN: H.R. 7244. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. SIRES: H.R. 7245. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to clause 3(d)(1) of rule XIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the authority for this legislation in article I, section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 7246. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power * * * To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 154: Ms. M ATSUI and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 866: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 930: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 1138: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 1318: Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. M ORELLE , Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. L ATTA , and Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 1339: Mr. BERGMAN . H.R. 1438: Mr. ESPAILLAT and Ms. J AYAPAL . H.R. 1475: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 1612: Mr. MORELLE and Ms. S CANLON . H.R. 1832: Mr. CLAY. H.R. 1847: Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. C ARSON of In diana, Ms. GRANGER , and Mrs. W ALORSKI . H.R. 2044: Mr. COHEN and Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 2309: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 2315: Mr. CARSON of Indiana and Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2472: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 2475: Ms. SCANLON . H.R. 2886: Mr. POCAN and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. H.R. 3128: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 3137: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 3195: Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 3197: Mrs. BEATTY and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 3288: Mr. FASO. H.R. 3440: Ms. SCANLON . H.R. 3464: Mr. MORELLE and Ms. S CANLON . H.R. 3918: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 4022: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 4143: Mr. LOUDERMILK . H.R. 4198: Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Ms. WILD. H.R. 4256: Ms. GRANGER . H.R. 4271: Mr. NADLER , Mr. B EYER , Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. KILDEE , and Mr. P ALLONE . H.R. 4444: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 4471: Mr. FASO. H.R. 4691: Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 4732: Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. ABRAHAM , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. KHANNA , and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 5058: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 5160: Ms. PINGREE and Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN . H.R. 5282: Mr. KILMER , Mr. C LAY, Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. R OGERS of Ala bama. H.R. 5499: Mr. BRADY of Texas, Mr. B UDD, Mr. BUCSHON , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. G OWDY , Mrs. HARTZLER , Mr. H ILL, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mr. U PTON , Ms. WILSON of Florida, and Mr. W OMACK . H.R. 5885: Mr. FASOand Mr. S UOZZI . H.R. 5911: Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 6016: Mr. TAKANO , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 6033: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia. H.R. 6043: Mr. SMITH of Washington, Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. DELBENE, Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. H ECK. H.R. 6060: Ms. NORTON , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. SUOZZI , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. M CNERNEY . H.R. 6081: Mr. RYANof Ohio and Mr. S IMPSON. H.R. 6085: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. L OFGREN , Miss RICEof New York, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 6135: Ms. SCANLON . H.R. 6278: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 6454: Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, and Ms. MOORE . H.R. 6502: Mr. COOK. H.R. 6543: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 6590: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 6615: Ms. NORTON , Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H.R. 6653: Mr. BABIN. H.R. 6685: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 6693: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 6714: Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 6759: Ms. ROSEN , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash ington, Mr. PERLMUTTER , and Mr. C UELLAR . H.R. 6795: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. L AWSON of Flor ida, Mr. PAYNE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. L EE, Ms. BASS, Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. RUSH, and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H.R. 6807: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 6854: Mr. BUTTERFIELD . H.R. 6888: Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. CASTRO of Texas. H.R. 6903: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 6932: Mr. GUTHRIE . H.R. 6993: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 7062: Mr. MORELLE and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 7116: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 7123: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 7127: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 7136: Mr. FITZPATRICK and Mr. V ELA. H.R. 7141: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 7142: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 7146: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. POCAN . H.R. 7209: Mr. MEADOWS and Mr. R EED. H.R. 7217: Ms. ESHOO , Ms. H ERRERA  BEUTLER , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, and Mr. BILIRAKIS . H.J. Res. 129: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H. Con. Res. 138: Mr. LARSON of Con necticut. H. Con. Res. 142: Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. C OURT NEY, Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. JAYAPAL , Ms. M OORE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. SPEIER , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. B ASS, Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. K ILDEE, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. ESHOO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. ELLISON , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. B UCK, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Il linois, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. H ECK, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor gia, Mr. LABRADOR , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. COHEN , Mr. H IMES, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. S IRES, Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. S OTO, Mr. G OMEZ , Mrs. TORRES , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. L ARSON  of Connecticut, Ms. PELOSI , and Mr. B IGGS. H. Con. Res. 144: Mr. POEof Texas. H. Res. 35: Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. H. Res. 356: Ms. SPEIER . 
H. Res. 1031: Mr. T AKANO , Ms. W ILD, Ms. SCANLON , Mr. K IND, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. LOEBSACK . H. Res. 1034: Mr. GRIFFITH , Mr. WESTERMAN , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. H UNTER , and Mr. BISHOP of Utah. H. Res. 1145: Mr. SERRANO , Mr. H ECK, and Ms. WILD. H. Res. 1162: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H. Res. 1165: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mrs. W AGNER, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. R UTHER FORD , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. P OEof Texas. H. Res. 1168: Mr. CHABOT and Mr. W ALBERG . 
N O T I C E For conference report and statement, see proceedings of the House of December 10, 2018, published in Book II. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7373 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 2018 No. 194 
The Senate met at 4 p.m. and was called to order by 