Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, today I introduce the IDEA Parity for Outlying Areas Act, which would amend the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act to better support students with disabilities in our smaller U.S. territories and the Freely Associated States. During my final congressional address to my constituents in Guam, I pledged to sponsor this important legislation for our youngsters and students with disabilities, as well as their families. I want to give special recognition to Ms. Nadia Pablo, who interned in my office this past summer, for her work in developing this legislation with my staff. Ms. Pablo currently attends Virginia Commonwealth University, where she is studying to become an occupational therapist and pursue a rewarding career working with people with disabilities. The IDEA Parity for Outlying Areas Act would ensure that American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, classified as outlying areas by the U.S. Department of Education, receive their fair share of Federal funding to serve students with disabilities and their families. The intent of Congress, outlined in current Federal law, is that the U.S. Department of Education set aside a fixed percentage of available Federal funding each year for the four outlying U.S. territories and the three Freely Associated States in the Pacific. However, the U.S. Department of Education frequently allocates far less than the 1 percent reserved for the outlying areas under current law. So, to fix this, my bill would require the U.S. Department of Education to reserve the full 1 percent of available IDEA funding each year for the outlying areas, as Congress always intended. This will ensure that special education in American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, and the U.S. Virgin Islands gets full Federal funding. It will also ensure that the U.S. Department of Education provides adequate support for special education in the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau consistent with the Compacts of Free Association between the U.S. and those allied countries. There are some 7,177 students with disabilities in the outlying U.S. territories and the Freely Associated States, all of whom would benefit under this bill. According to the most recent figures, Guam recorded more than 2,020 students with disabilities, including 171 preschoolers with disabilities. Our territorial Departments of Education are chronically underfunded, and many developmental and learning disabilities simply go undiagnosed. So we desperately need Federal support under the IDEA. Instantly, and importantly, my bill would also make Guam and the other outlying U.S. territories eligible to receive IDEA funding for preschoolers, children ages 3 to 5, with disabilities. Under current law, American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, and the U.S. Virgin Islands are not eligible to receive U.S. Department of Education funding for preschoolers with disabilities. Finally, my bill removes a number of antiquated and unnecessary restrictions in current law to allow the U.S. Department of Education to exercise the same flexibility in awarding IDEA funding to the territories as the Department may do so under other programs. As a daughter of a schoolteacher, with many members in my family as part of education, and someone involved in special education on Guam over many, many years, the education of our island’s youngsters with disabilities is very close to my heart. Students with disabilities in the territories deserve nothing less than the full support of their Federal Government, and that is exactly what my bill would provide. While I will be leaving Congress at the end of this year, I am confident that my colleagues from the other territories will take on my IDEA Parity for Outlying Areas Act in the next Congress, and I look forward to supporting them in that important work in any way that I can. 
NATIONAL RECOVERY MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate September being National Recovery Month. Sponsored by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, SAMHSA, I encourage everyone to take time this month to reach out to those they know who are suffering or have suffered from mental and substance abuse disorders. Currently, 115 people die every day from an opioid overdose. Clearly, that is way too many and, sadly, only one example of numerous types of mental and substance abuse disorders in the United States. If you or anyone you know is struggling, there are resources available, including the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, SAMHSA’s National Helpline, and more. SAMHSA’s website, www.samhsa.gov, has these phone numbers, treatment center locations, grant applications for local governments, and general health information. With hard work, smart policy decisions, and a dedicated American public, we can turn these numbers around. f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 1918 INFLUENZA PANDEMIC Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the 100th anniversary of the 1918 influenza pandemic, one of the most deadly pandemics in human history called the Spanish flu. The illness claimed 675,000 lives. No part of the United States was immune to the Spanish flu, and it claimed victims of all ages, urban and rural citizens alike. Sadly, we still do not know exactly what caused the 1918 epidemic, but, even today, deadly strains of the flu are still possible. It is important that we remember the 1918 Spanish flu epidemic to remind ourselves how important it is to strongly invest in research and development for lifesaving medications that may prevent a future outbreak, like the one in 1918. As we enter into the new flu season, I encourage everyone to see your doctor, see your pharmacist, and get your flu vaccine. 
UNSPEAKABLE SUFFERING OF THE ROHINGYA PEOPLE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN) for 5 minutes. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise, once again, to speak about the unspeakable suffering of the Rohingya people. Two recent developments have accentuated the vital need for the House to speak formally and clearly about this human disaster. First, last month, a factfinding mission of the United Nations spelled out what is undeniable, that Burma’s Rohingya Muslim population has been subjected to ‘‘systemic oppression’’ culminating in socalled clearance operations that ‘‘targeted and terrorized the entire Rohingya population.’’ The U.N. report called for Burma’s military leaders to be investigated and prosecuted on charges of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes related to the atrocities committed against the Rohingya. Let me quote directly from the U.N. report on the violence and brutally inflicted on the Rohingya by operations 
conducted by the Burmese military last year: ‘‘The ‘clearance operations’ constituted a human rights catastrophe. Thousands of Rohingya were killed or injured. Mass killings were perpetrated. . . . Villagers were gathered together, before men and boys were separated and killed. . . . Women and girls were taken to nearby houses, gang raped, then killed or severely injured. Bodies were transported in military vehicles, burned and disposed of in mass graves.’’ b1215 ‘‘Villagers were killed by soldiers, and sometimes Rakhine men, using large bladed weapons. Others were killed in arson attacks, burned to death in their own houses. In some cases, people were forced into burning houses or locked into buildings set on fire. Rape and other forms of sexual violence were perpetrated on a massive scale.’’ Secondly, reporters who have attempted to expose these atrocities in Burma have been targeted for harassment and arrest. Just last week, two reporters from Reuters were sentenced to 7 years in prison by a Burmese court for violating statesecret laws in what has been widely reported as a sham process. During their court proceedings, a police official testified he had been ordered to entrap these journalists. This is nothing less than an effort to suppress the truth. The leader of Burma’s civilian government, Aung San Suu Kyi, must pursue the immediate and unconditional release of these courageous reporters. Anything less represents a betrayal of justice and democracy. Earlier this year, Burma’s national security advisor made a series of comments designed to deny or downplay any violence and atrocities against the Rohingya, saying the vast majority remain in Burma, and ‘‘if it was genocide, they would all be driven out.’’ He went on to declare that the Burmese Government ‘‘would like to have clear evidence’’ of ethnic cleansing and genocide. The evidence, of course, is overwhelming, as presented in the current and previous U.N. reports. The fact is that Suu Kyi and the civilian government too often excuse or deny genocide. The U.N. report stated that she failed to use her position or moral authority to protect the Rohingya, and that civilian authorities have, instead, ‘‘spread false narratives’’ about the atrocities. Some have preached patience with Suu Kyi, noting that she does not have direct authority over Burma’s military. They say that there is a danger the military may dismantle the civilian government if she raises concerns about their brutal and murderous repression of the Rohingya. I met personally with Suu Kyi a few years ago as part of a delegation led by NANCY PELOSI . Her story of not only perseverance but triumph over oppression was an inspiration to all of us. But none of this justifies silence in the face of genocide. Over threequarters of a million Rohingya have been forced to flee their homes to seek refuge in neighboring Bangladesh. Many thousands have been killed, raped, and beaten as described earlier. Dozens of villages have been burned and bulldozed into oblivion. The civilian government has the power to free the two jailed reporters who have exposed particular cases of violence against the Rohingya. Mr. Speaker, I rise once again to speak about the unspeakable suffering of the Rohingya people. Two recent developments have accentuated the vital need for the House to speak formally and clearly about this human disaster. First, last month, a factfinding mission of the United Nations spelled out what is undeniable—that Burma’s Rohingya Muslim population has been subjected to ‘‘systemic oppression’’ culminating in socalled clearance operations that ‘‘targeted and terrorized the entire Rohingya population.’’ The UN report called for Burma’s (also known as Myanmar) military leaders to be investigated and prosecuted on charges of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes related to the atrocities committed against the Rohingya. Let me quote directly from the UN report on the violence and brutality inflicted on the Rohingya by operations conducted by the Burmese military last year: The ‘‘clearance operation’’ constituted a human rights catastrophe. Thousands of Rohingya were killed or injured. Mass killings were perpetrated . . . villagers were gathered together, before men and boys were separated and killed . . . women and girls were taken to nearby houses, gang raped, then killed or severely injured. Bodies were transported in military vehicles, burned and disposed of in mass graves. Villagers were killed by soldiers, and sometimes Rakhine men, using large bladed weapons. Others were killed in arson attacks, burned to death in their own houses. In some cases, people were forced into burning houses, or locked into buildings set on fire. Rape and other forms of sexual violence were perpetrated on a massive scale. 
Second, reporters who have attempted to expose these atrocities in Burma have been targeted for harassment and arrest. Just last week, two reporters from Reuters were sentenced to seven years in prison by a Burmese court for violating state secrets laws in what has been widely reported as a sham process. During their court proceeding, a police official testified he had been ordered to entrap these journalists. This is nothing less than an effort to suppress the truth. The leader of Burma’s civilian government, Aung San Suu Kyi, must pursue the immediate and unconditional release of these courageous reporters. Anything less represents a betrayal of justice and democracy. Earlier this year, Burma’s National Security Advisor (Thaung Tun) made a series of comments designed to deny or downplay any violence and atrocities against the Rohingya, saying the vast majority remain in Burma, and ‘‘if it was genocide, they would all be driven out.’’ He went on to declare that the Burmese government ‘‘would like to have clear evidence’’ of ethnic cleansing and genocide. The evidence of course is overwhelming, as presented in the current and previous UN reports. The fact is that Suu Kyi and the civilian government too often excuse or deny genocide. The UN report stated that she failed to use her position or moral authority to protect the Rohingya, and that civilian authorities have instead ‘‘spread false narratives’’ about the atrocities. Some have preached patience with Suu Kyi, noting that she does not have direct authority over Burma’s military. They say there is a danger the military may dismantle the civilian government if she raises concerns about their brutal and murderous repression of the Rohingya. I met personally with Suu Kyi a few years ago as part of a delegation led by NANCY  PELOSI . Her story of not only perseverance but triumph over oppression was an inspiration to all of us. But none of this justifies silence in the face of genocide. Over threequarters of a million Rohingya have been forced to flee their homes in Burma to seek refuge in neighboring Bangladesh. Many thousands have been killed, beaten, and raped. Dozens of villages have been burned and bulldozed into oblivion. The civilian government has the power to free the two jailed reporters who have exposed particular cases of violence against the Rohingya. Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo should not be imprisoned for shining a light on the truth. Congresswoman SCHAKOWSKY is leading efforts to urge Secretary of State Pompeo to demand their immediate release in direct discussions with Suu Kyi, saying ‘‘this case is only the latest example of the ongoing erosion of press freedom in Burma, especially directed at those covering military abuses.’’ Representatives JOAQUIN CASTRO and A NN WAGNER have sent a letter directly to Suu Kyi urging the journalists’ release after being sentenced for, in their words, ‘‘their commitment to a central role of a free press—speaking truth to power.’’ Nikki Haley, the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, has said ‘‘the conviction of two journalists for doing their job is another terrible stain on the Burmese government.’’ Last week, I introduced H. Res. 1057, calling on Suu Kyi to move to immediately and unconditionally free the two reporters. It builds on an earlier resolution that I joined with Senator DURBIN and the late Senator McCain that called for both military and civilian authorities to end the violent repression of the Rohingya. I urged that we in the House carry out our solemn duty and come together now and speak with one voice. We should pass a resolution right now saying that jailing reporters for exposing the truth is a grave injustice, especially when that truth is the crime of genocide. We cannot wait to respond to this injustice when it is convenient or safe. Those whose voices have been suppressed through violence and cruelty need us to speak for them now. We must not fail them. 
RECOGNIZING CROYDON FIRE COMPANY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania (Mr. F ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Croydon Fire Company in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, which recently celebrated its 100th year of service in our community. Recently, the fire company celebrated with a parade and an open house, which I had the honor to participate with them in, allowing Croydon residents to express their gratitude and well wishes to the brave men and women who sacrifice so much for our community. I would like to take this time, Mr. Speaker, to show our community’s appreciation for volunteer fire companies, who often today are feeling the squeeze of declining membership and volunteerism. In Croydon, under the strong leadership of Chief Tom Tryon, the fire company continues to see success. However, there is still work to be done in order to sustain the viability of volunteer fire companies, and we stand by their side in this mission. I applaud the work of the Croydon volunteer fire company and their tireless work to protect our families and our community. We wish them all the best as they enter their second century serving lower Bucks County and our entire community. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month. As policymakers and citizens, it is a time for us to reflect on loved ones lost and to work together in advancing bipartisan solutions to eradicate this disease. I am proud of my neighbors in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who are doing their part to advocate for a cure to ovarian cancer. Turn the Towns Teal, a national campaign that spreads awareness of ovarian cancer through the placement of teal ribbons in public locations, recently arrived in Doylestown borough. This event brought together thoughtful citizens, in partnership with the Doylestown Rotary Club, dispensing nearly 400 ribbons throughout the area. It takes several leaders to make this impactful event possible. I would like to thank coordinator Joan Doyle for her activism, along with the Doylestown borough mayor, Ron Strouse, and the entire Doylestown borough council for their support in the fight against ovarian cancer. I want to commend all volunteers who participated in Doylestown’s Turn the Towns Teal event in its 10th year of existence. We look forward to collaborating with them to promote this noble cause throughout our community. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a nonprofit organization in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, that gives individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities the ability to contribute to society in a variety of meaningful and fulfilling ways. Shared Support, Inc., in Warminster is a unique program that gives participants work experiences in multiple settings. One of Shared Support, Inc.’s impressive stories involves Jimmy Garcia, who assists the residents of the Neshaminy Manor nursing home. Recently, during a painting activity session, Jimmy was extremely helpful in making sure the residents had the supplies they needed to accomplish their tasks. He also took a trip with Neshaminy Manor to the Middletown Grange Fair, assisting Warwickbased Ross Mill Farm with the hard work of cleaning the animal pens. I applaud Jimmy for his hard work and for being an outstanding citizen in our community. I would also like to thank Shared Support cofounder and CEO Christine Martin, direct care professional Mike Hegarty, and Neshaminy Manor’s activities aid Margaret Matthews for all of their amazing work with an amazing organization. Our community really thanks them for all the work they do. f 
RECOGNIZING FAIRVIEW MORAVIAN CHURCH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) for 5 minutes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Fairview Moravian Church in WinstonSalem, North Carolina, for hosting its third annual Police Appreciation Day last Friday. It was my privilege to attend this inspiring and exciting event in honor of the entire WinstonSalem police force and their families. Fairview Moravian Church did an incredible job of bringing together the community to celebrate the commitment and sacrifices that law enforcement officers and their families make to protect and serve the community. Numerous local businesses also participated in the event by providing a wonderful meal and various door prizes. I commend Police Chief Catrina Thompson, along with her leadership team, for the leadership they provide the police force, and I commend and thank, with all my heart, the Winston Salem police force and all of the men and women who make daily sacrifices to keep the community safe. They are truly a dedicated group of people. The Fifth District is fortunate to have the congregation of Fairview Moravian Church devote its time and effort to carry out this tradition to show the men and women of the police force the support they deserve every day. May God continue to bless everyone involved. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 25 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. CALVERT ) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. The Members of this House return to address issues of concern to the Nation. Give them the gifts of discernment and patience in the work that faces them. Even so, a major storm approaches the Carolinas, promising disruptions to life and safety in the coastal States, as well as impacting travel for many Members. May this be a time, with Your grace, for Americans to demonstrate good will toward their neighbors, and patience as well, with the difficult responsibilities of those in government when natural disaster is imminent. We thank You for the courage of those charged with responding to the impact of the storm in the coming days, and ask that all would be safe and secure. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WILLIAMS led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
PALESTINIAN LIBERATION ORGANIZATION SUBSIDIZES MURDER (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, this week, President Donald Trump, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, and National Security Advisor John Bolton made the courageous decision to close the Palestinian Liberation Organization, PLO, office in Washington. The PLO has taken no steps to advance the peace negotiations with Israel. Instead, they have focused their efforts on leveraging the International 
Criminal Court, which directly disrupts the peace process. Unfortunately, the PLO’s efforts to subvert the International Criminal Court were advanced when former President Barack Obama refused to stand up for Israel in the U.N. Security Council. While the PLO condemns Israel, it is, shamefully, paying payments to families of suicide bombers and terrorists as rewards for mass murder. Hakim Abard, who murdered five members of an Israeli family, receives $14,000 a year from the PLO. The family of the murderer of American Taylor Force received benefits as a reward for that murder. The administration had provided the PLO the opportunity to remain when their waiver lapsed, but, unfortunately, the PLO continues to sponsor violence against innocent American and Israeli citizens. President Trump made the right decision. Our prayers for the people threatened by Hurricane Florence, with our appreciation for the first responders who are protecting American families in the tradition of 9/11. 
ETHICS IN PUBLIC SERVICE (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, President Trump campaigned to drain the swamp, but his administration has only accelerated the revolving door between the executive branch and industry lobbyists. Last week, I introduced a bill to restore the rules surrounding executive appointee lobbying to the higher standards of the previous administration. The Ethics in Public Service Act would make commonsense changes to make government more transparent and accountable. For example, it would close loopholes in the Trump administration’s ethics pledge allowing former appointees to communicate with the agency where they worked and permitting former lobbyists to join an executive agency that they lobbied within the previous 2 years. Government officials should not be shamelessly trading on their service for personal gain or to help out the special interests that previously employed them. Our democracy will function more effectively, and the American people will be better served, by a stronger separation between public service and corporate lobbying. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this legislation to clean up the system in Washington. 
RECOGNIZING LAKE TRAVIS FIRE DEPARTMENT AND BEE CAVE POLICE DEPARTMENT (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, today I want to take a moment to recognize the Lake Travis Fire Department and the Bee Cave Police Department that are in the great 25th District of Texas. As we all know, yesterday marked 17 years since our country was attacked on September 11, 2001. We lost thousands of lives when terrorists wreaked havoc on the United States. While we can never forget the anger and heartbreak we all felt, we must also never forget the heroic actions by our first responders. While people were running down the stairs to escape, men and women were running up 110 flights of stairs toward danger to save lives. That day, we lost 343 New York firefighters, 37 Port Authority officers, and 23 New York P.D. officers. While we can never truly thank them for their sacrifice, we can honor them for their courage and valor. Yesterday, the Lake Travis Fire Department and the Bee Cave Police Department put on full gear and climbed 110 flights of stairs to commemorate those who never made it out while climbing those steps. Mr. Speaker, our first responders are vital to the safety of Americans, and we must never forget to thank them for all they do. We must continue to pray for all those affected, and thank those who selflessly gave their lives for our Nation. God bless our first responders, and God bless America. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 2:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 6 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1430 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. CALVERT ) at 2 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6198) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6198 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XIX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 591 et seq.) is amended— (1) in the title heading, by striking ‘‘ DO MESTIC NUCLEAR DETECTION OFFICE ’’ and inserting ‘‘COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION OFFICE’’; (2) by striking section 1901 and inserting the following: 
‘‘In this title: ‘‘(1) ASSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘Assistant Secretary’ means the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. ‘‘(2) INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term ‘intelligence community’ has the meaning given such term in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). ‘‘(3) OFFICE .—The term ‘Office’ means the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office established under section 1901(a). ‘‘(4) WEAPON OF MASS DESTRUCTION .—The term ‘weapon of mass destruction’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). ‘‘Subtitle A—Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department a Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. ‘‘(b) ASSISTANT SECRETARY .—The Office shall be headed by an Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, who shall be appointed by the President. ‘‘(c) RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Assistant Secretary shall serve as the Secretary’s principal advisor on— ‘‘(1) weapons of mass destruction matters and strategies; and ‘‘(2) coordinating efforts to counter weapons of mass destruction. ‘‘(d) DETAILS .—The Secretary may request that the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of State, the Attorney General, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and the directors of other Federal agencies, including elements of the intelligence community, provide for the reimbursable detail of personnel with relevant expertise to the Office.’’; (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle B—Mission of the Office 
‘‘The Office shall be responsible for coordinating with other Federal efforts and developing departmental strategy and policy to plan for, detect, and protect against the importation, possession, storage, transportation, development, or use of unauthorized chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear materials, devices, or agents in the United States and to protect against an attack using such materials, devices, or agents against the people, territory, or interests of the United States. 
‘‘SEC. 1922. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER DEPARTMENT ENTITIES AND FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The authority of the Assistant Secretary under this title shall neither affect nor diminish the authority or the responsibility of any officer of the Department or of any officer of any other department or agency of the United States with respect to the command, control, or direction of the functions, personnel, funds, assets, and liabilities of any entity within the Department or any Federal department or agency. ‘‘(b) FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT  AGENCY .—Nothing in this title or any other provision of law may be construed to affect or reduce the responsibilities of the Federal Emergency Management Agency or the Administrator of the Agency, including the diversion of any asset, function, or mission of the Agency or the Administrator of the Agency.’’; (4) by striking section 1905; (5) by redesignating sections 1902, 1903, 1904, 1906, and 1907 as sections 1923, 1924, 1925, 1926, and 1927, respectively, and transferring such sections to appear after section 1922, as added by paragraph (3); (6) in section 1923, as so redesignated— (A) in the section heading by striking ‘‘
MISSION OF OFFICE ’’ and inserting ‘‘ RESPON SIBILITIES ’’; and (B) in subsection (a)(11), by striking ‘‘Domestic Nuclear Detection Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Office’’; (7) in section 1925, as so redesignated, in subsection (a), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘section 1902’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1923’’; (8) in section 1926, as so redesignated— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Director for Domestic Nuclear Detection’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘paragraphs (6) and (7) of section 1902(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1923’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘paragraphs (6) and (7) of section 1902(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1923’’; (9) in section 1927, as so redesignated— (A) in subsection (a)(1)(C), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘Director of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’; and (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 1902’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1923’’; and (10) by inserting after section 1927, as so redesignated, the following new section: 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, through the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, shall establish the ‘Securing the Cities’ (‘STC’) program to enhance the ability of the United States to detect and prevent terrorist attacks and other high consequence events utilizing nuclear or other radiological materials that pose a high risk to homeland security in highrisk urban areas. Through the STC program the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) assist State, local, Tribal, and territorial governments in designing and implementing, or enhancing existing, architectures for coordinated and integrated detection and interdiction of nuclear or other radiological materials that are out of regulatory control; ‘‘(2) support the development of a region wide operating capability to detect and report on nuclear and other radioactive materials out of regulatory control; ‘‘(3) provide resources to enhance detection, analysis, communication, and coordination to better integrate into Federal operations State, local, Tribal, and territorial assets; ‘‘(4) facilitate alarm adjudication and provide subject matter expertise and technical assistance on concepts of operations, training, exercises, and alarm response protocols; ‘‘(5) communicate with, and promote sharing of information about the presence or detection of nuclear or other radiological materials among appropriate Federal, State, local, Tribal, and territorial governments, in a manner that ensures transparency with the jurisdictions served by such program; ‘‘(6) provide augmenting resources, as appropriate, to enable State, local, Tribal, and territorial governments to sustain and refresh their capabilities developed under the STC program; and ‘‘(7) provide any other assistance the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(b) DESIGNATION OF JURISDICTIONS .—In carrying out the STC program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall designate jurisdictions from among highrisk urban areas under section 2003, and other cities and regions, as appropriate. ‘‘(c) CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall notify the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate not later than three days before the designation of a new jurisdiction in accordance with subsection (b) or any other change to participating jurisdictions.’’. (b) REFERENCES AND CONSTRUCTION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Any reference in any law, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to— (A) the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office shall be deemed to be a reference to the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office; and (B) the Director for Domestic Nuclear Detection shall be deemed to be a reference to the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. (2) CONSTRUCTION .—Sections 1923 through 1927 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as so redesignated by subsection (a), shall be construed to cover the chemical and biological responsibilities of the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. (3) AUTHORITY .—The authority of the Director of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office to make grants or enter into cooperative agreements is transferred to the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, and such authority shall be construed to include grants for all purposes of title XIX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this Act. (c) CHIEF MEDICAL OFFICER .— (1) REPEAL .—Title V of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.) is amended by striking section 516. (2) AMENDMENT .—Title XIX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 591 et seq.), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle C—Chief Medical Officer 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is in the Office a Chief Medical Officer, who shall be appointed by the President. The Chief Medical Officer shall report to the Assistant Secretary. ‘‘(b) QUALIFICATIONS .—The individual appointed as Chief Medical Officer shall be a licensed physician possessing a demonstrated ability in and knowledge of medicine and public health. ‘‘(c) RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Chief Medical Officer shall have the responsibility within the Department for medical issues related to natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and other manmade disasters, including— ‘‘(1) serving as the principal advisor on medical and public health issues to the Secretary, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Assistant Secretary, and other Department officials; ‘‘(2) providing operational medical support to all components of the Department; ‘‘(3) as appropriate, providing medical liaisons to the components of the Department, on a reimbursable basis, to provide subject matter expertise on operational medical issues; ‘‘(4) coordinating with Federal, State, local, and Tribal governments, the medical community, and others within and outside the Department, including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response of the Department of Health and Human Services, with respect to medical and public health matters; and ‘‘(5) performing such other duties relating to such responsibilities as the Secretary may require.’’. (3) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by striking the item relating to section 516. (d) WORKFORCE HEALTH AND MEDICAL SUPPORT .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Management shall be responsible for workforcefocused health and medical activities of the Department. The Under Secretary for Management may further delegate these responsibilities, as appropriate. ‘‘(b) RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Under Secretary for Management, in coordination with the Chief Medical Officer, shall— ‘‘(1) provide oversight and coordinate the medical and health activities of the Department for the human and animal personnel of the Department; ‘‘(2) establish medical, health, veterinary, and occupational health exposure policy, guidance, strategies, and initiatives for the human and animal personnel of the Department; ‘‘(3) as deemed appropriate by the Under Secretary, provide medical liaisons to the components of the Department, on a reimbursable basis, to provide subject matter expertise on occupational medical and public health issues; ‘‘(4) serve as the primary representative for the Department on agreements regarding the detail of Commissioned Corps officers of the Public Health Service of the Department of Health and Human Services to the Department, except that components and offices of the Department shall retain authority for funding, determination of specific duties, and supervision of such detailed Commissioned Corps officers; and ‘‘(5) perform such other duties relating to such responsibilities as the Secretary may require.’’. (e) TRANSFERS ; ABOLISHMENT .— (1) TRANSFERS .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall transfer to— (A) the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office all functions, personnel, budget authority, and assets of— (i) the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office, as in existence on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act; and (ii) the Office of Health Affairs, as in existence on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, except for the functions, personnel, budget authority, and assets of such office necessary to perform the functions specified in section 710 of the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 (relating to workforce health and medical support), as added by this Act; and (B) the Directorate of Management of the Department of Homeland Security all functions, personnel, budget authority, and assets of the Office of Health Affairs, as in existence on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, that are necessary to perform the functions of such section 710. (2) ABOLISHMENT .—Upon completion of all transfers pursuant to paragraph (1)— (A) the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office of the Department of Homeland Security and the Office of Health Affairs of the Department of Homeland Security are abolished; and (B) the positions of Assistant Secretary for Health Affairs and Director for Domestic Nuclear Detection are abolished. (f) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) OTHER OFFICERS .—Paragraph (4) of section 103(d) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘A Director for Domestic Nuclear Detection’’ and inserting ‘‘An Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office’’. (2) NATIONAL BIOSURVEILLANCE INTEGRATION  
CENTER .—Section 316(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 195b(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Secretary shall’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, shall’’. (3) INTERNATIONAL COOPERATION .—Section 317(f) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 195c(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Chief Medical Officer,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office,’’. (4) FUNCTIONS TRANSFERRED .—Section 505(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 315(b)) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (4); (B) by redesignating paragraph (5) as paragraph (4); and (C) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘through (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘through (3)’’. (5) COORDINATION OF DEPARTMENT OF HOME LAND SECURITY EFFORTS RELATED TO FOOD , 
AGAINST TERRORISM .—Section 528(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 321q(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Health Affairs,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office,’’. (g) DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  CHEMICAL , B IOLOGICAL , R ADIOLOGICAL , AND NUCLEAR ACTIVITIES .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act and once every year thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide a briefing and report to the appropriate congressional committees (as defined in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101) on— (1) the organization and management of the chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear activities of the Department of Homeland Security, including research and development activities, and the location of each activity under the organizational structure of the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office; (2) a comprehensive inventory of chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear activities, including research and development activities, of the Department of Homeland Security, highlighting areas of collaboration between components, coordination with other agencies, and the effectiveness and accomplishments of consolidated chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear activities of the Department of Homeland Security, including research and development activities; (3) information relating to how the organizational structure of the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office will enhance the development of chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear priorities and capabilities across the Department of Homeland Security; (4) a discussion of any resulting cost savings and efficiencies gained through activities described in paragraphs (1) and (2); (5) information on how the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office is coordinating with the Under Secretary of Science and Technology of the Department of Homeland Security on research and development activities; and (6) recommendations for any necessary statutory changes, or, if no statutory changes are necessary, an explanation of why no statutory or organizational changes are necessary. (h) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended— (1) by inserting after the item relating to section 709 the following: ‘‘Sec. 710. Workforce health and medical support.’’; and (2) by striking the item relating to title XIX (including items relating to section 1901 through section 1907) and inserting the following: ‘‘TITLE XIX—COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION OFFICE ‘‘Sec. 1900. Definitions. ‘‘Subtitle A—Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office ‘‘Sec. 1901. Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. ‘‘Subtitle B—Mission of the Office ‘‘Sec. 1921. Mission of the Office. ‘‘Sec. 1922. Relationship to other department entities and Federal agencies. ‘‘Sec. 1923. Responsibilities. ‘‘Sec. 1924. Hiring authority. ‘‘Sec. 1925. Testing authority. ‘‘Sec. 1926. Contracting and grant making authorities. ‘‘Sec. 1927. Joint annual interagency review of global nuclear detection architecture. ‘‘Sec. 1928. Securing the Cities program. ‘‘Subtitle C—Chief Medical Officer ‘‘Sec. 1931. Chief Medical Officer.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Department of Homeland Security was created in response to the September 11th terrorist attacks and the threats to the homeland posed by alQaida and other terrorist groups. As we pause this week to honor those we lost and the heroic first responders who answered the call that day, we recognize that the scope of the threat we face has changed dramatically since that time and has become much more diverse and diffuse. We know that the terrorist groups have long strived to employ chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear materials in their attacks. There have been documented reports of ISIS using mustard gas in Syria, as well as sarin and chlorine gas used by the Syrian Government. A plot to release hydrogen sulfide via an improvised chemical dispersion device was uncovered by the Australian Federal Police. A laptop, reportedly retrieved from an ISIS hideout in Syria in 2014, contained plans for bubonic plague and a document that discussed the advantages of using biological weapons. The rapid evolution of new biological techniques, such as CRISPR CAS9, posed potential threats as the new techniques can be used for good or evil. As the world of threats continues to evolve and becomes more complex, it is incumbent upon the Department of Homeland Security to continuously assess whether or not it is optimally organized to best confront the variety of threats it is expected to counter. Last year, former Acting Secretary Elaine Duke determined that the Department was, in fact, not organized to best address these threats. As a result, on October 6, she notified the committee of her intent to use her 872 reorganization authority to establish a Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction, or CWMD, Office, headed by an Assistant Secretary for CWMD. This reorganization took effect last December. However, the Secretary realized that the use of her 872 authority would only take her so far, and legislative changes are necessary to fully integrate the CWMD Office. The bill we are considering today will take the Department the rest of the way in developing an integrated, effective organization to counter CBRN threats. The bill seeks to ensure that the Department of Homeland Security has the structure, authority, and tools it needs to counter the threat of weapons of mass destruction. It consolidates the Office of Health Affairs and the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office into a new Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office to ensure coordination and unity of effort at the Department of Homeland Security on these threats. Current DHS Secretary Nielsen has indicated that this bill is one of her top legislative priorities, noting that it will: ‘‘Provide DHS crucial, legal authorities to protect the homeland . . . and enable DHS to more quickly obtain, test, and deploy effective counter WMD tactics and technologies.’’ Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter from Secretary Nielsen in support of this bill. 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, August 30, 2018. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARSPEAKER RYAN: Thank you for your leadership addressing threats to the homeland and strengthening the Department of Homeland Security’s (DHS) ability to carry out its mission. I would like to highlight the work being done in Congress to close identified security gaps and better guard against the persistent and evolving threat from weapons of mass destruction (WMD). As we saw with the Russian chemical weapon incidents in the United Kingdom, nationstates are using these capabilities for lethal attacks against civilians. At the same time, terrorist groups such as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) are developing and deploying their own WMD capabilities to use on the battlefield and in external operations in the West. Unfortunately, the U.S. Government—including the Department of Homeland Security—lacks the central focal point and authorities needed to decisively combat these dangers and adequately defend the U.S. homeland. That is why I am seeking your assistance in authorizing the DHS Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction (CWMD) Office. This is one of my top legislative priorities for DHS, in addition to authorizing DHS to counter the threat posed by the nefarious use of unmanned aircraft systems and authorization of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, as well as DHS itself. The CWMD legislation sponsored by Representative Donovan (R–NY) and cosponsored by Chairman McCaul (R–TX), H.R. 6198, the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018, represents a critical step towards enabling the Department to mitigate WMD threats. I strongly support this bill’s movement under suspension of the rules at the earliest possible opportunity. Once enacted, the legislation will permanently establish the CWMD Office as the nucleus of DHS efforts to guard the homeland against chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear threats, and it will provide DHS crucial legal authorities to protect the homeland. DHS currently has broad authorities related to the radiological and nuclear detection mission space, but the lack of similar authorities for chemical and biological missions constrains our ability to address threats comprehensively. This legislation would address that disparity and will enable DHS to more quickly obtain, test, and deploy effective counter WMD tactics and technologies. Similar bill language has been reported out of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs committee as part of the DHS Authorization bill, H.R. 2825, so I am hopeful that nearterm House passage will bring this legislation closer to reaching the President’s desk. Thank you again for your attention to this important matter, and for your continued support of the men and women at DHS, who are committed to protecting this Nation. Best Regards, KIRSTJEN M. N IELSEN , Secretary. 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, the bill we are considering today is similar in intent to the Department of Homeland Security CBRNE Defense Act, which passed the House by voice last Congress. Similar legislation was approved by the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs earlier this year, and I am hopeful we will work together to swiftly get this important bill to the President for his signature. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman WALDEN of the Energy and Commerce Committee for working with me to bring this bill to the floor. I urge all Members to join me in supporting H.R. 6198, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, September 10, 2018. Hon. MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I am writing to notify you that the Committee on Energy and Commerce will forgo action on H.R. 6198 so that it may proceed to the House floor for consideration. This is done with the understanding that the Committee’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or altered. In addition, the Committee reserves the right to seek conferees on the bill and expects your support when such a request is made. Please include a copy of this letter outlining our mutual understanding with respect to H.R. 6198 in the Congressional Record during consideration of the bill on the House floor. Sincerely, GREGWALDEN , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, September 11, 2018. Hon. GREGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 6198, the ‘‘Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Energy and Commerce will forego further consideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security concurs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of this bill at this time, the Committee on Energy and Commerce does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee represented on the conference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6198, the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018. This bill authorizes the Department of Homeland Security to reorganize itself in order to prevent, prepare for, and respond to a biological, chemical, radiological, or nuclear attack. Yesterday, we came together to mark the 17th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. As a proud New Jerseyan, I carry those images of that day in the work that I do in Congress and on the Committee on Homeland Security. Today, in a small way, we are here to honor the loss and sacrifice Americans felt that day by positioning DHS to better address emerging terrorist threats. Plans to reorganize DHS’ biological, chemical, radiological, and nuclear programs first surfaced in the Obama administration. In December 2017, thenActing DHS Secretary Elaine Duke exercised her statutory authority to reorganize elements within the Department to establish a new Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. The CWMD Office merged the functions of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office, DNDO; the majority of the Office of Health Affairs, OHA; parts of Science and Technology Directorate, S&T; parts of DHS Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans, SPP; and DHS Office of Operations Coordination, OPS. Though many of us in Congress were disappointed that DHS acted without explicit congressional authorization to make this major operational change, the reorganization appears to have been effective in harmonizing efforts within DHS. I am pleased that the legislation before you today contains language authored to ensure that CWMD Office leverages research and development resources and capabilities by coordinating with the Science and Technology Directorate. H.R. 6198 also contains language, already passed by the House, to authorize the Securing the Cities program. Securing the Cities is an important tool to protecting New York City and other major metropolitan areas. Mr. Speaker, I would encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL), the distinguished chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act to help protect our homeland from the world’s most dangerous weapons. Yesterday, we observed the 17th anniversary of the 9/11 terror attacks. On that day in 2001, 19 Islamist terrorists turned airplanes into cruise missiles and crashed them into the Twin Towers, the Pentagon, and a field in Shanksville, Pennsylvania. Had it not been for the heroic passengers on United Airlines flight 93, this very building, the Capitol, could have been destroyed. Almost 3,000 innocent people were killed and thousands more injured. It was the most devastating attack on our homeland in our Nation’s history, targeting our military, economic, and political symbols of power. While attending a memorial service at the Pentagon yesterday, many of us remembered the images from 9/11 and they returned to me: the towers falling, the Pentagon on fire, and our brave first responders running into 
harm’s way to save their fellow citizens. I also remembered that in the aftermath of the attack, we pledged to never forget: never forget the pain we felt, never forget the victims, and never forget that our enemies will search for new ways to attack our country. Today, the most serious threats to our national security come from biological, chemical, and nuclear weapons. Over the last few decades, North Korea has been developing nuclear weapons and intercontinental ballistic missiles to deliver them. The terrorsponsoring regime in Iran has also been building a nuclear program, and Bashar alAssad’s evil dictatorship in Syria has used chemical weapons to kill innocent civilians, including women and children. Russia recently used a chemical weapon in an assassination attempt in Great Britain, and reports of terror groups like alQaida have been in pursuit of weapons of mass destruction for many, many years. These weapons are real and lethal. A WMD attack in the United States could kill millions of people and bring economic mayhem. We cannot allow these weapons to be used on our soil. To prevent this from happening, we must give the Department of Homeland Security the authority it needs to counter the threat. This legislation will consolidate the Office of Health Affairs and the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office, along with other department programs, into a Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. I personally talked to the Secretary who strongly supports this legislation. I believe DHS is making good progress in this direction, but this legislation will ensure that they have the necessary authorities to counter these dangerous threats. This is an opportunity, I believe, for both parties on the day after 9/11—both Republican and Democrat, as we do so many times on this committee—to come together and pass legislation that will strengthen our homeland. I would like to thank Congressman DONOVAN from New York, where this awful, tragic event happened 17 years ago, for all of his hard work on this issue, and Congressman PAYNE , who has always been a team player, if you will, on the other side of the aisle, for working together to get good things done for the country which will better protect the American people. b1445 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, in closing, the ultimate success of the CWMD Office rests with the dedicated men and women who have served at the Department. The threat landscape is diverse, with conventional and nonconventional threats emerging daily. It is critical that we stay vigilant and do all we can to ensure that the Federal Department we established in response to the 9/11 attacks is positioned to meet the demands of the current threat landscape. By passing H.R. 6198, we can do our part to set the CWMD Office on a positive course. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6198, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6198, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DOG AND CAT MEAT TRADE PROHIBITION ACT OF 2018 Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6720) to prohibit the slaughter of dogs and cats for human consumption, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6720 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Dog and Cat Meat Trade Prohibition Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. PROHIBITION ON SLAUGHTER OF DOGS AND CATS FOR HUMAN CONSUMPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (c), no person may— (1) knowingly slaughter a dog or cat for human consumption; or (2) knowingly ship, transport, move, deliver, receive, possess, purchase, sell, or donate— (A) a dog or cat to be slaughtered for human consumption; or (B) a dog or cat part for human consumption. (b) SCOPE.—Subsection (a) shall apply only with respect to conduct— (1) in interstate commerce or foreign commerce; or (2) within the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States. (c) EXCEPTION FOR INDIAN TRIBES .—The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to an Indian (as defined in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)) carrying out any activity described in subsection (a) for the purpose of a religious ceremony. (d) PENALTY .—Any person who violates subsection (a) shall be subject to a fine in an amount not greater than $5,000 for each violation. (e) EFFECT ONSTATE LAW.—Nothing in this section— (1) limits any State or local law or regulation protecting the welfare of animals; or (2) prevents a State or unit of local government from adopting and enforcing an animal welfare law or regulation that is more stringent than this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) and the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6720, to prohibit the slaughter of dogs and cats for human consumption, and for other purposes. While this practice is completely unacceptable in the United States, only four States explicitly ban it. This patchwork of State laws does not signal the appropriate protection we Americans expect for our beloved pets and companions. To credibly condemn the international dog and cat meat trade, including the Yulin Dog Meat Festival in China, the United States must send a clear message that this practice is completely unacceptable. This overwhelmingly bipartisan legislation is a crucial step in doing just that. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 6720, the Dog and Cat Meat Trade Prohibition Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my colleague, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) and this bipartisan legislation. The Dog and Cat Meat Trade Prohibition Act calls for an end to the global dog and cat meat trade. Sixtyeight percent of Americans own pets. We treat our pets as members of the family. That is why I am surprised to learn that we don’t already have a law on the books that prevents the killing of dogs and cats for their meat. While this remains an extremely rare issue in the United States, the practice does occur elsewhere in the world. By passing this bill, Congress will outlaw the slaughter and transfer of dogs and cats for human consumption in the United States. The farm bill currently in conference includes similar language from both the House and the Senate, so regardless of what our colleagues across the Hill do on this important issue, we can send an important message today. With this legislation, we have the chance to be a leader and set an example for those countries in which the cat and dog meat trade is most prevalent, including South Korea, Vietnam, Thailand, China, and elsewhere. By passing 
this bill, we draw a clear line on this issue and send a message to the world that we will hold countries who abide this practice accountable. It should be pointed out that while prohibiting the killing of dogs and cats for food may be seen as a nobrainer, this legislation does take a sensitive approach to the issue with regard to the diverse cultural practices within our great Nation. I appreciate the work of the two gentlemen from Florida, Messrs. BUCHANAN and H ASTINGS , and their leadership on this issue. It is an opportunity to come together, and we should be united in our opposition to this unconscionable practice. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ), my distinguished colleague. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues today to voice my strong support for H.R. 6720, the Dog and Cat Meat Trade Prohibition Act of 2018. It is critical that every single Member of this Chamber live up to our responsibilities to be a voice for the voiceless, and banning the individual sale of dog and cat meat is vital, clearly, to fulfilling that obligation. Mr. Speaker, in my district of Bucks and Montgomery Counties, as is the case across this Nation, our pets are members of the family who contribute greatly to our society. In particular, dogs serve as invaluable partners in law enforcement, our military, and as service animals. Today, we have before us bipartisan, commonsense legislation that protects these animals at the most basic level. It seems obvious that, in this day and age, dogs and cats are not edible species, period. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Florida (Mr. BUCHANAN ) for introducing this vital legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it in a bipartisan fashion to show a united front against the horrors of the dog and cat meat trade. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), my very distinguished colleague. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished colleague and good friend from the Virgin Islands as well as the distinguished gentleman from Louisiana for putting this measure forward today. Obviously, I support H.R. 6720, to prohibit the slaughter of dogs and cats for human consumption. I was pleased to join my distinguished colleague and co chairman of the Florida delegation, Congressman VERN BUCHANAN , in reintroducing the measure. It might surprise you to learn that consumption of dogs and cats is still legal in 44 States, where there are no laws prohibiting the purchasing, shipping, transporting, selling, or donating of dogs or cats to be slaughtered for human consumption. This bill would prohibit these actions and impose penalties to ensure that individuals involved in the dog or cat meat trade are held accountable. The United States’ position on this cruel and brutal practice should be unequivocal: Dogs and cats should not be killed in this country for the consumption of their meat. It is with the utmost importance that we unify our animal cruelty laws in all 50 States and explicitly ban the torture and killing of dogs and cats for human consumption. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman BUCHANAN for his steadfast leadership in raising awareness on animal welfare issues in Congress, and I also give a big shoutout to all those who have helped us put this measure together in the United States, the number of people who have been involved. I hope this body will expeditiously pass the measure. Doing so will reaffirm the United States’ commitment to the humane treatment of our most beloved companions. I might add, I misspoke a minute ago when I said the 50 States. I mean the 50 States and its territories should explicitly ban the torture. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the bill. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I simply urge all Members to join me in support of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the passage of H.R. 6720, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MCCAUL). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6720. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FIGHTING FRAUD TO PROTECT CARE FOR SENIORS ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6690) to establish a smart card pilot program to combat fraud, waste, and abuse and to protect beneficiary identity under the Medicare program, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6690 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fighting Fraud to Protect Care for Seniors Act of 2018’’. SEC. 2. MEDICARE SMART CARD PILOT PROGRAM. 
Part E of title XVIII of the Social Security Act is amended by inserting after section 1866E the following new section: 
‘‘(a) I MPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 36 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall establish a pilot program (in this section referred to as the ‘pilot program’) to evaluate the feasibility of using smart card technology under this title. ‘‘(2) SMART CARD TECHNOLOGY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘smart card technology’ means the following: ‘‘(A) BENEFICIARY SMART CARD .—A machine readable, tamperresistant card (in this section referred to as a ‘smart card’) that includes an embedded integrated circuit chip with a secure microcontroller (as defined by the National Institute on Standards and Technology) that enables the verification and secure, electronic authentication of the identity of a Medicare beneficiary at the point of service through a combination of the smart card and a personal identification number known by or associated with such beneficiary. ‘‘(B) CARD READER TECHNOLOGY .—Informa tion technology that enables a supplier and provider to authenticate the identity of a Medicare beneficiary through presentation of such a smart card and such components, with such authentication to be reflected through the use of a modifier or in another appropriate manner, as determined by the Secretary, in the claims adjudication process. ‘‘(3) PROGRAM DESIGN ELEMENTS .—The pilot program shall be conducted for a period of 3 years consistent with the following: ‘‘(A) SELECTION OF AREA .—In consultation with the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, the Secretary shall select at least 3 geographic areas in which the pilot program will operate. ‘‘(B) SELECTION OF SUPPLIER AND PROVIDER  
TYPES .—In consultation with the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, the Secretary shall select supplier and provider types that will be required to participate in the pilot program (referred to in this section as ‘participating suppliers and providers’). In selecting such supplier and provider types, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) take into account the risk of fraud, waste, and abuse (as described in section 1866(j)(2)(B)) with respect to the category of provider or supplier) and other factors as determined appropriate by the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) limit the pilot program to no more than 2,000 suppliers and providers. ‘‘(C) SUPPLIER AND PROVIDER HARDSHIP EX EMPTIONS .—The Secretary shall exempt from participation in the pilot program a supplier or provider that either— ‘‘(i) does not have access to card reader technology (as described in paragraph (2)(B)); ‘‘(ii) does not have sufficient internet access; or ‘‘(iii) has a low volume (as determined by the Secretary) of Medicare claims for which payment is made under this title. ‘‘(D) SMART CARD AND SMART CARD READER  
ISSUANCE .— ‘‘(i) BENEFICIARY SMART CARD ISSUANCE .—The Secretary shall provide for, at no cost, the issuance (and, if necessary, replacement) of beneficiary smart cards described in paragraph (2)(A) to all Medicare beneficiaries residing in a geographic area in which the pilot program is conducted under subparagraph (A). Information that appears on Medicare cards used outside the pilot program may appear on the face of the beneficiary smart card. ‘‘(ii) SUPPLIER AND PROVIDER SMART CARD  
READER ISSUANCE .—At the request of a participating supplier or provider, the Secretary shall provide for, at no cost, the issuance to such supplier or provider of smart card hardware and 
software necessary to participate in the pilot program. ‘‘(E) INFORMATION ON OPERATION OF PILOT  
PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall provide participating suppliers and providers and Medicare beneficiaries who are furnished items and services by such suppliers and providers, with information on the operation of the pilot program, including privacy protections described in subparagraph (I). ‘‘(F) ACCESS TO SERVICES OUTSIDE THE PILOT  
PROGRAM .— ‘‘(i) BENEFICIARIES .—Medicare beneficiaries who receive beneficiary smart cards may receive items and services from suppliers and providers not participating in the pilot program. ‘‘(ii) SUPPLIERS AND PROVIDER CLAIMS .— ‘‘(I) SUPPLIERS AND PROVIDERS NOT PARTICI PATING IN PILOT .—Suppliers and providers not participating in the pilot program may submit claims under this title for items and services furnished without use of smart card technology to Medicare beneficiaries who receive beneficiary smart cards. ‘‘(II) PARTICIPATING SUPPLIERS AND PRO VIDERS FURNISHING SERVICES TO NON PARTICI PATING BENEFICIARIES .—Supplier and providers participating in the pilot program may submit claims under this title for items and services furnished to Medicare beneficiaries who do not receive beneficiary smart cards. ‘‘(G) CLARIFICATION ON ACCESS TO SERVICES  
WITHOUT SMART CARDS .—In the case of a Medicare beneficiary who receives a beneficiary smart card and does not present such card at the time of receipt of items or services from a participating supplier or provider, the participating supplier or provider— ‘‘(i) shall furnish such items or services to such Medicare beneficiary as if such beneficiary does present such card; ‘‘(ii) may submit claims under this title for such items or services; and ‘‘(iii) shall provide, in accordance with such manner, process, and timing as specified by the Secretary, information to the Secretary (through the contractor described in subparagraph (H)) that such beneficiary received such a smart card but did not have the smart card at the time the items or services were furnished. ‘‘(H) PRIVATE SECTOR IMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall select, by using a competitive procurement process in accordance with the provisions of chapter 1 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations), a private sector contractor to implement and operate the pilot program. ‘‘(I) PRIVACY PROTECTIONS .—The Secretary shall ensure that the pilot program complies with applicable Federal laws and regulations concerning individually identifiable health information, including the Privacy Act of 1974 and regulations promulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and such individually identifiable information shall be exempt from disclosure under section 552(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(J) MANDATORY PARTICIPATION .—Subject to subparagraph (C), in the case of items or services furnished by a provider or supplier included in a supplier or provider type selected under subparagraph (B) in a geographic area selected under subparagraph (A), payment may only be made under this title for such items or services during the period of the pilot program if the provider or supplier is participating in the pilot program. ‘‘(K) PROHIBITION OF SMART CARD FEES .—No transaction, utilization, or other fees may be imposed on Medicare beneficiaries or participating suppliers and providers with respect to the use of smart cards under the pilot program. ‘‘(4) STAKEHOLDER INPUT .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall convene a panel consisting of stakeholders (including representatives of providers, suppliers, technology vendors, Medicare beneficiaries, and claims processing contractors) selected by the Secretary for purposes of providing input to the Secretary on the implementation of the pilot program (including on the selection of areas and participants under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (3) and the development of exemptions and requirements described in such paragraph). ‘‘(B) NONAPPLICABILITY OF FACA .—The Fed eral Advisory Committee Act shall not apply to the panel convened pursuant to subparagraph (A). ‘‘(5) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(A) The terms ‘supplier’ and ‘provider’ have the meanings given the terms ‘supplier’ and ‘provider of services’ in subsections (d) and (u), respectively, of section 1861. ‘‘(B) The term ‘Medicare beneficiary’ means an individual who is enrolled in the original Medicare feeforservice program under parts A and B and is not enrolled in an MA plan under part C, an eligible organization under section 1876, or a PACE program under section 1894. ‘‘(b) REPORTS TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall submit to Congress the following reports: ‘‘(1) INTERIM PERFORMANCE REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date the pilot program is implemented, an interim report on the performance of such program. ‘‘(2) FINAL PERFORMANCE REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the completion of the pilot program, a final evaluation on the effectiveness of the pilot program. The report shall include the following: ‘‘(A) An evaluation of the effect of the pilot program on potential fraud under the insurance programs established under this title. ‘‘(B) A description of any barriers to implementation of the pilot program. ‘‘(C) Participant feedback on the pilot program. ‘‘(D) Recommendations regarding the future use of smart cards to address fraud under this title. ‘‘(E) Data on the information provided under subsection (a)(3)(G)(iii).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ABRAHAM ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 6690, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we have an opportunity to do something together on a bipartisan basis that can bring a level of confidence to a program that all of us cherish and all of us want to defend, and that is Medicare. Medicare is an incredibly popular program. It is a necessary program, and it is a program that needs all of us to defend it, particularly on the integrity side. If Medicare were to ask CMS today what their fraudulent or erroneous payment rate is, those two numbers together, they would come back and they would tell them it is about 10 percent. So, in other words, about $40 billion a year, Mr. Speaker, is going out the door not to benefit seniors, but it is going out the door either fraudulently or erroneously. I thank Mr. BLUMENAUER from Oregon because, together, we have been working on this concept which would apply the same type of technology that we see in so many other parts of the economy right now, and that is smart card technology, and use it in a Medicare setting. The proposal is this: Let’s try it. Let’s see how it works. Let’s have a pilot program. Toward that end, what we are hoping and the expectation is that the same types of savings that we have seen in the private sector we will see in this sector to make sure that seniors are protected, not only the funds that seniors have come to rely on, but their identities and so forth. This is a concept, again, that Mr. BLUMENAUER and I have worked on. I thank Chairman BRADY for his work on this bill and the attention that this has gotten on a bipartisan basis. b1500 I think it is particularly interesting to note that AARP has weighed in very strongly in favor of it. Let me just read one quick snapshot from a letter that they sent to Mr. BLUMENAUER and me at the end of August, and I will just give you a couple of sentences. ‘‘While the new cards are more secure than before, ‘smart cards’ could provide even greater security, and have the potential to contain useful health information and facilitate care. If enacted, this pilot program would also help Medicare learn more about the beneficiary engagement and education. This technology deserves to be tested and evaluated.’’ Mr. Speaker, in a nutshell, this is a proposal to create a pilot program. I urge its passage, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 7, 2018. Hon. GREGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN WALDEN : I write to you regarding several health bills the Committee on Ways and Means ordered favorably reported to the House. The following bills were also referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. I ask that the Committee on Energy and Commerce waive formal consideration of the following bills so that they may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor: H.R. 6662, Empowering Seniors’ Enrollment Decision Act of 2018; H.R. 6690, Fighting Fraud to Protect Care for Seniors Act of 2018; H.R. 6561, Comprehensive Care for Seniors Act of 2018; and H.R. 3635, Local Coverage Determination Clarification Act of 2018. I acknowledge that by waiving formal consideration of the bills, the Committee on Energy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bills that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of 
an appropriate number of conferees on any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, September 7, 2018. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 3635, Local Coverage Determination Clarification Act of 2018; H.R. 6561, Comprehensive Care for Seniors Act of 2018; H.R. 6662, Empowering Seniors’ Enrollment Decision Act of 2018; and H.R. 6690, Fighting Fraud to Protect Care for Seniors Act of 2018. The Committee on Energy and Commerce will forgo consideration of both bills so that they may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. I appreciate your assurance that by forgoing action on these bills, the Committee is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in the bills. I also appreciate your offer of support for the appointment of conferees from the Committee to any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. Sincerely, GREGWALDEN , Chairman. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is the first of four bills that came out of the Ways and Means Committee. They came out without much controversy. The only one that really had any is this first bill. I am not sure we will have any speakers on our side. I will say a few words about this bill in a few minutes. I first want to talk a bit about bipartisanship. These four bills do have some bipartisanship. Unfortunately, what isn’t bipartisan is the basic dispute about healthcare and about the continuation of the reform that we on the Democratic side started some years ago with our President. It has turned out to be an important piece of legislation—I think historic— and the more people look at it and the more they are covered by it, the greater the support for it. Unfortunately, unlike the bipartisanship in these four bills, ACA continues to be hit by the worst kind of partisanship and continued efforts to undermine and destroy it. In October 2017, the administration ended costsharing reduction subsidies. That has led to premium increases of 20 to 25 percent across the Nation. In June of this year, the Trump administration expanded the reach of junk insurance policies that have weakened the risk pool, and these policies are not subject to consumer protections. In July, we saw the impact of this firsthand in Michigan. The administration announced another cut in so called navigator organizations. They slashed the funding from $63 million just 2 years ago to $10 million. It had an impact throughout this country, and I saw firsthand what it meant in the State of Michigan. Essentially, the administration said we are going to cut and essentially eliminate help for outreach to people in terms of their knowing about the ACA and how, as millions of others have, they can obtain coverage. I think maybe most disturbing, last week, the Federal court heard arguments in Texas v. the United States. It is a lawsuit launched by Republicans that could jeopardize healthcare for 130 million patients living with preexisting conditions. The Republicans like to point to language that says that won’t happen. But essentially, I think they have their heads in the sand on this if the court were to rule in favor of the suit. I think, to the disgrace of the administration, they decided not to defend the government’s position. So we are here today with bipartisan bills, and it is really sad—indeed, worse than that. We haven’t had a single hearing on any of the issues I mentioned. And the Republicans, while they come here and talk about bipartisanship, which has been so essential until recent years when it comes to healthcare, they now essentially are engaging in very partisan efforts to undermine healthcare for millions and millions of people. So let me just say, Mr. Speaker, a brief word about this. Mr. ROSKAM has been working on this for a long time, working with Mr. BLUMENAUER , and I think the gentleman’s efforts to strive for some bipartisanship have been a positive. As I said at the beginning, of all four bills, this one had the most discussion in our committee and had some disagreement. The smart card idea has been examined by a number of entities, including the Government Accountability Office. According to their 2016 report—and I have copies of their report of 2016, and there is also another report that relates to this—according to that, their estimate was that smart cards would help in only a minority of cases. In fact, of the 739 healthcare fraud cases that the GAO examined, only 18 would have been fully addressed had Medicare used these cards. That is only about 2 percent of the cases. Also, transition to smart cards is going to be significant, and the estimate is that it is going to cost about $40 million. As we discussed in the committee, some thought there might be a better use of this money. Be that as it may, this has been worked on, and Mr. ROSKAM and Mr. BLUMENAUER have combined forces to undertake this 3year pilot program. So under those circumstances, wishing we had more bipartisanship on healthcare issues that run more deeply and affect the needs of people even more broadly, with that caveat, I do not suggest anything but support for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I have no further conversation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. LEVIN for his observations about this bill, that it is created in a spirit of bipartisanship, and I appreciate his support for it. I think it is interesting, just a little bit of a point of clarification, because we were able to discuss in the committee the GAO report. There are two facets of it. There are two numbers, and those people who are tracking this closely will care about it. There is one 2 percent representation and then a 22 percent representation. Here is the story. The GAO said only 2 percent of cases that they evaluated would have been completely changed by this. I think if we were talking about any other thing in Medicare as it relates to 2 percent, we would be chasing it. Be that as it may, 2 percent would be completely changed. Twenty two percent of the cases they evaluated, however, would be impacted in some way. So the bottom line here is that we have an opportunity to adopt technology at a cost of about $40 million, we are told, to pursue $40 billion in fraud and error. That is good math any day of the week. Both sides of the aisle recognize it. Mr. Speaker, I urge its passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6690, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EMPOWERING SENIORS’ ENROLLMENT DECISION ACT OF 2018 Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6662) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to extend the special election period under part C of the Medicare program for certain deemed individuals enrolled in a reasonable cost reimbursement contract to certain nondeemed individuals enrolled in such contract, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6662 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Empowering Seniors’ Enrollment Decision Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENDING THE SPECIAL ELECTION PERIOD UNDER PART C OF THE MEDICARE PROGRAM FOR CERTAIN DEEMED INDIVIDUALS ENROLLED IN A REASONABLE COST REIMBURSEMENT CONTRACT TO ANY MA ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL ENROLLED IN SUCH A CONTRACT DURING THE FINAL YEAR SUCH A CONTRACT IS EXTENDED; EXTENDING CONVERSIONS OF REASONABLE COST REIMBURSEMENT CONTRACTS TO MA PLANS. 
(a) E XTENDING THE SPECIAL ELECTION PERIOD UNDER PART C OF THE MEDICARE PROGRAM FOR CERTAIN DEEMED INDIVIDUALS ENROLLED IN A REASONABLE COSTREIMBURSE MENT CONTRACT TO ANYMA E LIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL ENROLLED IN SUCH A CONTRACT DURING THE FINAL YEARSUCH A CONTRACT ISEXTENDED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 1851(e)(2)(F) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 21(e)(2)(F)) is amended— (A) in the header, by striking ‘‘
ELECTIONS ’’ and inserting ‘‘ INDIVIDUALS EN ROLLED IN A REASONABLE COST REIMBURSE MENT CONTRACT ’’; and (B) by amending clause (i) to read as follows: ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—With respect to a reasonable cost reimbursement contract under section 1876(h) that is not extended or renewed, an individual enrolled in the contract for the final year in which such contract is extended or renewed may, at any time during the period beginning after the last day of the annual, coordinated election period under paragraph (3) occurring during such final year and ending on the last day of February of the first plan year following such final year, change the election under subsection (a)(1) (including changing the MA plan or MA–PD plan in which the individual is enrolled) for such first plan year following such final year.’’. (2) CLARIFICATION RELATING TO DEEMED IN DIVIDUALS ENROLLED IN A REASONABLE REIM BURSEMENT CONTRACT .—Section 1851(c)(4)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 21(c)(4)(A)) is amended— (A) by amending clause (ii) to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) such previous plan year was the final year in which such contract was extended or renewed;’’; and (B) in clause (iii) by striking ‘‘subclause (III) of such section’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1876(h)(5)(C)(iv)(IV)’’. (b) EXTENDING CONVERSIONS OF REASON ABLE COST REIMBURSEMENT CONTRACTS TO  MA PLANS .—Section 1876(h)(5)(C) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395mm(h)(5)(C)) is amended— (1) in clause (iv)— (A) in subclause (I), by striking the last sentence; (B) by redesignating subclauses (I) through (V) as subclauses (II) through (VI), respectively; (C) by inserting before subclause (II), as so redesignated, the following subclause: ‘‘(I) The final year in which such contract is extended or renewed is referred to in this subsection as the ‘last reasonable cost reimbursement contract year for the contract’.’’; and (D) in subclause (V), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘subclause (III)’’ and inserting ‘‘subclause (IV)’’; and (2) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘that is extended or renewed pursuant to clause (iv) provides the notice described in clause (iv)(III)’’ and inserting ‘‘that is not to be extended or renewed provides the notice described in clause (iv)(IV)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 6662, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Minnesota? There was no objection. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, our seniors deserve to have adequate time to choose the Medicare plan that best fits their healthcare needs. This is especially important today for seniors who are currently enrolled in a Medicare cost plan that will be impacted by a mandatory transition date starting on January 1 of next year. That is why I authored and introduced this legislation, H.R. 6662, the Empowering Seniors’ Enrollment Decision Act, to ensure that cost plan enrollees have extra enrollment time when choosing a Medicare plan later this fall. I want to thank my colleague, Congressman KIND, for his work on this legislation, as well and his bipartisan support. It is recognized there are more than 630,000 cost plan enrollees nationwide. Approximately 400,000 of those enrollees are actually in my State in Minnesota. Now some cost plan beneficiaries will be allowed to stay with their current cost plan, and others will be deemed, or automatically enrolled, later at the end of this year to a new Medicare Advantage plan. Nondeemed beneficiaries, however, will be forced to shop for new Medicare coverage. This bipartisan bill we have before us today extends and moves the special enrollment period for all cost plan enrollees from December 8 until the end of February of next year, 2019. So the bill would essentially fix current law to allow cost plans to deem existing enrollees into new Medicare Advantage plans in future years. H.R. 6662 provides muchneeded certainty for our seniors. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the committee and Congressman KINDfor their work on partnering with this effort, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is a technical change, and it needed to be done. The special enrollment period did not initially apply to nondeemed enrollees. So to address this concern, CMS has promulgated regulations allowing nondeemed enrollees to participate in this special enrollment period. So what this bill does is to simply codify this regulation. So it is not clear that it is necessary to codify it, but, surely, there can be no harm. There is a need to take action, and, therefore, I support this bill. As I discussed earlier on this legislation, there was bipartisan support. I wish that that kind of bipartisanship had been spread to issues that aren’t technical and issues that involve the lives and health of millions of people. That never has been forthcoming. The opposite has been true. This is an example of bipartisanship on this specific technical issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge support, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, just to remind our Members, I want to thank Mr. LEVIN for his comments on the bipartisan components of this bill as well. The bill does provide and ensure that there is certainty for our seniors who may need a little bit of extra time as they navigate their Medicare choices and they decide which choices and options are best for them. This can be a cumbersome and confusing process. I want to thank, again, Representative KIND, my colleague, for his work on this bill. We look forward to having a strong bipartisan vote in the House as it moves forward. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1515 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6662, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to extend the special election period under part C of the Medicare program for certain deemed individuals enrolled in a reasonable cost reimbursement contract to any Medicare Advantage eligible individual enrolled in such a contract during the final year such contract is extended, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
COMPREHENSIVE CARE FOR SENIORS ACT OF 2018 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6561) to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to finalize certain proposed provisions relating to the Programs of AllInclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE) under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6561 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Comprehensive Care for Seniors Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES TO ISSUE A FINAL REGULATION BASED ON THE PROPOSED REGULATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMS OF ALLINCLUSIVE CARE FOR THE ELDERLY (PACE) UNDER THE MEDICARE AND MEDICAID PROGRAMS. 
Not later than December 31, 2018, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue a final regulation based on the provisions of the proposed regulation titled ‘‘Medicare and Medicaid Programs; Programs of AllInclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE)’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 54666). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Indiana. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 6561, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Indiana? There was no objection. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6561, the Comprehensive Care for Seniors Act of 2018. This bipartisan legislation would require the Secretary of HHS to finalize updated regulations for the Programs of AllInclusive Care for the Elderly, commonly known as PACE, while still giving the Secretary the flexibility to make updates and changes to the proposed regulation. The PACE program is a proven model for delivering highquality, comprehensive, communitybased healthcare for seniors. It helps seniors whose health conditions would otherwise land them in a nursing home to remain in their homes for as long as possible by allowing them to see health professionals and social service providers at local PACE centers. There are currently 123 PACE organizations in 31 States that serve over 45,000 Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries, enabling them to live safely in the community through the fully integrated services and support provided. This allows beneficiaries to live longer, experience better health, and have fewer hospital visits. Seniors facing health challenges should have the option to receive highquality healthcare while continuing to live at home, and programs like St. Joseph PACE in Mishawaka, in my district, allow them to do just that. In 2016, CMS released a proposed rule to update the original guidelines from 2006. A bipartisan group of Members of Congress sent letters in November of 2017 and June of 2018 urging CMS to prioritize updating the existing regulatory framework, which is more than a decade old. The agency has, unfortunately, not taken any action. This muchneeded update would allow PACE programs to customize their interdisciplinary team around the needs of each enrollee, provide more services in the community, and give greater flexibility to partner with community providers. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, my colleague from Indiana has described very well the purpose of this legislation. There are, I think, at least five sponsors of this legislation, Democrats and Republicans, and it is another example of bipartisanship on a rather technical issue, technical in this sense. There was always a need for regulation, and CMS proposed, now, 2 years ago, a regulation updating the requirements governing PACE. Unfortunately, under this present administration, CMS has not finalized these rules. What this bill essentially requires is that CMS finalize these regulations by December 31, 2018. Hopefully, that can occur before 2031. We sometimes do too much on December 31 of a year. I have been here in session a few times on December 31, I think. Mr. Speaker, I support this bill and recommend its passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues, Representatives JENKINS , BLUMENAUER , CHU, KIND, BILIRAKIS , DINGELL , and C HRIS SMITH, for their hard work getting this bill to this point and their previous work on this issue. The PACE program is long overdue for an update. This bipartisan, commonsense legislation will ensure improvements are made quickly so more seniors can live in their communities longer. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleague to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6561, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to issue a final regulation based on the proposed regulation relating to the Programs of AllInclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE) under the Medicare and Medicaid programs.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. LOCAL COVERAGE DETERMINATION CLARIFICATION ACT OF 2018 Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3635) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act in order to improve the process whereby medicare administrative contractors issue local coverage determinations under the Medicare program, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3635 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Local Coverage Determination Clarification Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. IMPROVEMENTS IN THE MEDICARE LOCAL COVERAGE DETERMINATION (LCD) PROCESS FOR SPECIFIED LCDS. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT PROCESS FOR SPECIFIED  LCDS.—Section 1862(l)(5)(D) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395y(l)(5)(D)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(D) PROCESS FOR ISSUING SPECIFIED LOCAL  
COVERAGE DETERMINATIONS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—In the case of a specified local coverage determination (as defined in clause (iii)) within an area by a medicare administrative contractor, such medicare administrative contractor must take the following actions with respect to such determination before such determination may take effect: ‘‘(I) Publish on the public Internet website of the intermediary or carrier a proposed version of the specified local coverage determination (in this subparagraph referred to as a ‘draft determination’), a written rationale for the draft determination, and a description of all evidence relied upon and considered by the intermediary or carrier in the development of the draft determination. ‘‘(II) Not later than 60 days after the date on which the intermediary or carrier publishes the draft determination in accordance with subclause (I), convene one or more open, public meetings to review the draft determination, receive comments with respect to the draft determination, and secure the advice of an expert panel (such as a carrier advisory committee described in chapter 13 of the Medicare Program Integrity Manual in effect on August 31, 2015) with respect to the draft determination. The intermediary or carrier shall make available means for the public to attend such meetings remotely, such as via teleconference. ‘‘(III) With respect to each meeting convened pursuant to subclause (II), post on the public Internet website of the intermediary or carrier, not later than 14 days after such meeting is convened, a record of the minutes for such meeting, which may be a recording of the meeting. ‘‘(IV) Provide a period for submission of written public comment on such draft determination that begins on the date on which all records required to be posted with respect to such draft determination under subclause (III) are so posted and that is not fewer than 30 days in duration. ‘‘(ii) FINALIZING A SPECIFIED LOCAL COV ERAGE DETERMINATION .—A fiscal intermediary or carrier that has entered into a contract with the Secretary under section 1874A shall, with respect to a specified local coverage determination, post on the public Internet website of the fiscal intermediary or carrier the following information before 
the specified local coverage determination (in this subparagraph referred to as the ‘final determination’) takes effect— ‘‘(I) a response to the relevant issues raised at meetings convened pursuant to clause (i)(II) with respect to the draft determination; ‘‘(II) the rationale for the final determination; ‘‘(III) in the case that the intermediary or carrier considered qualifying evidence (as defined in clause (v)) that was not described in the written notice provided pursuant to clause (i)(I), a description of such qualifying evidence; and ‘‘(IV) an effective date for the final determination that is not less than 30 days after the date on which such determination is so posted. ‘‘(iii) SPECIFIED LOCAL COVERAGE DETER MINATION DEFINED .—For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘specified local coverage determination’ means, with respect to the relevant geographic area— ‘‘(I) a new local coverage determination; ‘‘(II) a revised local coverage determination for such geographic area that restricts one or more existing terms of coverage for such area (such as by adding requirement to an existing local coverage determination that results in decreased coverage or by deleting previously covered ICD–9 or ICD–10 codes (for reasons other than routine coding changes)); ‘‘(III) a revised local coverage determination that makes a substantive revision to one or more existing local coverage determinations; or ‘‘(IV) any other local coverage determination specified by the Secretary pursuant to regulations. ‘‘(iv) QUALIFYING EVIDENCE DEFINED .—For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘qualifying evidence’ means publicly available evidence of general acceptance by the medical community, such as published original research in peerreviewed medical journals, systematic reviews and metaanalyses, evidencebased consensus statements, and clinical guidelines.’’. (b) LCD RECONSIDERATION PROCESS .—Sec tion 1869(f) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ff(f)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ‘‘(including the reconsiderations described in paragraphs (8) and (9))’’ after ‘‘local coverage determination’’; (2) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘(except for a reconsideration described in paragraphs (8) and (9))’’ after ‘‘the coverage determination’’; (3) by redesignating paragraph (8) as paragraph (13); and (4) by inserting after paragraph (7) the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(8) CARRIER OR FISCAL INTERMEDIARY RE CONSIDERATION PROCESS FOR SPECIFIED LOCAL  
COVERAGE DETERMINATIONS .—Upon the filing of a request by an interested party (as defined in paragraph (11)(B))with respect to a specified local coverage determination by a fiscal intermediary or carrier that has entered into a contract with the Secretary under section 1874A, the intermediary or carrier shall reconsider such determination in accordance with the following process: ‘‘(A) Not later than 30 days after such a request is filed with the fiscal intermediary or carrier by the interested party with respect to such determination, the intermediary or carrier shall— ‘‘(i) determine whether the request is an applicable request; and ‘‘(ii) in the case that the request is not an applicable request, inform the interested party of the reasons why such request is not an applicable request. ‘‘(B) In the case that the intermediary or carrier determines under subparagraph (A) that the request described in such subparagraph is an applicable request, the intermediary or carrier shall, not later than 90 days after the date on which the request was filed with the intermediary or carrier, take the actions described in subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) with respect to the determination. ‘‘(C) The action described in this subparagraph is the action of specifying whether any of the following statements is applicable to the determination: ‘‘(i) The determination did not reasonably consider qualifying evidence relevant to such determination. ‘‘(ii) The determination used language that exceeded the scope of the intended purpose of the determination. ‘‘(iii) The determination was incorrect in its determination of whether such item or service is reasonable and necessary for the diagnosis or treatment of illness or injury under section 1862(a)(1)(A). ‘‘(iv) The determination failed to describe, with respect to such an item or service, the clinical conditions to be used for purposes of determining whether such item or service is reasonable and necessary for the diagnosis or treatment of illness or injury under section 1862(a)(1)(A). ‘‘(v) The determination does not apply with respect to items or services to which it was intended to apply. ‘‘(vi) The determination is erroneous for another reason that the intermediary or carrier identifies. ‘‘(D) The action described in this subparagraph, with respect to the determination, is the action of taking, based on the specification under subparagraph (C) of whether any of the statements in such subparagraph applied to such determination, one or more of the following actions: ‘‘(i) Making no change in the determination. ‘‘(ii) Rescinding all or a part of the determination. ‘‘(iii) Modifying the determination to restrict the coverage provided under this title for an item or service that is subject to the determination. ‘‘(iv) Modifying the determination to expand the coverage provided under this title for an item or service that is subject to the determination. ‘‘(E) The action described in this subparagraph is the action of making publicly available a written description of the action taken under subparagraph (D) with respect to the determination, including the evidence considered by the medicare administrative contractor. ‘‘(9) AGENCY REVIEW OF RECONSIDERATION  
DECISION .—The Secretary shall establish a process to review a medicare administrative contractor’s technical compliance with the requirements, including ensuring that the medicare administrative contractor independently reviewed the evidence involved, of the reconsideration under paragraph (8). ‘‘(10) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in paragraph (8) may be construed as affecting the right of an aggrieved party to file a complaint under paragraph (2)(A) and receive a determination in accordance with the provisions of such paragraph. An aggrieved prty is not required to file a request under paragraph (8) or (9) prior to filing a complaint under paragraph (2). ‘‘(11) DEFINITIONS APPLICABLE TO PARA GRAPHS (8) AND (9) .—For purposes of paragraphs (8) and (9): ‘‘(A) The term ‘applicable request’ means a request that is submitted in fiscal year 2019 or a subsequent fiscal year, that is solely with respect to a specified local coverage determination, and that includes a description of the rationale for such request and any information or evidence supporting such request. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the Secretary may not require, as a condition of treating a request with respect to such a determination as an applicable request, that the request contain qualifying evidence that was not considered in the development of such determination. ‘‘(B) The term ‘interested party’ means, with respect to a specified local coverage determination within an area by a fiscal intermediary or carrier that has entered into a contract with the Secretary under section 1874A, a beneficiary or stakeholder (including a medical professional society or physician). ‘‘(C) The term ‘qualifying evidence’ has the meaning given such term by clause (iv) of section 1862(l)(5)(D). ‘‘(D) The term ‘specified local coverage determination’ has the meaning given such term by clause (iii) of such section. ‘‘(12) REPORT .—Not later than December 31 of each year (beginning with 2019), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report containing the following: ‘‘(A) The number of requests filed with fiscal intermediaries and carriers under paragraph (8), and the number of appeals filed with the Secretary under paragraph (9), during the 1year period ending on such date. ‘‘(B) With respect to such requests filed with such intermediaries and carriers under paragraph (8) during such period, the number of times that intermediaries and carriers took, with respect to the actions described in subparagraphs (C) through (E) of such paragraph, each such action. ‘‘(C) With respect to such appeals filed with the Secretary under paragraph (9) during such period, the number of times that the Secretary took, with respect to the actions described in subparagraph (D) of paragraph (8), each such action. ‘‘(D) Recommendations on ways to improve— ‘‘(i) the efficacy and the efficiency of the process described in paragraph (8); and ‘‘(ii) communication with individuals entitled to benefits under part A or enrolled under part B, providers of services, and suppliers regarding such process.’’. 
The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall promulgate regulations to carry out paragraph (5)(D) of section 1862(l) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395y(l)), as amended by subsection (a), and paragraphs (8) and (9) of section 1869(f) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ff(f)), as inserted by subsection (b), in such a manner as to ensure that the processes described in such paragraphs are fully implemented by January 1, 2020. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Kansas. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 3635, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Kansas? There was no objection. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support of H.R. 3635, the Local Coverage Determination Clarification Act. I introduced this legislation along with Congressman KIND, which will help ensure the Medicare coverage decisions are made by qualified health experts through a transparent process that is based on sound medical evidence. Medicare administrative contractors, or MACs, play a critical role in ensuring that Medicare beneficiaries have access to needed care. However, the lessthantransparent process used by MACs to make coverage decisions can limit or deny patients’ access to necessary care. Specifically, the science that guides some of these decisions can be flawed, mischaracterized, or misapplied. The deliberations and decisions of the MACs, which should be based on medical science, are often conducted behind closed doors, with little opportunity for interested stakeholders to raise issues or offer alternatives. These decisions affect millions of Medicare beneficiaries and impact crucial access to innovative technologies and services. The establishment of a clear process informed by health experts will make the local coverage determination, or LCD, process and the decisions developed by that process more sound, more transparent, and ensure accountability among MACs. These requirements are necessary to ensure that our Nation’s seniors receive quality healthcare treatment. Specifically, H.R. 3635 would improve the LCD process by requiring that carrier advisory committee meetings of the MAC are open, public, and on the record, with minutes taken and posted to the MAC’s website for public inspection. The gravity of limiting or precluding coverage for both beneficiaries and practitioners heightens the need for transparency, especially when such meetings are currently closed off. MACs would be required to include, at the outset of the coverage determination process, a description of the evidence a MAC considered when drafting a local coverage determination as well as the rationale it relies on to deny coverage. Additionally, under current rules, local coverage determinations are essentially unreviewable once they become final. This legislation would create a process for stakeholders to request additional review of a MAC’s local coverage decision from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. It would also require the Secretary to submit a report to Congress regarding the number of requests filed with fiscal intermediaries and carriers and the number of appeals filed with the Secretary, as well as the actions in response. Additionally, the report would recommend ways to improve the usefulness and efficiency of the process as well as the communication with Medicare beneficiaries and providers. While I am pleased that the legislation we have here today takes steps to improve the process and bring transparency to protect access for Medicare patients, we must continue to work to ensure that MACs independently evaluate the evidence of other MACs’ coverage decisions. Local coverage determinations should be thoroughly evaluated by experts in each local jurisdiction. Currently, loopholes in the process allow contractors to adopt another MAC’s coverage determination without the necessary scientific rigor and meaningful engagement with stakeholders that is vital in forming the most appropriate policy. Due to regional, geographic, and population based deficiencies, these carboncopied LCDs may not reflect the specific geographic region they are intended to serve. Local coverage determinations should be just that—local. Put simply, what works best for one location does not always work best for another location. Applying local coverage determinations across jurisdictions has the practical effect of establishing national coverage policies without having followed the more rigorous national coverage determination process. As such, I look forward to working with my colleagues on this issue, moving forward. Medicare beneficiaries deserve transparency and accountability for these decisions that directly impact their access to care. These reforms are necessary to ensure that local coverage determinations do not impede a physician’s medical judgment and deny patients access to medically necessary care. By changing the LCD process, Congress can ensure that medical and scientific evidence is not used selectively to deny appropriate coverage to seniors. I want to thank Mr. KIND, who joined me in introducing this legislation. I want to ask my colleagues for their bipartisan support of this bill as we work to improve access and care for every American. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, my colleague has well described the purpose of this legislation. As she indicated, the bill establishes a timeline through which MACs must publish proposed LCDs online. She described what they are so the public can be sure what MACs and LCDs are. It would further require public meetings to review draft determinations and ensure expert input is being sought on all proposals. The bill also provides that stakeholders and beneficiaries, as she mentioned, may request reconsideration of LCDs and that MACs must respond to these requests. These are small but useful improvements to the local coverage determination process. It will help improve transparency and ensure that appropriate coverage determinations are made for Medicare beneficiaries. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to indicate support for this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I am proud to stand here today in support of this commonsense legislation that creates transparency and accountability to the local coverage determinations process and will help ensure that Medicare patients receive the medical care they need. Mr. Speaker, I hope everyone will join me in voting for this legislation on the House floor today as we work to improve access and care for every American, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3635, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1530 STATE INSURANCE REGULATION PRESERVATION ACT Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5059) to amend the Home Owners’ Loan Act with respect to the registration and supervision of insurance savings and loan holding companies, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5059 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘State Insurance Regulation Preservation Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SUPERVISION OF INSURANCE SAVINGS AND LOAN HOLDING COMPANIES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 10(a)(1) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1467a(a)(1)) is amended by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(K) DOMICILE .—The term ‘domicile’ means the State in which an insurance underwriting company or the holding company for such company is incorporated, chartered, or organized. ‘‘(L) BUSINESS OF INSURANCE .—The term ‘business of insurance’ means any activity that is regulated in accordance with the relevant State insurance laws and regulations, including the writing of insurance and the reinsuring of risks. ‘‘(M) INSURANCE SAVINGS AND LOAN HOLDING  
COMPANY .—The term ‘insurance savings and loan holding company’ means— 
‘‘(i) a savings and loan holding company with 75 percent or more of its total consolidated assets in an insurance underwriting company (or insurance underwriting companies), other than assets associated with insurance for credit risk, during the 4 most recent consecutive quarters, as calculated in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or the Statutory Accounting Principles in accordance with State law; ‘‘(ii) a company that— ‘‘(I) was a savings and loan holding company as of July 21, 2010, and through date of enactment of this clause; and ‘‘(II) was not subject to the Basel III capital regulation promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Comptroller of the Currency on October 11, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 62018), because the savings and loan holding company held 25 percent or more of its total consolidated assets in subsidiaries that are insurance underwriting companies (other than assets associated with insurance for credit risk); or ‘‘(iii) a toptier savings and loan holding company that— ‘‘(I) was registered as a savings and loan holding company before July 21, 2010; and ‘‘(II) is a New York notforprofit corporation formed for the purpose of holding the stock of a New York insurance company. ‘‘(N) INSURANCE UNDERWRITING COMPANY .— The term ‘insurance underwriting company’ means an insurer that is subject to regulation by a State insurance authority of the insurer’s domicile. ‘‘(O) STATE INSURANCE AUTHORITY .—The term ‘State insurance authority’ means the State insurance authority of the State in which an insurance underwriting company or holding company for such company is domiciled. ‘‘(P) TOPTIER SAVINGS AND LOAN HOLDING  
COMPANY .—The term ‘toptier savings and loan holding company’ means the ultimate parent company in a savings and loan holding company structure.’’. (b) REGISTRATION .—Section 10(b)(1) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1467a(b)(1)) is amended by inserting at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘A savings and loan holding company that is an insurance savings and loan holding company shall register as an insurance savings and loan holding company.’’. (c) REPORTS .—Section 10(b)(2) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1467a(b)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) INSURANCE SAVINGS AND LOAN HOLDING  
COMPANIES .—The Board, to the fullest extent possible, shall request reports and other information filed by insurance savings and loan holding companies and any insurance underwriting company that is a subsidiary of such company with other Federal authorities and the State insurance authority for such company before requesting such reports or information from the insurance savings and loan holding company or any insurance underwriting company that is a subsidiary of such company. ‘‘(E) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as prohibiting the Board from requesting reports and other information that is not otherwise collected and shared with other Federal or State authorities.’’. (d) BOOKS AND RECORDS .—Section 10(b)(3) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1467a(b)(3)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Each’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Each’’; and (2) by inserting at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) INSURANCE SAVINGS AND LOAN HOLDING  
COMPANIES .—The Board, to the fullest extent possible, shall align any prescribed recordkeeping requirements for an insurance savings and loan holding company with the recordkeeping requirements imposed by the State insurance authority of such company and any insurance underwriting company that is a subsidiary of such company.’’. (e) EXAMINATIONS .—Section 10(b)(4)(C) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C.1467a(b)(4)(C)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking the word ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) INSURANCE SAVINGS AND LOAN HOLDING  
COMPANIES .— ‘‘(I) COORDINATION .—The Board, to the fullest extent possible, shall coordinate examinations of an insurance savings and loan holding company in conjunction with the State insurance authority of such company and any insurance underwriting company that is a subsidiary of such company and other State and Federal authorities in order to minimize the potential for duplication and conflict between the examinations conducted by the Board and the examinations conducted by other State and Federal authorities. ‘‘(II) SCOPE AND FREQUENCY .—Following public notice and comment, the Board shall establish a schedule for the frequency and the scope of examinations of insurance savings and loan holding companies that is consistent with the supervisory framework required by paragraph (7).’’. (f) SUPERVISION .—Section 10(b) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1467a(b)) is amended by inserting at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) INSURANCE SAVINGS AND LOAN HOLDING  
COMPANIES .— ‘‘(A) TAILORED SUPERVISION .—The Board, by rule, shall establish a supervisory framework for insurance savings and loan holding companies that— ‘‘(i) is tailored to the unique risks, operations, and activities of insurance savings and loan holding companies; and ‘‘(ii) to the fullest extent possible, and consistent with the safe and sound operation of insurance savings and loan holding companies, does not unnecessarily duplicate the supervision of insurance underwriting companies by the State insurance authorities for such companies or insurance underwriting companies that are subsidiaries of such companies. ‘‘(B) REVIEW OF SUPERVISORY GUIDANCE .— Following public notice and comment, the Board shall review and revise supervisory policy letters and guidance applicable to insurance savings and loan holding companies to ensure that such letters and guidance are not inconsistent with the supervisory framework required by this paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 3. ASSESSMENTS AND FEES FOR INSURANCE SAVINGS AND LOAN HOLDING COMPANIES. 
Section 11(s) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 248(s)), which relates to assessments and fees, is amended by inserting at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) EXCLUDED ASSETS .—For purposes of paragraph (2)(B), the total consolidated assets of an insurance savings and loan holding company, as defined in section 10(a)(1)(L) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1467a(a)(1)(L)), shall not include assets attributable to the business of insurance conducted by such company or any affiliate of such company, other than assets associated with insurance for credit risk.’’. SEC. 4. IMPLEMENTATION. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION OF SUPERVISORY  FRAMEWORK .—The Board shall establish the supervisory framework required by section 10(b)(7) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1467a(b)(7)), as added by this Act, within 24 months of the date of enactment of this Act. (b) REVIEW OF SUPERVISORY GUIDANCE .— The Board shall complete the review of supervisory policy letters and policy guidance required by section 10(b)(7) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1467a(b)(7)), as added by this Act, within 30 months of the date of enactment of this Act. (c) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Board, no later than 36 months after the date of enactment of this Act, shall submit a report to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives on the implementation of this Act. (d) BOARD DEFINED .—As used in this section, the term ‘‘Board’’ means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall not limit any authority over insurance savings and loan holding companies (as defined under section 10(a)(1) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act) that is provided by a Federal law other than the Home Owners’ Loan Act. 
The Board may issue regulations and orders as may be necessary to— (1) administer and carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act; and (2) prevent evasions of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act may be construed to affect the authority of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System over any subsidiary of an insurance savings and loan holding company that is not an insurance underwriting company (as such terms are defined, respectively, under section 10(a)(1) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) and the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5059, the State Insurance Regulation Preservation Act. I want to thank Chairman HENSARLING and Ranking Member WATERS for their support for this bill. I also want to commend my colleague, Representative JOYCE  BEATTY from Ohio, for her leadership on this issue. It has been a pleasure working with Representative BEATTY , the ranking member’s staff, and the Federal Reserve to ensure that this 
legislation is balanced, effective, and bipartisan. This bill is a good example of how solutionsminded Members from both sides of the aisle can come together to address a clear problem. H.R. 5059 is a commonsense, rightregulation bill that calls on the Federal Reserve to tailor the supervision of insurancefocused savings and loan holding companies. As many of you know, DoddFrank brought savings and loan holding companies under the Federal Reserve’s supervision for the first time. Despite the fact that DoddFrank also reaffirmed a Statebased model of insurance regulation, a principle that we all support, the law had the effect of also bringing insurance savings and loan holding companies, or ISLHCs, under the Fed’s purview. These are firms that are overwhelmingly engaged in the business of insurance but also happen to own thrift subsidiaries. These insurance companies are simultaneously regulated by the Fed and the States. The lack of clarity regarding how Fed supervision of these insurers should complement rather than supplant State regulation has led to regulatory inefficiency, duplication of effort, and higher compliance costs. Bankcentric Fed supervision has also been a poor fit for companies that are primarily in the insurance business and has not been consistent with the actual risks posed by ISLHCs. All of this cost and complexity eventually impact consumers through higher prices and reduced access to services. I should also point out that the burden of duplicative supervision has encouraged a significant number of these insurance companies to get rid of their thrift subsidiaries. Today, fewer than half of the insurance savings and loan holding companies that existed when DoddFrank was enacted continue to operate under the same model. H.R. 5059 streamlines regulators’ approach to ISLHCs by enacting the following reforms. If an ISLHC has filed a report with another Federal or State regulator, the Fed will be required to request that report from that regulator first before requesting the information from the company. This prevents compliance staff from being required to respond to duplicative information requests. H.R. 5059 also requires the Fed to align recordkeeping requirements with those imposed by State insurance authorities to avoid duplication. The bill also requires that Fed examinations be coordinated, to the fullest extent possible, with State and Federal authorities. Again, this will help to reduce unnecessary duplication and conflict. The bill further requires the Fed to craft a supervisory framework that appropriately tailors the supervision of ISLHCs. It then requires a review of existing supervisory guidance to ensure that it is consistent with the new framework. All of these reforms will provide greater regulatory clarity and efficiency, and reduce unnecessary compliance burden. In doing so, we can ensure that these companies can continue to serve their customers without sacrificing the safety and soundness of our financial system. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5059, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5059, the State Insurance Regulation Preservation Act. H.R. 5059 is a bipartisan piece of legislation that seeks to ensure that Federal regulation over the insurance industry is not unnecessarily duplicative or overly burdensome. Mr. Speaker, I would like to start by thanking my colleague from the other side of the aisle, Mr. ROTHFUS , for working on this bill with me, as well as the chairman of our committee, Congressman HENSARLING , and Ranking Member WATERS for understanding the issue we are trying to solve and lending their support. This bill came a long way from when it was introduced earlier this year, and it reflects input from members of the Financial Services Committee, industry stakeholders, and Federal regulators. This bill simply seeks to right size regulation placed on insurance savings and loan holding companies compared to the risk they pose to financial stability. Insurance savings and loan holding companies are insurance companies that own their own bank. In most instances, these types of banks represent a small percentage of their insurance parent company’s overall bottom line, but due to the ownership by the company, they are subject to Federal regulation by the Federal Reserve and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. When we held a legislative hearing on this bill in March, one of the witnesses testified that, while their insurance company’s bank assets made up only 0.2 percent of the company’s total assets, the regulation by the Federal Reserve consumed 25 percent of the company’s compliance costs, ultimately forcing the company to close their bank. This is but one example, Mr. Speaker, of the uneven regulation these companies are facing. This costly and out ofsync duplicative regulation of these insurance savings and loan holding companies is not working as effectively as it should, and this bill seeks to harmonize some of these duplications. There is no reason why a smaller insurance company, like Ohiobased Westfield Insurance, should face more regulation than some of the largest insurance companies in the country due to the fact that they simply own a small bank, or why a company like Nationwide Insurance, a company based in my district, the Third Congressional District of Ohio, which has $236 billion in assets and a $7 billion bank, should be treated by the Federal Reserve like a $243 billion bank holding company. This is not fair. The regulation of the business of insurance is different from the regulation of banks, and the Federal Reserve’s supervisory framework must reflect, I believe, this important difference. The Federal Reserve has historically never regulated insurance until recently, within the past 10 years, Mr. Speaker, when Congress transferred the regulatory authority over these companies to the Feds. By contrast, our State insurance regulators have regulated this country’s insurance system for nearly 150 years. While the Federal Reserve has said that they are looking to tailor some of their regulations, there is little evidence to support those assertions, and time is simply running out. Since we transferred this authority to the Federal Reserve in 2010, nearly twothirds of existing insurance savings and loan holding companies have closed their banks. We need better coordination and cooperation between our State insurance regulators and Federal regulators to ensure our insurance regulatory regime is not unnecessarily duplicative or overly burdensome. This bill will seek to accomplish both of these things. Talk about a winwin, Mr. Speaker. I believe this is it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ), the chairman of the House Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), who is vice chair of the House Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee, and the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ) for their work on this legislation. For years, the Federal Government has slowly expanded its jurisdiction in a number of areas. From healthcare to education, the Federal Government’s presence has grown larger and larger. This bill attempts to restore regulatory balance and ensure that the proper authority—in this instance, the State insurance commissioners—can continue to do the job they have done well for more than 100 years. In a preDoddFrank world, there were more than 30 insurance savings and loan holding companies that owned insurance depository institutions. Federal Reserve supervision of these institutions has driven insurance companies to close their banks. That list includes Shelter Insurance, headquartered just outside my district in Columbia, Missouri. In the wake of DoddFrank and the dawn of Federal Reserve supervision, Shelter executives said it was simply no longer costeffective to run a bank. 
This was a profitable, wellrun bank that served people in the communities I represent that was put out of business by the Federal Government. Mr. ROTHFUS and Mrs. B EATTY have introduced legislation that would mandate more tailored supervision of insurance holding companies subject to Federal Reserve oversight. The legislation will require the Fed to streamline examination procedures and better coordinate with State insurance regulators. To be clear, the legislation does not, Mr. Speaker—and I say again, does not—end Federal Reserve supervision. It merely directs the Fed to better coordinate with the States and develop standards that are more suitable for insurers, something Congress has asked them to do for years. The gentleman from Pennsylvania and the gentlewoman from Ohio worked together and with the Federal Reserve, both before and after the markup, to address various concerns. They are both to be commended for their efforts to work across the aisle and with the regulators. H.R. 5059 is a commonsense solution to Federal overreach and a step toward reduction of bureaucratic redundancy. The bill has received tremendous support, so much that it was agreed to by a voice vote in the Financial Services Committee on July 24. Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank Mr. ROTHFUS and Mrs. B EATTY for their ongoing leadership and ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5059. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would simply like to say, again, thank you to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, and I want to thank all the members who helped us get this bill to this point and reiterate that this bill does not—does not—remove insurance savings and loan companies from Federal regulation. Insurance savings and loan holding companies will still be regulated by several Federal Government agencies, including the Federal Reserve. This bill simply seeks to require the Federal Reserve to tailor their bankcentric regulations to the business of insurance and to coordinate supervision and examination of these companies with their State counterparts to avoid unnecessary, duplicative, and overly burdensome regulation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative BEATTY for working together on this very particular piece of legislation. Again, this is a rightsized regulation that enjoys strong bipartisan support and sets forth the appropriate framework for regulating insurance savings and loan holding companies in this area. Mr. Speaker, I request that my colleagues vote ‘‘yes’’ on this legislation, H.R. 5059, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5059, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FINCEN IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6411) to amend the duties of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) to ensure FinCEN works with Tribal law enforcement agencies, protects against all forms of terrorism, and focuses on virtual currencies. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6411 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘FinCEN Improvement Act of 2018’’. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) The mission of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) is to safeguard the financial system from illicit use and combat money laundering and promote national security through the collection, analysis, and dissemination of financial intelligence and strategic use of financial authorities. (2) In its mission to safeguard the financial system from the abuses of financial crime, including terrorist financing, money laundering and other illicit activity, the United States should prioritize working with partners in Federal, State, local, Tribal, and foreign law enforcement authorities. (3) The Federal Bureau of Investigation has stated that since the terror attacks on September 11, 2001, ‘‘The threat landscape has expanded considerably, though it is important to note that the more traditional threat posed by al Qaeda and its affiliates is still present and active. The threat of domestic terrorism also remains persistent overall, with actors crossing the line from First Amendment protected rights to committing crimes to further their political agenda.’’. (4) Although the use and trading of virtual currencies are legal practices, some terrorists and criminals, including international criminal organizations, seek to exploit vulnerabilities in the global financial system and are increasingly using emerging payment methods such as virtual currencies to move illicit funds. (5) In carrying out its mission, FinCEN should prioritize all forms of terrorism and emerging methods of terrorism and illicit finance. 
Section 310 of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (C)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘appropriate Federal, State, local, and foreign law enforcement agencies’’ and inserting ‘‘appropriate Federal, State, local, Tribal, and foreign law enforcement agencies’’; and (B) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘to protect against international terrorism’’ and inserting ‘‘to protect against terrorism’’; (2) in paragraph (E), by striking ‘‘appropriate Federal, State, local, and foreign law enforcement authorities’’ and inserting ‘‘appropriate Federal, State, local, Tribal, and foreign law enforcement authorities’’; (3) in paragraph (F), by striking ‘‘Federal, State, local, and foreign law enforcement’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal, State, local, Tribal, and foreign law enforcement’’; and (4) in paragraph (H), by striking ‘‘antiterrorism and antimoney laundering initiatives, and similar efforts’’ and inserting ‘‘antiterrorism and antimoney laundering initiatives, including matters involving emerging technologies or value that substitutes for currency, and similar efforts’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) and the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. PERLMUTTER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. b1545 Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the FinCEN Improvement Act was introduced by Representative EDPERLMUTTER , the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance, and cosponsored by Representative STEVE PEARCE , the chairman of this subcommittee. This would add Tribal law enforcement agencies to those partners with which the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network already works, which includes Federal, State, local, and foreign law enforcement agencies. The bill would clarify that FinCEN should protect against all forms of terrorism. FinCEN currently supports law enforcement on domestic issues, not just international, and this legislation would clarify that current practice. This bill would add an emphasis on emerging technologies or value that substitutes for currency in order to address the growing exploitation of digital currencies to move illicit funds. The financial technology, virtual currency, and electronic payments landscape is rapidly evolving to include means of storing and transferring value that didn’t exist when previous laws and regulations were written. This bill emphasizes that FinCEN ought to prioritize cryptocurrencies to ensure that criminals and terrorists cannot use these technologies to carry out illicit financial activities. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my friend, Mr. ROTHFUS , for bringing this bill up today. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in favor of legislation I introduced with my colleague from New Mexico, STEVE PEARCE . H.R. 6411, the FinCEN Improvement Act, is a straightforward bill which will modernize the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, otherwise known as FinCEN. The mission of FinCEN is to safeguard the financial system from crimes or illicit use, combat money laundering, and promote national security through the collection, analysis, and dissemination of financial information and intelligence. In order to accomplish its mission, FinCEN needs to partner with all available law enforcement agencies to gather and share data needed to safeguard the financial system from the abuses of financial crime, including terrorist financing. This legislation builds upon the existing relationships with partners in foreign, Federal, State, and local law enforcement officials by ensuring FinCEN has the authority to work with Tribal law enforcement across the country. Additionally, FinCEN’s current authorizing statute is limited to combating international terrorism, which leaves out domestic terrorist activities, which is just as important to protecting our neighborhoods and communities. This legislation fixes that oversight. Lastly, this legislation ensures FinCEN is focusing on emerging methods of financing illicit activity, including cryptocurrencies. As the ranking Democrat on the Terrorism and Illicit Finance Subcommittee, along with Chairman PEARCE , we have held numerous hearings and meetings discussing these new technologies. While they often have tremendous benefit to consumers in connecting the world, the reality is bad actors can benefit from this new technology by shielding their identities or the identities of those they work with. We need to work to understand this potential threat and find new ways to combat it. This bipartisan piece of legislation is an important step in modernizing FinCEN to ensure our law enforcement and intelligence communities work together to detect and stop criminals and terrorist networks. I want to thank my colleague, Mr. ROTHFUS , and certainly subcommittee Chairman STEVE PEARCE  for working with me on this legislation. I would also like to thank the chairman and ranking member of the full committee for their support, and lastly, I thank Katy Strohmaier on the Democratic staff for working with my office to help us draft this legislation. With that, I urge all my colleagues to support this legislation. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on H.R. 6411, the FinCEN Improvement Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank my colleague, Mr. PERLMUTTER , for his diligent work on this very practical, bipartisan bill. I urge my colleagues to support its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6411. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Ms. Mariel Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
LITTLE SHELL TRIBE OF CHIPPEWA INDIANS RESTORATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3764) to extend the Federal recognition to the Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians of Montana, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3764 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians Restoration Act of 2018’’. 
In this Act: (1) MEMBER .—The term ‘‘member’’ means an individual who is enrolled in the Tribe pursuant to section 6. (2) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (3) TRIBE.—The term ‘‘Tribe’’ means the Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians of Montana. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Federal recognition is extended to the Tribe. (b) EFFECT OF FEDERAL LAWS.—Except as otherwise provided in this Act, all Federal laws (including regulations) of general application to Indians and Indian tribes, including the Act of June 18, 1934 (25 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.) (commonly known as the ‘‘Indian Reorganization Act’’), shall apply to the Tribe and members. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Tribe and each member shall be eligible for all services and benefits provided by the United States to Indians and federally recognized Indian tribes, without regard to— (1) the existence of a reservation for the Tribe; or (2) the location of the residence of any member on or near an Indian reservation. (b) SERVICE AREA.—For purposes of the delivery of services and benefits to members, the service area of the Tribe shall be considered to be the area comprised of Blaine, Cascade, Glacier, and Hill Counties in the State of Montana. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Nothing in this Act diminishes any right or privilege of the Tribe or any member that existed before the date of enactment of this Act. (b) CLAIMS OF TRIBE.—Except as otherwise provided in this Act, nothing in this Act alters or affects any legal or equitable claim of the Tribe to enforce any right or privilege reserved by, or granted to, the Tribe that was wrongfully denied to, or taken from, the Tribe before the date of enactment of this Act. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As a condition of receiving recognition, services, and benefits pursuant to this Act, the Tribe shall submit to the Secretary, by not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, a membership roll consisting of the name of each individual enrolled as a member of the Tribe. (b) DETERMINATION OF MEMBERSHIP .—The qualifications for inclusion on the membership roll of the Tribe shall be determined in accordance with sections 1 through 3 of article 5 of the constitution of the Tribe dated September 10, 1977 (including amendments to the constitution). (c) MAINTENANCE OF ROLL.—The Tribe shall maintain the membership roll under this section. 
(a) H OMELAND .—The Secretary shall acquire, for the benefit of the Tribe, trust title to 200 acres of land within the service area of the Tribe to be used for a tribal land base. (b) ADDITIONAL LAND.—The Secretary may acquire additional land for the benefit of the Tribe pursuant to section 5 of the Act of June 18, 1934 (25 U.S.C. 5108) (commonly known as the ‘‘Indian Reorganization Act’’). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my bill, H.R. 3764, the Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians Restoration Act. As the only Member from Montana in the House of Representatives, I am proud to sponsor a bill which would extend Federal recognition to the Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians of Montana. With Federal recognition, the Little Shell Tribe and its members would become eligible for all services and benefits provided by the Federal Government to federally recognized Tribes. The Tribe, as a condition of receiving Federal recognition, services, and benefits, must submit to the Secretary of the Interior a membership roll consisting of the name of each individual member of the Tribe and must maintain such membership roll. The act directs the Secretary of the Interior to acquire, for the benefit of the Tribe, trust title to 200 acres of land within the Tribe’s service area to be used for a Tribal land base. I appreciate the work of Chairman Gray and the Little Shell people for 
continuing this fight for recognition. I urge adoption of the measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Federal recognition of Native American Tribes is critical to protecting their Tribal sovereignty and restoring the Tribe’s ability to control its land, its water, and its resources, as well as the ability to govern and to protect the health, safety, and welfare of its members. Introduced by Representative GIANFORTE , H.R. 3764 will extend Federal recognition to the Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians of Montana. The Little Shell Tribe has resided in Montana for well over a century and has long been recognized as a Tribe by the State. The Tribe is a political successor to the signatories of the Pembina Treaty of 1863, under which a large area of land in the State of North Dakota was ceded to the United States. While the Federal Government has federally recognized the two other Tribes that are successors to the signatories of the treaty, the Little Shell have inexplicably been left in limbo. The Tribe has repeatedly petitioned the Federal Government for Federal recognition—first in the 1930s and ’40s under the Indian Reorganization Act, and later, starting in 1978, through the Department of Interior’s socalled Part 83 process. However, despite their long and welldocumented history, each time they were deprived of their rightful Federal recognition. H.R. 3764 finally extends recognition to the Little Shell Tribe, making all Federal laws and regulations of general applicability to Indians and Indian Tribes applicable as well to Little Shell and its members. Federal recognition of the Tribe enjoys broad support in Montana, including support from the Governor’s office, the Montana State legislature, the surrounding counties and cities, and from all the other federally recognized Montana tribes. Recognition for the Little Shell is long overdue, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3764, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
WALNUT GROVE LAND EXCHANGE ACT Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5923) to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to exchange certain public lands in Ouachita National Forest, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5923 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Walnut Grove Land Exchange Act’’. 
In this Act: (1) CHURCH .—The term ‘‘Church’’ means the Walnut Grove Church in Garland County, Arkansas. (2) OFFERED TRACT .—The term ‘‘Offered Tract’’ means all right, title, and interest of the Church in and to approximately 6.3 acres of nonFederal land identified as ‘‘Offered Tract 5742’’on the Detail Map of the Walnut Grove Exchange, Ouachita National Forest map (printed date May 11, 2017). (3) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. (4) SELECTED TRACT .—The term ‘‘Selected Tract’’ means all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to approximately 4 acres identified as ‘‘Selected Tract 5743’’ on the Detail Map of the Walnut Grove Exchange, Ouachita National Forest map (printed date May 11, 2017), subject to the reservation of a road easement by the Secretary. 
(a) E XCHANGE AUTHORIZED .—Subject to the provisions of this Act, not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, if the Church offers to convey the Offered Tract to the United States, the Secretary shall— (1) convey to the Church all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Selected Tract; and (2) accept from the Church a conveyance of all right, title, and interest of the Church in and to the Offered Tract. (b) REQUIREMENTS .—The exchange under subsection (a) shall be— (1) subject to valid existing rights; (2) conditioned on an equalization payment made by the Church in accordance with subsection (c); and (3) conditioned on the payment of the costs described in subsection (g). (c) EQUAL VALUE AND CASHEQUALIZATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the exchange under subsection (a) shall be for equal value or the values shall be equalized by a cash payment. (2) EXCEPTION .—If the value of the Offered Tract exceeds the Selected Tract, an equalization payment shall not be required. (d) APPRAISALS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The value of the land to be exchanged under this Act shall be determined by appraisals conducted by one or more independent and qualified appraisers. (2) APPRAISAL STANDARDS .—The Secretary shall complete an appraisal of the land to be exchanged under this Act in accordance with— (A) the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisitions; and (B) the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice. (e) FORMAT .—Title and valuation to the land to be exchanged under this Act shall be in a format acceptable to the Secretary and the Church. (f) MAP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS .—— (1) IN GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall finalize a map and legal descriptions of all land to be conveyed under this Act. (2) CORRECTIONS .—The Secretary may correct any minor errors in the map or in the legal descriptions. (3) MAP ON FILE .—The map and legal descriptions shall be on file and available for public inspection in appropriate offices of the United States Forest Service. (g) COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .—As a condition of conveyance, any costs related to the conveyance under this section shall be paid by the Church. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, for over 20 years, the Walnut Grove Community Church in Jessieville, Arkansas, has sought to gain title to the 4 acres of land on which their church and historic cemetery are located. They have offered 6 acres of land within the Ouachita National Forest to the U.S. Forest Service in exchange. The cemetery and congregation both predate the Forest Service. Since 1938, the church has operated under specialuse permits and has had to renew its permit annually since 2002. This situation has left the congregation uncertain about their future on the land they have worshipped on for decades. Furthermore, like any structure built 80 years ago, the church requires maintenance. Unfortunately, its operation under a permit limits the congregation’s ability to maintain and improve their church building. Congressman WESTERMAN has introduced a commonsense land exchange that will greatly benefit the community of Jessieville at no cost to the American taxpayer. He should be commended for his work. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill authorizes a long overdue land exchange between the Forest Service and the Walnut Grove Church in Garland County, Arkansas. The church was built on Forest Service land, and the exchange will simplify ownership claims and facilitate access and improvements to the property. The land exchange authorized by this bill includes commonsense safeguards that ensure fair compensation for the value of public lands, and I am happy to support its adoption and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts for her support of the bill. Mr. Speaker, the Walnut Grove Land Exchange Act should not need to exist. It is a simple bill which swaps 4 acres of public property, which currently houses a community, cemetery, and church with 6 acres of private timberland. And as was mentioned, this church and cemetery was established decades before the Forest Service. To those who hear this and think, 10 acres? Why on Earth would it take an act of Congress to exchange a total of 10 acres? Rest assured that I had the same initial reaction. Not that this bill or the church itself are unimportant. On the contrary, the Walnut County Community Church is vital to the rural residents of Garland County. The church is not only a place of worship. It has held countless community meetings and more. Its cemetery is the final resting place for many of Garland County’s servicemen and women, and the church itself has served as a searchandrescue command post in the past. However, under the current law, the church does not own the land on which it worships or buries its dead. As such, the Forest Service has the authority to raise the church’s use fee each year and has done so over the past decade. Worse yet, any improvement or restoration to the church must be done with the explicit permission of the Federal Government. As a result, the Walnut Grove congregation has not been able to modify or upgrade their 80yearold building, despite the need to expand to match the growing demands of the community. Members of the congregation have tried for decades to resolve this issue with the Forest Service. They have called, written, and petitioned both the local and regional offices to purchase or exchange the land. They have willingly taken on maintenance of the property and have graciously accepted higher and higher usage fees under the guise that an exchange was coming. An exchange never came. Mr. Speaker, it is time we stop this 20year merrygoround. This bill is vitally important to this congregation, and it is past time that we help them resolve their issue. My bill has wide bipartisan and bicameral support, having passed the committee unanimously and having a companion measure in the Senate. I urge swift passage of this bill. b1600 Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5923, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
RURAL BROADBAND PERMITTING EFFICIENCY ACT OF 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4824) to allow certain State permitting authority to encourage expansion of broadband service to rural communities, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4824 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Rural Broadband Permitting Efficiency Act of 2018’’. 
In this Act: (1) BROADBAND PROJECT .—The term ‘‘broadband project’’ means an installation by a broadband provider of wireless or broadband infrastructure, including but not limited to, copper lines, fiber optic lines, communications towers, buildings, or other improvements on Federal land. (2) BROADBAND PROVIDER .—The term ‘‘broadband provider’’ means a provider of wireless or broadband infrastructure that enables a user to originate and receive high quality voice, data, graphics, and video telecommunications. (3) INDIAN LANDS .—The term ‘‘Indian Lands’’ means— (A) any land owned by an Indian Tribe, located within the boundaries of an Indian reservation, pueblo, or rancheria; or (B) any land located within the boundaries of an Indian reservation, pueblo, or rancheria, the title to which is held— (i) in trust by the United States for the benefit of an Indian Tribe or an individual Indian; (ii) by an Indian Tribe or an individual Indian, subject to restriction against alienation under laws of the United States; or (iii) by a dependent Indian community. (4) INDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian Tribe’’ means a federally recognized Indian Tribe. (5) OPERATIONAL RIGHT OFWAY.—The term ‘‘operational rightofway’’ means all real property interests (including easements) acquired for the construction or operation of a project, including the locations of the roadway, bridges, interchanges, culverts, drainage, clear zone, traffic control signage, landscaping, copper and fiber optic lines, utility shelters, and broadband infrastructure as installed by broadband providers, and any rest areas with direct access to a controlled access highway or the National Highway System. (6) SECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ means— (A) the Secretary of Agriculture (acting through the Chief of the Forest Service), with respect to National Forest System land; and (B) the Secretary of the Interior, with respect to land managed by the Department of the Interior (including land held in trust for an Indian Tribe). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary concerned shall establish (or in the case where both Department of the Interior and National Forest System land would be affected, shall jointly establish) a voluntary program under which any State or Indian Tribe may offer, and the Secretary concerned may agree, to enter into a memorandum of understanding to allow for the State or Indian Tribe to prepare environmental analyses required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) for the permitting of broadband projects within an operational rightofway on National Forest System land, land managed by the Department of the Interior, and Indian Lands. Under such a memorandum of understanding, an Indian Tribe or State may volunteer to cooperate with the signatories to the memorandum in the preparation of the analyses required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969. (b) ASSUMPTION OF RESPONSIBILITIES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—In entering into a memorandum of understanding under this section, the Secretary concerned may assign to the State or Indian Tribe, and the State or Indian Tribe may agree to assume, all or part of the responsibilities of the Secretary concerned for environmental analyses under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (2) STATE OR INDIAN TRIBE RESPONSI BILITY .— (A) IN GENERAL .—A State or Indian Tribe that assumes any responsibility under paragraph (1) shall be subject to the same procedural and substantive requirements as would apply if the responsibility were carried out by the Secretary concerned. (B) EFFECT OF ASSUMPTION OF RESPONSI BILITY .—A State or Indian Tribe that assumes any responsibility, including financial responsibility, under paragraph (1) shall be solely responsible and solely liable for carrying out, in lieu of the Secretary concerned, the responsibilities assumed under that paragraph until the date on which the program is terminated under subsection (g). (C) ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEW .—A State or Indian Tribe that assumes any responsibility under paragraph (1) shall comply with the environmental review procedures under parts 1500–1508 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), and the regulations of the Secretary concerned. (3) FEDERAL RESPONSIBILITY .—Any responsibility of the Secretary concerned described in paragraph (1) that is not explicitly assumed by the State or Indian Tribe in the memorandum of understanding shall remain the responsibility of the Secretary concerned. (c) OFFER AND NOTIFICATION .—A State or Indian Tribe that intends to offer to enter into a memorandum of understanding under this section shall provide to the Secretary concerned notice of the intent of the State or Indian Tribe not later than 90 days before the date on which the State or Indian Tribe submits a formal written offer to the Secretary concerned. (d) TRIBAL CONSULTATION .—Within 90 days of entering into any memorandum of understanding with a State, the Secretary concerned shall initiate consultation with relevant Indian Tribes. 
(e) M EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—A memorandum of understanding entered into under this section shall— (1) be executed by the Governor or the Governor’s designee, or in the case of an Indian Tribe, by an officer designated by the governing body of the Indian Tribe; (2) be for a term not to exceed 10 years; (3) be in such form as the Secretary concerned may prescribe; (4) provide that the State or Indian Tribe— (A) agrees to assume all or part of the responsibilities of the Secretary concerned described in subsection (b)(1); (B) expressly consents, including through the adoption of express waivers of sovereign immunity, on behalf of the State or Indian Tribe, to accept the jurisdiction of the Federal courts for the compliance, discharge, and enforcement of any responsibility of the Secretary concerned assumed by the State or Indian Tribe; (C) certify that State laws and regulations, with respect to States, or Tribal laws and regulations, with respect to Indian Tribes, are in effect that— (i) authorize the State or Indian Tribe to take the actions necessary to carry out the responsibilities being assumed; and (ii) are comparable to section 552 of title 5, United States Code, including providing that any decision regarding the public availability of a document under the State laws is reviewable by a court of competent jurisdiction; (D) agrees to maintain the financial resources necessary to carry out the responsibilities being assumed; (E) agrees to provide to the Secretary concerned any information the Secretary concerned considers necessary to ensure that the State or Indian Tribe is adequately carrying out the responsibilities assigned to and assumed by the State or Indian Tribe; (F) agrees to return revenues generated from the use of public lands authorized under this section to the United States annually, in accordance with the Federal Land Policy Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); and (G) agrees to send a copy of all authorizing documents to the United States for proper notation and recordkeeping; (5) prioritize and expedite any analyses under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) under the memorandum of understanding; (6) not be granted to a State on Indian Lands without the consent of the relevant Indian Tribe; and (7) not be granted to an Indian Tribe on State lands without the consent of the relevant State. (f) LIMITATION .—Nothing in this section permits a State or Indian Tribe to assume— (1) any rulemaking authority of the Secretary concerned under any Federal law; and (2) Federal Government responsibilities for governmenttogovernment consultation with Indian Tribes. (g) TERMINATION .— (1) TERMINATION BY THE SECRETARY .—The Secretary concerned may terminate the participation of any State or Indian Tribe in the program established under this section if— (A) the Secretary concerned determines that the State or Indian Tribe is not adequately carrying out the responsibilities assigned to and assumed by the State or Indian Tribe; (B) the Secretary concerned provides to the State or Indian Tribe— (i) notification of the determination of noncompliance; and (ii) a period of at least 30 days during which to take such corrective action as the Secretary concerned determines is necessary to comply with the applicable agreement; and (C) the State or Indian Tribe, after the notification and period provided under subparagraph (B), fails to take satisfactory corrective action, as determined by the Secretary concerned. (2) TERMINATION BY THE STATE OR INDIAN  
TRIBE .—A State or Indian Tribe may terminate the participation of the State or Indian Tribe in the program established under this section at any time by providing to the Secretary concerned a notice of intent to terminate by not later than the date that is 90 days before the date of termination. (3) TERMINATION OF MEMORANDUM OF UNDER STANDING WITH STATE OR INDIAN TRIBE .—A State or an Indian Tribe may terminate a joint memorandum of understanding under this section at any time by providing to the Secretary concerned a notice of intent to terminate by no later than the date that is 90 days before the date of termination. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary concerned shall establish a broadband permit streamlining team comprised of qualified staff under subsection (b)(4) in each State or regional office that has been delegated responsibility for issuing permits for broadband projects. (b) MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary concerned, in consultation with the National Conference of State Historic Preservation Officers and the National Tribal Historic Preservation Officers Association, shall enter into a memorandum of understanding to carry out this section with— (A) the Secretary of Agriculture or of the Interior, as appropriate; (B) the Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs; and (C) the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. (2) PURPOSE .—The purpose of the memorandum of understanding under paragraph (1) is to coordinate and expedite permitting decisions for broadband projects. (3) STATE OR TRIBAL PARTICIPATION .—The Secretary concerned may request that the Governor of any State or the officer designated by the governing body of the Indian Tribe with one or more broadband projects be a party to the memorandum of understanding under paragraph (1). (4) DESIGNATION OF QUALIFIED STAFF .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of entrance into the memorandum of understanding under paragraph (1), the head of each Federal agency that is a party to the memorandum of understanding (other than the Secretary concerned) may, if the head of the Federal agency determines it to be appropriate, designate to each State or regional office an employee of that Federal agency with expertise in regulatory issues relating to that Federal agency, including, as applicable, particular expertise in— (i) planning under the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1600 et seq.) and planning under the Federal Land Policy Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); (ii) the preparation of analyses under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); or (iii) consultation and the preparation of biological opinions under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536). (B) DUTIES .—Each employee designated under subparagraph (A) shall— (i) be responsible for any issue relating to any broadband project within the jurisdiction of the State or regional office under the authority of the Federal agency from which the employee is assigned; (ii) participate as part of the team of personnel working on one or more proposed broadband projects, including planning and environmental analyses; and (iii) serve as the designated point of contact with any applicable State or Indian Tribe that assumes any responsibility under section 3(b)(1) relating to any issue described in clause (i). The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 4824, introduced by JOHNCURTIS  of Utah, is the Rural Broadband Permitting Efficiency Act of 2018. The bill, which I have cosponsored, provides muchneeded efficiency to the broadband permitting process on Federal lands to ensure underserved communities receive this vital utility. Approximately 40 percent of rural Americans do not have access to broadband internet. Without adequate and consistent internet access, people are unable to effectively communicate, gain access to vital information services, and increasingly participate in the American workforce. Currently, providers who wish to install broadband infrastructure in existing utility and road rightsofway on Federal land are frequently required to obtain approval from multiple Federal and State agencies. If the infrastructure crosses Indian Country, the Bureau of Indian Affairs is involved. This cumbersome process also includes extensive environmental review under the National Environmental Policy Act. H.R. 4824 streamlines broadband permitting in existing rightsofway, saving time and money in broadband deployment. Specifically, this bill authorizes a program to enhance the permitting process for broadband internet projects in each of the Bureau of Land Management’s State offices. H.R. 4824 also authorizes the Bureau and the U.S. Forest Service to enter into agreements with States and Tribes to allow those entities to carry out environmental reviews for broadband projects within existing rightsofway on Federal land. This coordinated approach should help alleviate unnecessary delays in permit processing and encourage providers and States to pursue broadband deployment projects, particularly in rural areas. 
Congressman C URTIS should be commended for his work on this bill and his efforts to have it considered by the House today. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, August 1, 2018. Hon. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write regarding H.R. 4824, the Rural Broadband Permitting Efficiency Act of 2018, which was primarily referred to the Committee on Natural Resources and additionally referred to your committee. The Natural Resources Committee ordered the bill favorably reported by voice vote on June 6, 2018, and my staff has shared with your staff a draft bill report, a copy of the bill as ordered reported and the cost estimate prepared by the Congressional Budget Office. I ask that you allow your committee to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be quickly scheduled by the Majority Leader. I agree that this discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have your committee be represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and your response in the report for the bill and in the Congressional Record during debate on the bill to document our agreement. Thank you very much for your consideration of my request, and I look forward to bringing H.R. 4824 to the Floor soon. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, July 30, 2018. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for the opportunity to review H.R. 4824, the Rural Broadband Permitting Efficiency Act of 2018. As you are aware, the bill was primarily referred to the Committee on Natural Resources, while the Agriculture Committee received an additional referral. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House in an expeditious manner and, accordingly, I agree to discharge H.R. 4824 from further consideration by the Committee on Agriculture. I do so with the understanding that by discharging the bill, the Committee on Agriculture does not waive any future jurisdictional claim on this or similar matters. Further, the Committee on Agriculture reserves the right to seek the appointment of conferees, if it should become necessary. I ask that you insert a copy of our exchange of letters into the Congressional Record during consideration of this measure on the House floor. Thank you for your courtesy in this matter and I look forward to continued cooperation between our respective committees. Sincerely, K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Expanding broadband access in rural America and communities adjacent to public lands is a bipartisan priority on the Natural Resources Committee. I want to thank Representative CURTISfor working with committee Democrats to improve this bill since it was introduced. H.R. 4824 gives States the primary responsibility for issuing environmental review permits for broadband projects in those areas that already have rights ofway for existing infrastructure, such as roads, bridges, and trails. At markup, Representative CURTIS  amended the bill to address several concerns brought forward by Native American stakeholders and committee Democrats. This includes guarantees that Tribal governments are consulted and can participate in the development of memoranda of understanding for projects that cross their land. This is a critical improvement. The bill we are considering today also removes language that would have broadly exempted certain projects from any environmental reviews and eliminated public comment periods. However, there are still a number of outstanding issues that I hope can be addressed as this bill makes its way through the legislative process in the Senate. For example, I believe that we should continue to perfect language that allows for public comment periods and strengthens the ability of our Federal land management agencies to enforce any MOU that is signed with a State government. We would also like to continue discussions in order to ensure that everyday citizens receive protection under the Equal Access to Justice Act, a law that ensures all citizens have the ability to participate in government decisionmaking. I believe these are commonsense changes that won’t hamper rural broadband development. I do not oppose passage of the legislation through the House at this time, but I look forward to continued bipartisan and bicameral work on the remaining issues. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CURTIS ). Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased the House is considering my bill today, H.R. 4824, the Rural Broadband Permitting Efficiency Act of 2018. I want to express my appreciation to Senator ORRIN HATCH , who introduced the bill in the Senate, as well Chairman ROBBISHOP for moving the bill through the Natural Resources Committee. I would also like to thank various stakeholders that have taken part in the process creating this bill. Additionally, I would like to thank the 12 Members who joined me on this important bill as cosponsors, including my good friend from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ). The need to give greater access to highspeed broadband services for rural communities is broadly supported, evidenced by the diverse coalition of stakeholders supporting my commonsense legislation, including NTCA, WTA, the American Library Association, the Utah Education and Telehealth Network, the Utah Governor’s Office of Economic Development, the Utah Rural Broadband Association, and the Navajo Nation, to name just a few. The purpose of my bill is simple: We need to do a better job connecting our rural and remote communities with greater access to broadband and high speed internet. I believe that increasing access to broadband services in rural areas, like many places in my home State of Utah, is an important first step to help bridge the digital divide and to provide an enhanced quality of life for these areas. This infrastructure is critical to ensure schools, hospitals, libraries, and small businesses have access to modernday internet speeds. This legislation will provide economic development opportunities for small businesses and residents in our rural towns. Currently, the permitting process for a broadband project across Federal lands can take many years, in some cases, as much as 8 or 9 years. In my view, this is completely unacceptable. My bill improves and speeds up the permitting process on Federal lands, while also safeguarding and enforcing currentday Federal environmental laws. I have visited three different Native American Tribes since my election to Congress and have learned some of the unique problems facing these communities. I was proud to work with several Native American Tribes, including the Navajo Nation in my district, to ensure Tribal governments can utilize these new programs established within my bill. I was touched by a letter of support I received this week from President Begaye, the president of the Navajo Nation. I have visited the Navajo Nation three times since coming to Congress, and I hope this bill passes so that, on my next visit, we can celebrate the passage of this bill together. My bill is a big win for Americans living in rural communities, especially Utahns, and I encourage my House colleagues to join me in voting in support of H.R. 4824. I hope the Senate will also quickly take up this measure and send it to the President’s desk. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4824, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to allow certain 
State and tribal permitting authority to encourage expansion of broadband service to rural and tribal communities, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MODERNIZING THE PITTMANROBERTSON FUND FOR TOMORROW’S NEEDS ACT Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2591) to amend the Pittman Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act to modernize the funding of wildlife conservation, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2591 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Modernizing the PittmanRobertson Fund for Tomorrow’s Needs Act’’. 
The first section of the PittmanRobertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘One of the purposes of this Act is to provide financial and technical assistance to the States for the promotion of hunting and recreational shooting.’’. 
Section 2 of the PittmanRobertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669a) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (8) as paragraphs (4) through (10), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following: ‘‘(2) for the purposes of determining the number of paid huntinglicense holders in a State, the term ‘fiscal year’ means the fiscal year or license year of the State; ‘‘(3) the term ‘hunter recruitment and recreational shooter recruitment’ means any activity or project to recruit or retain hunters and recreational shooters, including by— ‘‘(A) using social media, marketing, advertising, surveying, television spots, print, and media; ‘‘(B) providing education, mentoring, and field demonstrations; ‘‘(C) enhancing access for hunting and recreational shooting, including through range construction; ‘‘(D) providing education to the public about the role of hunting and recreational shooting in funding wildlife conservation; and ‘‘(E) using any other means to ensure the growth of hunting and recreational shooting, as determined by the Secretary;’’. 
(a) A PPORTIONMENT TO STATES .—Section 4(b) of the PittmanRobertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669c(b)) is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The Secretary of the Interior’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Such apportionments’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) ADJUSTMENTS .—The apportionments under paragraph (1)’’; (3) by striking the third sentence; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) USE OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), amounts apportioned under this subsection may be used for hunter recruitment and recreational shooter recruitment. ‘‘(B) LIMITATION .—A State may make an expenditure under subparagraph (A) only if the amount of the expenditure during the fiscal year in which the expenditure is made plus the amount of the expenditures for hunter recruitment and recreational shooter recruitment made during the 4 fiscal years preceding that fiscal year is not greater than 25 percent of the total amount apportioned to the State under this subsection during that 5fiscalyear period.’’. (b) APPORTIONMENT OF CERTAIN TAXES.—The first subsection (c) of section 4 of the Pittman Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669c) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘APPORTIONMENT OF REVENUES FROM PISTOLS , REVOLVERS , BOWS, AND ARROWS .—’’ after the enumerator; (2) by striking ‘‘Onehalf’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
1⁄2’’; (3) by striking ‘‘: Provided, That’’ and inserting a period; (4) by striking ‘‘each State shall be apportioned not more than 3 per centum and not less than 1 per centum of such revenues’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) CONDITION .—The amount apportioned to each State under paragraph (1) shall be not greater than 3 percent and not less than 1 percent of the revenues described in such paragraph’’; (5) by striking ‘‘For the purpose’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) POPULATION DETERMINATION .—For the purpose’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) USE OF FUNDS .—In addition to other uses authorized under this Act, amounts apportioned under this subsection may be used for hunter recruitment and recreational shooter recruitment.’’. (c) TECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 4 of the PittmanRobertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669c) is amended by redesignating the second subsection (c) and subsection (d) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively. 
SEC. 5. EXPENDITURES FOR MANAGEMENT OF WILDLIFE AREAS AND RESOURCES. 
Section 8 of the PittmanRobertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669g) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘and public relations’’; and (2) in subsection (b), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘, as a part of such program’’. 
SEC. 6. FIREARM AND BOW HUNTER EDUCATION AND SAFETY PROGRAM GRANTS. 
Section 10(a)(1)(A) of the PittmanRobertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669h– 1(a)(1)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) the enhancement of hunter recruitment and recreational shooter recruitment; and’’. 
Section 11 of the PittmanRobertson Wildlife Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 669h–2) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Not more than’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not more than’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) AVAILABILITY FOR HUNTER AND REC REATIONAL SHOOTER GRANTS .—Not more than $5,000,000 of the revenues covered into the fund from any tax imposed under section 4161(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for a fiscal year shall be available to the Secretary exclusively for making hunter recruitment and recreational shooter recruitment grants that promote a national hunting and shooting sport recruitment program, including related communication and outreach activities.’’; (2) in the matter preceding subsection (b)(3)(A), by striking ‘‘International’’; (3) in the matter preceding subsection (c)(2)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘International’’; (4) in subsection (c)(2)(A)(i), by inserting ‘‘or to recreational shooting activities’’ after ‘‘wildlife’’; and (5) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘or to recreational shooting activities’’ after ‘‘wildlife’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 2591, introduced by Representative AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, is a bipartisan bill which I cosponsored that amends the PittmanRobertson Wildlife Restoration Act to modernize the funding for wildlife conservation. The PittmanRobertson fund, which relies on excise tax fees paid by hunters and recreational shooters, has been a driving force for wildlife habitat preservation in the United States for nearly 80 years, contributing over $10 billion in that time. The fund is also responsible for important hunter education programs, as well as the construction and maintenance of public shooting ranges. The longterm viability of the PittmanRobertson fund is at risk, however, because of the diminishing number of hunters and recreational shooters nationwide. Recent surveys have shown a decline of over 2 million hunters since 2011. This has largely been caused by growing urbanization and suburbanization, which has made it more difficult for Americans to participate in these activities. This legislation will give States additional flexibility to use their Pittman Robertson dollars to fund programs to recruit, retain, and reactivate hunters and target shooters. Empowering the States with this added flexibility will help promote safe and responsible hunting and shooting, while also ensuring this American system of wildlife conservation funding remains strong into the future. Congressman SCOTT should be commended for his work on this bipartisan measure. I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill provides States with increased flexibility to utilize 
money provided by the PittmanRobertson fund for expanding outreach in hunter education initiatives. The Federal Aid in Wildlife Restoration Act of 1937, commonly known as the PittmanRobertson Act, authorizes an excise tax on hunting equipment. The proceeds are used to support wildlife conservation and restoration efforts. Allowing some of the money for education and outreach initiatives has the potential to increase participation in hunting and other recreational activities that will expand the tax base and the total pool of available money. This program is our Nation’s oldest and most successful wildlife conservation initiative. In its over80year history, it has restored habitat relied on by numerous species and even helped to bring some populations back from the brink of extinction. This is an impressive track record that the update included in this legislation is meant to support. The bill includes a 25 percent cap for education and recruitment activities, a safeguard meant to ensure there is still plenty of money available for wildlife conservation and restoration. I look forward to working with our colleagues in the Senate to ensure that 25 percent is an appropriate safeguard that doesn’t steer too much money away from the traditional purpose of the fund. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT). Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2591, Modernizing the PittmanRobertson Fund for Tomorrow’s Needs Act. As a lifelong outdoorsman and current vice chairman of the Congressional Sportsmen’s Caucus, I am honored to be here today to discuss this bipartisan legislation. If enacted, H.R. 2591 would provide national, broadbased support to State fish and wildlife agencies to develop, guide, and enhance collective efforts to recruit new hunters and sportsmen, all while continuing to protect our Nation’s natural resources. Through a system of user pay, public benefits, PittmanRobertson is the foundation of wildlife conservation funding in the United States. In the early 1900s, many wildlife species were beginning to dwindle and disappear. To address this decline, State fish and wildlife agencies and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service partnered with hunters and conservationists to help draft and enact the Federal Aid in Wildlife Restoration Act. Known today as the PittmanRobertson Act, this legislation became law in 1937. Since it was first enacted, the PittmanRobertson Wildlife Restoration Fund has collected over $11 billion from sportsmen and women to be used by States to fund wildlife conservation efforts, habitat acquisition and management, public access to lands, hunter education, and development of ranges affiliated with hunter safety programs. These funds are collected from an excise tax on sporting equipment, which is coupled with State funds from the sale of sporting licenses. Over the past century, States have spent these funds to restore game and nongame species that were on the brink of endangerment and extinction. Specifically, PittmanRobertson funds have helped rebuild whitetailed deer, turkey, duck, beaver, elk, osprey, and bald eagle populations. Effectively, PittmanRobertson creates a direct link between those who hunt and participate in sportsmen activities and the health of the resources needed to expand and enhance those opportunities. However, in recent years, the increasing urbanization and suburbanization of our population has made it more difficult for the public to participate in hunting and outdoor recreational activities. b1615 Correspondingly, the average age of Americans purchasing hunting licenses and equipment is steadily rising as younger Americans are not joining the sportsmen population. This has a significant ripple effect, not only on the key Federal funding models that support the conservation of fish and wildlife, but also on the base of support for our public lands and on thoughtful natural resource policy. H.R. 2591 seeks to address this growing issue headon. Without any Federal mandate or any increase in existing user fees or taxes, H.R. 2591 will preserve the current userpay, publicbenefit funding of wildlife conservation for generations to come, while further expanding flexibility of States to make decisions that are best fit for them and the preservation of their natural resources. Specifically, H.R. 2591 would clarify that a purpose of the PittmanRobertson funds is to extend public relations assistance to the States for the promotion of hunting and sportsmen activities. For the first time, State fish and wildlife agencies could use Pittman Robertson funds for proactive recruitment, including promotions on television, in printed publications, and on social media; educational field demonstrations to better teach the role that hunting plays in wildlife conservation; as well as initiatives aimed at enhancing access for hunting and range construction. These modernizations are essential in addressing the issues currently affecting PittmanRobertson funds. To ensure that traditional wildlife conservation remains the primary focus of PittmanRobertson, H.R. 2591 puts a maximum cap of 25 percent on the percentage of PittmanRobertson funds that can be used for public relations by a State agency. Moreover, H.R. 2591 would expand the Multistate Conservation Grant Program by providing an additional $5 million per year from archery tax collections to provide for hunters and recreational recruitment project grants that promote a national recruitment program. While this legislation provides the authority for the existing Pittman Robertson funds to be used on programs that will help ensure participation in outdoor recreational sportsmen activities and secure a funding base long into the future, it is important to note that H.R. 2591 does not mandate how PR funds must be spent. The discretion to determine the amount, if any, of Wildlife Restoration Funds spent on recruitment would remain entirely with each individual State fish and wildlife agency. Conservation organizations and State wildlife agencies alike have long advocated for increased flexibility for PittmanRobertson funds. H.R. 2591 is supported by all 50 State fish and wildlife agencies as well as a significant number of the Nation’s leading sportsmen conservation groups—just to list a few: the Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies, the Archery Trade Association, the Congressional Sportsmen’s Foundation, Conservation Force, Council to Advance Hunting and Shooting Sports, Delta Waterfowl, Ducks Unlimited, Izaak Walton League, Mule Deer Foundation, Pheasants Forever, Quail Forever, Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation, the Sportsmen’s Alliance, the Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Council, Wildlife Forever, the Wildlife and Hunting Heritage Conservation Council, and the Wildlife Management Institute. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2591, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
STIGLER ACT AMENDMENTS OF 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2606) to amend the Act of August 4, 1947 (commonly known as the Stigler Act), with respect to restrictions applicable to Indians of the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2606 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stigler Act Amendments of 2018’’. 
The first section of the Act of August 4, 1947 (61 Stat. 731, chapter 458), is amended— (1) in the matter before subsection (a), by striking ‘‘That all restrictions’’ and all that follows through subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘SEC. 1. (a) All restrictions against alienation, conveyance, lease, mortgage, creation of liens, or other encumbrances upon all lands, including oil and gas or other mineral interests, in Oklahoma belonging to a lineal descendant by blood of an original enrollee whose name appears on the Final Indian Rolls of the Five Civilized Tribes in Indian Territory, whether acquired by allotment, inheritance, devise, gift, purchase, exchange, partition, partition sale, or by purchase with restricted funds, of whatever degree of Indian blood, and whether enrolled or unenrolled, shall be and are hereby, extended until an Act of Congress determines otherwise. ‘‘(b) The extension of restrictions described in subsection (a) shall include without limitation, those interests in the estate of a decedent Indian who died before the date of enactment of the Stigler Act Amendments of 2018— ‘‘(1) if such interests were acquired by an heir or devisee of onehalf or more degree of Indian blood, as computed from the nearest enrolled lineal ancestors of Indian blood enrolled on the Final Rolls described in subsection (a), by final order issued by an Oklahoma district court or a United States district court determining the decedent’s heirs or devisees or otherwise determining the ownership of said interests before said date; or ‘‘(2) if such interests were, immediately prior to the decedent’s death, subject to restrictions and had not, as of said date, been— ‘‘(A) the subject of a final order issued by an Oklahoma district court or a United States district court determining the decedent’s heirs or devisees or otherwise determining the ownership of said interests; ‘‘(B) conveyed by the decedent’s undetermined heirs or devisees by deed approved by an Oklahoma district court; or ‘‘(C) conveyed by the decedent’s undetermined heirs or devisees of less than onehalf degree of Indian blood with or without Oklahoma district court approval. ‘‘SEC. 2. (a) Except as provided in subsection (f), subsection (g), subsection (h), and subsection (i), no conveyance, including an oil and gas or mineral lease, of any interest in the restricted lands described in this section shall be valid unless approved in open court by the district court of the county in Oklahoma in which the land is situated;’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘county judge’’ and inserting ‘‘district judge’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Proceedings for approval of conveyances by restricted heirs or devisees’’ and inserting ‘‘Proceedings for approval of conveyances’’; (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘best interest of the Indian’’ and inserting ‘‘best interest of the grantor’’; and (4) by adding before the period at the end the following: ‘‘; (h) nothing contained in this section shall limit or affect the right of an Indian owner of restricted lands described in this Act to seek and obtain Secretarial removal of restrictions on all or any portion of said restricted lands in accordance with any applicable Federal law; (i) nothing contained in this section shall invalidate the alienation, conveyance, lease, including oil and gas or other mineral leases, mortgage, creation of liens, or other encumbrance of any lands, if such action was effective before the date of enactment of the Stigler Act Amendments of 2018 and valid under the law then in effect; and (j) in determining the quantum of Indian blood of any Indian heir or devisee, the Final Indian Rolls of the Five Civilized Tribes in Indian Territory as to such heir or devisee, if enrolled, shall be conclusive of his or her quantum of Indian blood. If unenrolled, his or her degree of Indian blood shall be computed from the nearest enrolled lineal ancestors of Indian blood enrolled on the Final Indian Rolls of the Five Civilized Tribes in Indian Territory’’. SEC. 3. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS. 
The Act of August 4, 1947 (61 Stat. 731, chapter 458), is amended— (1) in section 5, by striking ‘‘of onehalf or more Indian blood,’’; (2) in section 6(c)— (A) by inserting ‘‘purchase, partition sale,’’ after ‘‘gift,’’ each place it appears; and (B) by striking ‘‘of onehalf or more Indian blood’’; and (3) in section 8, by striking ‘‘of onehalf or more Indian blood,’’. 
The following are repealed: (1) The first section of the Act of August 11, 1955 (69 Stat. 666, chapter 768). (2) Section 2 of the Act of August 4, 1947 (61 Stat. 731, chapter 458). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2606, the Stigler Act Amendments of 2018. The bill would amend the 1947 Stigler Act to remove the Indian blood quantum requirement for certain land to be maintained in restricted fee status for any member of the Cherokee Nation, Chickasaw Nation, Choctaw Nation, Muscogee Creek Nation, and the Seminole Nation, which are collectively known as the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma. Under current law, when a person of less than onehalf degree Indian blood from one of the Five Tribes inherits an interest of an allotment of land, the land can be taxed and be conveyed without approval of the Secretary of the Interior. Under H.R. 2606, restricted fee land currently owned by members of the Five Tribes would remain in restricted status regardless of the blood quantum of the owners. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the sponsor of this legislation, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE) for his tireless work on issues impacting Indian Country, including this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I might consume. Mr. Speaker, like other Native American tribes, the land base of the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma was devastated during the allotment and assimilation period of the late 1800s. During this period, tribal governments were dissolved and communityheld lands were distributed as 160acre parcels to individual tribal members. The remaining lands were made available for nonIndian settlement. Congress eventually reversed its policy and, in 1936, enacted the Oklahoma Indian Welfare Act in order to rebuild Indian tribal societies and rightfully return land back to the tribes. Under that act, any previously allotted Indian land remained with its current owner in restricted fee status. This status has significant benefits, as restricted fee lands are under tribal jurisdiction and are exempt from certain Federal and State taxes. However, in 1947, additional and arbitrary constraints were placed upon the lands of the Five Civilized Tribes. The enactment of this 1947 law, known as the Stigler Act, set a minimum blood quantum level that must be met by an Indian landowner in order for the lands to remain in restricted fee status. That is to say, if the total percentage of Indian blood of a landowner falls below a certain minimum threshold, the land loses its taxexempt status. Over the years, with subsequent generations and intermarriage, landowners often no longer meet the minimum blood quantum level. The lands then lose their restricted fee status and often are sold off. This has resulted in a drastic reduction of all the lands owned by members of the Five Civilized Tribes. No other Native American Tribe is required to meet this blood quantum minimum in order to preserve their land fee status, and it seems that this was the main intent of the Stigler Act in 1947, to further reduce Indian land holdings in Oklahoma. Under the changes proposed in H.R. 2606, we can right this wrong. Enactment of this legislation will ensure that restricted fee land owned by citizens of the Five Civilized Tribes will remain in that status regardless of blood quantum levels. This will bring parity to the Five Civilized Tribes and allow their citizens to own restricted fee land just like the citizens of other tribes. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 2606 and urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C OLE). Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I certainly thank the gentleman from Montana for yielding, and I want to thank him for moving this legislation through his committee and onto the floor. I rise in support, Mr. Speaker, of H.R. 2606, the Stigler Act Amendments of 
2018, and on behalf of the citizens of the Cherokee Nation; my own tribe, the Chickasaw Nation; the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma; the Muscogee Creek Nation; and the Seminole Nation of Oklahoma, commonly known as the Five Civilized Tribes. The bill before us only addresses and affects these Five Tribes and the lands owned by their citizens within the State of Oklahoma. The passage of this legislation is critical to maintaining the inherited land of the citizens of the five aforementioned tribes. The infamous Dawes Act of 1887 authorized the Federal Government to survey tribal lands and divide them into allotted parcels for individual Native Americans. Title to these allotment parcels was set forth in the Stigler Act of 1947. The Stigler Act provided that, upon probate, if the heirs and devisees of an original allottee from the Five Tribes had passed out of onehalf Native American blood quantum, the allotment loses its restricted fee status. Restricted land is not subject to State taxation, and Federal law does not dictate a minimum Native American blood degree requirement to any other tribe. The original Stigler Act itself was an egregious violation of tribal sovereignty and previous agreements between the Five Civilized Tribes and the government. The provisions of the Dawes Act that protected individual Native allottees, frankly, were effectively neutered by the passage of the Stigler Act. This legislation seeks to amend the original Stigler Act and remove the onehalf degree requirement of Native American blood. In doing so, it would provide the opportunity for heirs and devisees to take title to the land and allow the parcel to maintain its restricted status. This legislation will also create parity in Federal law in the treatment of Native American allotted land by removing the minimum blood degree requirement, which only applies to the citizens of the Five Civilized Tribes. As Native Americans, we take great pride in our heritage and the land that our ancestors maintained before us. The Stigler Act would allow Natives to pass on their restricted land to future generations who may not meet the one half degree blood requirement. Many of Oklahoma’s citizens have passed out of the onehalf blood lineage but remain vested in their Native American heritage and citizens of their respective tribal governments. This bill will help preserve the rights and legacy of Native American tribes and their inheritance in the State of Oklahoma. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support and pass H.R. 2606 to remove this outdated and discriminatory law and to preserve what Native American land is left in Oklahoma’s Indian Country. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank my friend for moving this through the committee. Also, obviously, I want to thank the chairman of the full committee, Mr. BISHOP , for his help in this matter. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2606, the Stigler Act Amendments of 2018. This legislation would end a discriminatory blood quantum requirement for members of the Five Civilized Tribes: the Cherokee, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Muskogee (Creek), and Seminole Nations. The Stigler Act of 1947 mandated that restricted land owned by a member of the Five Tribes must have 
1⁄2blood quantum in order for it to remain restricted. If the land is handed down to a relative with less than 
1⁄2blood quantum, the land is no longer restricted. No other Native American tribe in the United States is subject to the Stigler Act, and in no other tribe in the United States do the lands of tribal citizens lose their restricted status due to the blood quantum of an individual Native American. H.R. 2606 would do away with the blood quantum requirement so restricted fee land owned by citizens of the Five Tribes could remain restricted, regardless of blood quantum. By removing the blood quantum requirements in the Stigler Act, native land could remain within families and heirs despite individual Native American landowners falling below 
1⁄2 blood quantum. Tribes are sovereign nations and H.R. 2606 would treat them as such. This bill would create parity in federal law so that the government would not be able to unfairly dictate a minimum blood quantum requirement for certain tribes. It would also bring equality to members of the Five Tribes. For decades, their members have lived under a law so that applied to only their lands. As Native Americans, we take great pride in our heritage and the land that our ancestors maintained before us. The Stigler Act Amendments of 2018 would allow Natives to pass on their restricted land to future generations who may not meet the 
1⁄2blood degree requirement. Members of the Five Tribes who seek to carry on their ancestors’ heritage should be able to and this legislation ensures that members of the Five Tribes can continue to preserve restricted status of their land and reap all of the benefits that come along with it. The Five Tribes held more than 15 million acres of restricted land a century ago. Today, they hold just 380,000 acres. While H.R. 2606 will not reverse 70 years of land loss, it will certainly help prevent additional tribal land from falling out of restricted status. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of the Stigler Act Amendments of 2018 and am honored to speak in support of the legislation before the United States House of Representatives today. I urge its passage. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2606, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
9/11 MEMORIAL ACT Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6287) to provide competitive grants for the operation, security, and maintenance of certain memorials to victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6287 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘9/11 Memorial Act’’. 
In this Act: (1) COVERED MEMORIAL .—The term ‘‘covered memorial’’ means a memorial located in the United States established to commemorate the events of, and honor the victims of, the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center, the Pentagon, and United Airlines Flight 93 on September 11, 2001, at the site of the attacks. (2) ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means the official organization, as in existence on the date of enactment of this Act— (A) the focus of which is the operations and preservation of a covered memorial; and (B) which is an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under 501(a) of that Code. (3) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary shall award to eligible entities competitive grants of varying amounts, as determined by the Secretary, to be used by the eligible entity solely for the purposes described in subsection (b). (b) PURPOSES .—A grant awarded under subsection (a) shall be used by an eligible entity for the operation, security, and maintenance of a covered memorial. (c) DEADLINE FOR AWARD .—If the Secretary, after review of an application from an eligible entity, determines to award a grant to the eligible entity, the Secretary shall award the grant not later than 60 days after the date of receipt of the completed application. (d) AVAILABILITY .—Grant funds made available under this section shall remain available until expended. (e) CRITERIA .—In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary shall give greatest weight in the selection of eligible entities using the following criteria: (1) The needs of the eligible entity, and ability and commitment of the eligible entity to use grant funds, with respect to ensuring the security and safety of visitors of the covered memorial. (2) The ability of the eligible entity to match the amount of the grant, on at least a 1to1 basis, with nonFederal assets from nonFederal sources, including cash or durable goods and materials fairly valued, as determined by the Secretary. 
(3) The greatest number of visitors that would benefit. (4) The ability and commitment of an eligible entity to use grant funds— (A) to preserve the grounds at the covered memorial; and (B) to educate future generations. (5) The ability and commitment of an eligible entity to use grant funds to increase the numbers of economically disadvantaged visitors to the covered memorial. (f) LIMITATION .—No grant shall be awarded under this section— (1) for use at a covered memorial that does not provide for— (A) free admission to all facilities and museums associated with the covered memorial for active and retired members of the military, registered first responders to the attacks of September 11, 2001, and family members of victims of the attacks of September 11, 2001; and (B) dedicated free admission hours for the general public at least once a week; or (2) to an eligible entity that does not allow for annual Federal audits of the financial statements of the eligible entity, including revenues associated with ticket sales, charitable donations, grants, and all expenditures on salaries and operations, which shall be subject to review by the Secretary and made available to the public. (g) REPORTS .—Not later than 90 days after the end of each calendar year for which an eligible entity obligates or expends any amounts made available under a grant under this section, the eligible entity shall submit to the Secretary and the appropriate committees of Congress a report that— (1) specifies the amount of grant funds obligated or expended for the preceding fiscal year; (2) specifies any purposes for which the funds were obligated or expended; and (3) includes any other information that the Secretary may require to more effectively administer the grant program under this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6287, offered by Congressman TOMMACARTHUR of New Jersey, honors and memorializes the victims and heroes of September 11, 2001. The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to award grants through a competitive process to nonprofit organizations for the operation and maintenance of memorials to commemorate the events and honor the victims of the terrorist attacks on 9/11. It has been 17 years since that dark day in American history. The National September 11th Memorial in New York City, the National 9/11 Pentagon Memorial just across the Potomac River in Virginia, and the Flight 93 National Memorial near Shanksville, Pennsylvania, stand as solemn tributes and remembrances to the thousands of victims of those attacks. H.R. 6287 authorizes a competitive grant program for operation, security, and maintenance of these memorials. Throughout our Nation’s history, Congress has stepped forward to authorize operating funds in publicprivate partnership with nongovernmental organizations for memorials and museums of national significance. Like congressional authorizations of the Oklahoma City National Memorial and Museum, the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, and the Kennedy Center, a Federal authorization for grants in support of 9/11 memorials at the sites of the attacks will help to operate and maintain these sites of national remembrance and reflection. We should always remember and forever honor those who lost their lives on that fateful day. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank Representative MACARTHUR for his work on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. b1630 Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER). Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, 17 years ago, two planes crashed into the World Trade Center in my district, killing thousands of people. A third plane slammed into the Pentagon, and a fourth plane, likely destined for the very Capitol complex in which we now stand, was brought down by a group of courageous passengers in a field in Shanksville, Pennsylvania. As I do today, I represented Ground Zero on September 11, 2001. I was at the World Trade Center 4 hours after the towers fell. The scene was horrible: fire, smoke, debris, human remains, and twisted metal created an apocalyptic scene. Dust and debris filled the air, but even in that moment of deep despair and overwhelming horror, I saw signs of hope. Firefighters, police, and emergency medical technicians traveled to Lower Manhattan from around the country. Steel workers, construction workers, and hundreds of other men and women rushed to the pile to help. As the last fires were extinguished, 99 days after the attack, and the last pieces of metal were removed from Ground Zero, those feelings of hope, perseverance, and solidarity remained. In the years since the attacks, I have been grateful and inspired by how Congress has come together to help rebuild New York, and I have worked with my colleagues to support the responders, survivors, and families of the victims. In 2010, Congress passed, and in 2015 reauthorized, the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act. More than 88,000 9/11 responders and survivors have enrolled in the program to receive healthcare and support for 9/11 related illnesses. The law has also provided over $4.3 billion in compensation to responders and survivors through the Victim Compensation Fund, a program that Congress will have to reauthorize in the coming years. In addition to making our responders and survivors whole, Congress invested millions of dollars to help rebuild Lower Manhattan. One World Trade Center now fills the hole left in our skyline when the towers fell, and businesses shattered after the attack are reopened and thriving. In what was once the shadow of the towers, there now stands a comprehensive museum dedicated to sharing stories of September 11th and the bravery of those who risked everything to protect their fellow Americans that day. In place of the smoking hole I saw day after day in Lower Manhattan, there now sits a somber and inspiring memorial. It is a site of remembrance and hope; a place for every American to come and reflect on what happened that September morning, and to renew our promise, never to forget the events of that day. It is the national memorial for a national tragedy. Similarly, memorials built at the Pentagon and in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, provide places to remember and reflect, solemn reminders of the tragedy and bravery we saw on September 11th. That is why I am pleased to cosponsor legislation introduced by my colleague from New Jersey which will create a competitive grant program to provide Federal support for security operations and maintenance for 9/11 memorials. This legislation will help ensure the memorials continue to provide sacred and inspiring spots, accessible to millions of visitors for generations to come. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the bipartisan support of the members of the Natural Resources Committee and the House leadership for bringing the bill to the floor today. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and to achieve our shared goal of providing a memorial that allows our Nation to mourn, to reflect, and to renew our promises never to forget September 11th. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. MACARTHUR ). Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Montana for yielding and for his work on the committee. As my colleague from New York has just said, this has been a bipartisan effort, and I appreciate that. It is bipartisan in the Senate, as well. Seventeen years ago yesterday, our world changed forever. Every one of us 
remembers where we were that day. It is getting harder to remember life before 9/11. We have a whole generation that doesn’t know what it is like to go to an airport and not take off their shoes, or not sit on board a plane and wonder if somebody is meaning them harm. I was working in New York City in 2001, right up the block from the Trade Center, and on that terrible, sunny Tuesday when terrorists flew two planes into the New York World Trade Center, we lost nearly 3,000 of our fellow citizens. Like others, I lost people who I knew. Some lost those dearest to them: their husbands, their wives, their mothers and fathers, their sons and daughters, brothers and sisters, and close friends. We were also moved that day by stories of heroism, and we all watched as New York’s finest and first responders from elsewhere in the region ran toward danger, not away from it. In the months that followed, I had to take the ferry to New York each morning because the tunnel was closed. And I think it seared on my memory for life the look and the smell of going past Lower Manhattan and seeing the rubble still smoldering and smelling the electrical fires still burning. Mr. Speaker, 10 years later to the day, on 9/11/2011, the memorial at the World Trade Center opened. It was erected to remember those who fell; to recognize the endurance of the survivors; to honor the bravery of those who risked their lives to save others; and above all, to remember the power of our free Nation to overcome evil with good. It stands as a reminder to every generation: Never forget. Never falter. Mr. Speaker, most Americans probably don’t know that that memorial was erected with donations from private citizens, and it has continued for 7 years now with donations from private citizens. I commend them for their good work. But it is now our turn, the United States Congress, to do our part to preserve and protect this hallowed ground, and to answer this national tragedy with national support. I introduced this bill to start a process for providing funding for this memorial and other memorials of what happened on 9/11, and it will provide, ultimately, funding for security, for maintenance, for operations, and still allow those who run the museum there and who have poured their hearts and souls into this, to continue to do that. I commend the private citizens for doing what they have done, but it is now our solemn duty to not only honor the fallen, but make sure that we protect the living, and that this site is a safe place for people to go and to remember. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the 9/ 11 Memorial Act. Again, I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for coming together to introduce and, hopefully, pass this bill today. I want to thank my colleague in the Senate, CORY BOOKER , for introducing similar legislation so that we can do our part to honor those who fell. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ), my colleague. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Massachusetts for giving me the opportunity to speak on what we all consider a national tragedy, but are trying to do something here that will help us remember those lost on that fateful day. Yesterday morning, like many of my colleagues, I was back in my district to reflect on the tragic events of September 11, 2001. My district borders on New York City. Across the river, I can see the World Trade Center building from my district office. Every single day thousands of my constituents travel to and from New York City for work. The 9/11 attacks were deeply personal for New Jersey’s 10th Congressional District, as we lost 57 residents from my home county in which I live in Newark, New Jersey, the County of Essex, and we have erected a beautiful memorial in Essex County at Eagle Rock Reservation, which is a mountaintop where you can see over into New York City, where many people ventured to see what had happened on that fateful day. And so it has become a beautiful memorial there at Eagle Rock Reservation, and it is a pristine, beautiful symbol of never forgetting. The names of all of the people who perished that day are printed on a marble wall that overlooks New York. H.R. 6287 will ensure that ‘‘never again’’ is more than a slogan. It will help protect memorials in my district and across the country for future generations. The men and women who lost their lives on 9/11 and in the aftermath of the attacks are American heroes. I am proud to support this bill which will make sure that the memorials to those heroes are preserved for future generations. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. SUOZZI ), my colleague. Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative TSONGAS and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for rising in support of this bill. Yesterday, on September 11th, in small towns and large cities and country fields, Americans paused to remember September 11th. I think there are two goals to each of these ceremonies, including the ones I participated in. First, is to remember all those who have suffered so much because of the September 11th attacks; and second, is to rededicate ourselves to the promise that is America. Those who have suffered so much; those who were killed that day; the families that have been affected by it; and all those who responded and worked on that pile that was so huge. We saw the pictures on the front of the newspaper. I went there the day afterwards. The pile was massive. It looked like little ants, the firefighters and police officers and EMS personnel, that were crawling through the debris—it was so gigantic—and the acrid smell that was there. And every day we hear about other first responders who are dying of cancer related to 9/11 illnesses. We can never forget those who suffered that day and the people who worked so hard for months after that. And second, we need to rededicate ourselves to the promise of America that the terrorists tried to take away from us. This bill is an example of Democrats and Republicans working together to try and commemorate these brave souls. We need to remember that those who have gone off to foreign lands and have died on our behalf, have done so for freedom and democracy. Freedom and democracy is nothing more than politics and government, and our politics and government have become too small, too petty, and too cynical. These are big issues that are lifeanddeath issues and we need to raise up the conversation in this country. This bill is an example of working together to provide money so that people will continue to go to these facilities to remember the suffering that has been visited upon us, and to rededicate ourselves to the promise of America. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Each year, we take time on this somber anniversary to mourn and remember those lost, and to honor and pay tribute to the extraordinary heroism displayed by firefighters, first responders, and ordinary citizens whose service and sacrifice prevented the loss of life from being even greater, and who continued to serve and protect our communities every day. We express our sincere gratitude to those serving overseas on our behalf. The 9/11 Memorial & Museum at the World Trade Center provides our Nation a place of reflection and remembrance, not only for the September 11, 2001, attacks, but for an earlier attack at the World Trade Center in 1993 as well. I want to thank and commend the 9/ 11 Memorial Foundation for the work it has done since 2003 to bring the memorial and museum to fruition. This is an impressive and moving site in downtown Manhattan that will educate millions of visitors from all over the world for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Representative MACARTHUR and Representative NADLER for bringing forward the legislation before us today, which would designate the memorial and museum as a national memorial and provide a grant to the Department of the 
Interior for some of the resources needed to interpret the stories of that fateful day. Mr. Speaker, I support passage of this legislation. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6287, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1645 EVERY KID OUTDOORS ACT Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3186) to establish an Every Kid Outdoors program, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3186 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Every Kid Outdoors Act’’. 
In this Act: (1) FEDERAL LAND AND WATERS .—The term ‘‘Federal land and waters’’ means any Federal land or body of water under the jurisdiction of any of the Secretaries to which the public has access. (2) PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘program’’ means the Every Kid Outdoors program established under section 3(a). (3) SECRETARIES .—The term ‘‘Secretaries’’ means— (A) the Secretary of the Interior, acting through— (i) the Director of the National Park Service; (ii) the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; (iii) the Director of the Bureau of Land Management; and (iv) the Commissioner of Reclamation; (B) the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service; (C) the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; and (D) the Secretary of the Army, acting through the Chief of Engineers of the Corps of Engineers. (4) STATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, the District of Columbia, American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands of the United States, and any other territory or possession of the United States. (5) STUDENT OR STUDENTS .—The term ‘‘student’’ or ‘‘students’’ means any fourth grader or homeschooled learner 10 years of age residing in the United States, including any territory or possession of the United States. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretaries shall jointly establish a program, to be known as the ‘‘Every Kid Outdoors program’’, to provide free access to Federal land and waters for students and accompanying individuals in accordance with this section. (b) ANNUAL PASSES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—At the request of a student, the Secretaries shall issue a pass to the student, which allows access to Federal lands and waters for which access is subject to an entrance, standard amenity, or day use fee, free of charge for the student and— (A) in the case of a pervehicle fee area— (i) any passengers accompanying the student in a private, noncommercial vehicle; or (ii) not more than 3 adults accompanying the student on bicycles; or (B) in the case of a perperson fee area, not more than 3 adults accompanying the student. (2) TERM.—A pass described in paragraph (1) shall be effective during the period beginning on September 1 and ending on August 31 of the following year. (3) PRESENCE OF A STUDENT IN GRADE FOUR  
REQUIRED .—A pass described in paragraph (1) shall be effective only if the student to which the pass was issued is present at the point of entry to the applicable Federal land or water. (c) OTHER ACTIVITIES .—In carrying out the program, the Secretaries— (1) may collaborate with State Park systems that opt to implement a complementary Every Kid Outdoors State park pass; (2) may coordinate with the Secretary of Education to implement the program; (3) shall maintain a publicly available website with information about the program; (4) may provide visitor services for the program; and (5) may support approved partners of the Federal land and waters by providing the partners with opportunities to participate in the program. (d) REPORTS .—The Secretary of the Interior, in coordination with each Secretary, shall prepare a comprehensive report to Congress each year describing— (1) the implementation of the program; (2) the number and geographical distribution of students who participated in the program; and (3) the number of passes described in subsection (b)(1) that were distributed. (e) SUNSET .—The authorities provided in this Act, including the reporting requirement, shall expire on the date that is seven years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The Every Kid in a Park program launched in 2015 as part of the National Park Service’s centennial anniversary to encourage the next generation of park visitors. The program offers fourth graders and their families free entrance to our national parks. To date, Every Kid in a Park has enabled more than 350,000 fourth graders to use our national parks and public lands as outdoor classrooms. I have personally seen the positive impacts visiting national parks, historic sites, and recreation areas can have on young people in my home State of Montana. Special places like Glacier National Park, Little Bighorn Battlefield National Monument, Bighorn Canyon National Recreation Area, and the Upper Missouri River Breaks National Monument will be more accessible to fourth graders from all over the country with the passage of this bill. H.R. 3186 codifies this program by directing seven agencies to jointly establish the Every Kid Outdoors program to provide any fourth grader in the U.S. with a pass to gain free access to Federal lands and waters. This includes the National Park Service, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the Bureau of Land Management, the Bureau of Reclamation, the U.S. Forest Service, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, June 14, 2018. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN BISHOP : Thank you for the opportunity to review the relevant provisions of the text of H.R. 3186, the Every Kid Outdoors Act, which was favorably reported out of your Committee on May 16, 2018. As you are aware, the bill was primarily referred to the Committee on Natural Resources, while the Agriculture Committee received an additional referral. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House in an expeditious manner. Accordingly, I agree to discharge H.R. 3186 from further consideration by the Committee on Agriculture. I do so with the understanding that by discharging the bill, the Committee on Agriculture does not waive any future jurisdictional claim on this or similar matters. Further, the Committee on Agriculture reserves the right to seek the appointment of conferees, if it should become necessary. I ask that you insert a copy of our exchange of letters into the Congressional Record during consideration of this measure on the House floor. Thank you for your courtesy in this matter and I look forward to continued cooperation between our respective committees. Sincerely, K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, August 1, 2018. HON. K. M ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On May 16, 2018, the Committee on Natural Resources ordered favorably reported H.R. 3186, the Every Kid Outdoors Act. This bill was additionally referred to the Committee on Agriculture. I thank you for allowing the Committee on Agriculture to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction 
over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Agriculture represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and your response in the bill report and in the Congressional Record. Thank you for your response and cooperation. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 19, 2018. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN BISHOP : I write concerning H.R. 3186, the Every Kid Outdoors Act. This legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. In order to expedite Floor consideration of H.R. 3186, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I appreciate you working with us on the base text of the bill and request you urge the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provisions. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest in the Congressional Record during House Floor consideration of the bill. I look forward to working with the Committee on Natural Resources as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, August 1, 2018. Hon. BILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC, DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On May 16, 2018, the Committee on Natural Resources ordered favorably reported H.R. 3186, the Every Kid Outdoors Act. This bill was additionally referred to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. I thank you for allowing the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and your response in the bill report and in the Congressional Record. Thank you for your response and cooperation. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3186, the Every Kid Outdoors Act, which I was proud to introduce with my colleague Representative TIPTON , and Representatives STEFANIK and D EGETTE . The idea that there should be national public lands that belong to and are managed on behalf of the American people is a value that dates back to the founding of our country and is embedded in our Constitution. Our Nation’s public lands protect, celebrate, and give access to the many places that have shaped and defined who we are as Americans. Places like the Grand Canyon, Yellowstone, Ellis Island, and, in my own district, Minute Man National Historical Park, which commemorates the shot heard ’round the world, and Lowell National Historical Park, the first urban national park of its kind, which commemorates and protects the role that the city played in spawning our country’s industrial revolution. H.R. 3186 provides America’s fourth graders and their families free entrance to all of our treasured national parks, historic sites, wildlife refuges, and other federally managed lands and waters, more than 2,000 sites in all. This will encourage a new and more diverse generation to learn about our country’s national and historic treasures and fall in love with our public lands and great outdoors. As documented by the Congressional Budget Office, the legislation codifies an existing program and will, therefore, result in no additional cost to the Federal Government. In addition to providing free entrance to our public lands, the Every Kid Outdoors Act will also strengthen partnerships between our Federal land management agencies, schools, nonprofits, and privatesector businesses to support outdoor education programming and recreation opportunities for our country’s young people. I have seen the value of these partnerships firsthand and the impact they can have on our young people. In 2015, I had the opportunity, at Minute Man National Historical Park, to present fourth grade students from one of the larger cities in my district with their very own park pass. I will never forget their excitement at this opportunity. For many of them, it was the first time they had ever visited a national park, but I am confident it won’t be their last. I thank Mr. TIPTON for his work with me on this bipartisan legislation and Chairman BISHOP for his support in committee and bringing it to the floor. The Every Kid Outdoors Act will encourage a new and more diverse generation to learn about our country’s natural and historic treasures and fall in love with our public lands and great outdoors. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3186, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
PERMISSION TO FILE CONFERENCE REPORTS Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that managers on the part of the House have until midnight on Friday, September 14, 2018, to file conference reports. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
RECONSTRUCTION ERA NATIONAL HISTORICAL PARK ACT Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5532) to redesignate the Reconstruction Era National Monument as the Reconstruction Era National Historical Park, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5532 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Reconstruction Era National Historical Park Act’’. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) HISTORICAL PARK .—The term ‘‘historical park’’ means the Reconstruction Era National Historical Park. (2) MAP.—The term ‘‘map’’ means the maps entitled ‘‘Reconstruction Era National Monument Old Beaufort Firehouse,’’ numbered 550/ 135,755 and dated January 2017; ‘‘Reconstruction Era National Monument Darrah Hall and Brick Baptist Church,’’ numbered 550/135,756 and dated January 2017; and ‘‘Reconstruction Era National Monument Camp Saxton,’’ numbered 550/135,757 and dated January 2017, collectively. (3) NETWORK .—The term ‘‘Network’’ means the Reconstruction Era National Historic Network established pursuant to this Act. (4) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (b) ESTABLISHMENT .— (1) REDESIGNATION OF RECONSTRUCTION ERA  
NATIONAL MONUMENT .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Reconstruction Era National Monument is redesignated as the Reconstruction Era National Historical Park, as generally depicted on the map. (B) AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Any funds available for the purposes of the Reconstruction Era National Monument shall be available for the purposes of the historical park. 
(C) R EFERENCES .—Any references in a law, regulation, document, record, map, or other paper of the United States to the Reconstruction Era National Monument shall be considered to be a reference to the historical park. (2) BOUNDARY EXPANSION .— (A) BEAUFORT NATIONAL HISTORIC LANDMARK  
DISTRICT .—Subject to subparagraph (D), the Secretary is authorized to acquire land or interests in land within the Beaufort National Historic Landmark District that has historic connection to the Reconstruction Era. Upon finalizing an agreement to acquire land, the Secretary shall expand the boundary of the historical park to encompass the property. (B) ST. HELENA ISLAND .—Subject to subparagraph (D), the Secretary is authorized to acquire the following and shall expand the boundary of the historical park to include acquisitions under this authority: (i) Land and interests in land adjacent to the existing boundary on St. Helena Island, South Carolina, as reflected on the map. (ii) Land or interests in land on St. Helena Island, South Carolina, that has a historic connection to the Reconstruction Era. (C) CAMP SAXTON .—Subject to subparagraph (D), the Secretary is authorized to accept administrative jurisdiction of Federal land or interests in Federal land adjacent to the existing boundary at Camp Saxton, as reflected on the map. Upon finalizing an agreement to accept administrative jurisdiction of Federal land or interests in Federal land, the Secretary shall expand the boundary of the historical park to encompass that Federal land or interests in Federal land. (D) LAND ACQUISITION AUTHORITY .—The Sec retary may only acquire land under this Act by donation, exchange or purchase with donated funds. (c) ADMINISTRATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall administer the historical park in accordance with this Act and with the laws generally applicable to units of the National Park System. (2) MANAGEMENT PLAN .—If the management plan for the Reconstruction Era National Monument— (A) has not been completed on or before the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall incorporate all provisions of this Act into the planning process and complete a management plan for the historical park within 3 years; and (B) has been completed on or before the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall update the plan incorporating the provisions of this Act. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall— (1) establish, within the National Park Service, a program to be known as the ‘‘Reconstruction Era National Historic Network’’; (2) not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, solicit proposals from sites interested in being a part of the Network; and (3) administer the Network through the Reconstruction Era National Historical Park. (b) DUTIES OF SECRETARY .—In carrying out the Network, the Secretary shall— (1) review studies and reports to complement and not duplicate studies of the historical importance of Reconstruction Era that may be underway or completed, such as the National Park Service Reconstruction Handbook and the National Park Service Theme Study on Reconstruction; (2) produce and disseminate appropriate educational and promotional materials relating to the Reconstruction Era and the sites in the network, such as handbooks, maps, interpretive guides, or electronic information; (3) enter into appropriate cooperative agreements and memoranda of understanding to provide technical assistance; (4)(A) create and adopt an official, uniform symbol or device for the Network; and (B) issue regulations for the use of the symbol or device adopted under subparagraph (A); and (5) conduct research relating to Reconstruction and the Reconstruction Era. (c) ELEMENTS .—The Network shall encompass the following elements— (1) all units and programs of the National Park Service that are determined by the Secretary to relate to the Reconstruction Era; (2) other Federal, State, local, and privately owned properties that the Secretary determines— (A) relate to the Reconstruction Era; and (B) are included in, or determined by the Secretary to be eligible for inclusion in, the National Register of Historic Places; and (3) other governmental and nongovernmental sites, facilities, and programs of an educational, research, or interpretive nature that are directly related to the Reconstruction Era. (d) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS AND MEMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING .—To achieve the purposes of this Act and to ensure effective coordination of the Federal and nonFederal elements of the Network and units and programs of the National Park Service, the Secretary may enter into cooperative agreements and memoranda of understanding with, and provide technical assistance to, the heads of other Federal agencies, States, units of local government, regional governmental bodies, and private entities. (e) NETWORK DEFINED .—The term ‘‘Network’’ means the Reconstruction Era National Historic Network established pursuant to this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The Reconstruction era that followed the Civil War was a time of significant transformation for the United States. Reconstruction addressed how the 11 States that had left the Union would be reestablished in Congress, as well as how the civil rights and integration into a free society of 4 million formerly enslaved individuals could be secured. The Reconstruction Era National Monument was established by Presidential declaration in January 2017 as a unit of the National Park Service. It is located in Beaufort County, South Carolina, an area that has been called the birthplace of Reconstruction. In and around this area, some of the first African Americans enlisted as soldiers and founded the first African American schools and hospitals during Reconstruction. This was also the home of Robert Smalls, a former slave who became a political leader, serving on two State constitutional conventions: in the State legislature and, ultimately, the U.S. Congress. H.R. 5532 redesignates Reconstruction Era National Monument as the Reconstruction Era National Historical Park and authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to expand the park boundary. The bill also establishes the Reconstruction Era National Historic Network, which will connect similar sites across the country to promote education and preservation efforts. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ), my esteemed colleague. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative TSONGAS for managing this bill, and I thank Mr. GIANFORTE  for appearing here on the floor today. I also thank Chairman BISHOP and Ranking Member GRIJALVA for their support of this legislation in the Natural Resources Committee. I also thank Congressman MARKSANFORD , who is a cosponsor of this bill, but remains in Charleston this evening for obvious reasons. I pray God’s blessing upon him, his constituents, mine, and all others who find themselves in the path of this horrific hurricane. Mr. Speaker, throughout my tenure in this august body, I have worked to preserve and protect our Nation’s most treasured historical sites and institutions. Reconstruction, a period which lasted a little more than 13 years, is a crucial period in American history. Although it ended March 17, 1877, we tend to apply the label ‘‘Reconstruction era’’ to the latter four decades of the 19th century. It was during those years that African Americans across the South began their freedom from slavery, gained citizenship, and enjoyed equal protection of the laws and the right to vote under the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments to the Constitution. Some of the oldest and best preserved sites from the Reconstruction era are located in Beaufort County, South Carolina. Brick Baptist Church and Penn Center on St. Helena Island were the site of the original Penn School, founded in 1862 by Quaker missionaries to educate newly freed slaves, the first such school established in the South. Camp Saxton in Port Royal was a Union Army camp where, on January 1, 1863, Union General Rufus Saxton read President Lincoln’s Emancipation Proclamation to thousands of slaves who had gathered to celebrate their new freedom. The camp was also the site where the First South Carolina Volunteers were assembled, the first official Black regiment of the United States Army. With overwhelming support from their communities and local elected leadership, these sites and a visitors center in downtown Beaufort were designated Reconstruction Era National Monument by President Obama in January of 2017. 
The bill under consideration today will do three things: First, redesignate the national monument as the Reconstruction Era National Historical Park; Second, provide for possible boundary expansions within the Beaufort National Historic Landmark District and on St. Helena Island; and Third, establish the Reconstruction Era National Historic Network. As a national park is the highest level of protection and prestige our government can bestow, I believe passing this legislation will send a powerful message regarding the significance of these Reconstruction sites. Having served previously as the sponsor of the legislation redesignating the Congaree Swamp National Monument as the Congaree National Park, I can attest that the rebranding of the park resulted in an increase in annual visitors of almost 20 percent, a significant economic impact to rural South Carolina. Congress has, in recent years, redesignated both the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historic Site and the Harriet Tubman Underground Railroad National Monument as national historical parks, two sites with similar historical significance but focus on much different aspects of American history. Of course, the sites currently included in the national monument are not the only significant Reconstruction sites worthy of preservation. This legislation would allow for expansion of the boundary near the existing monument. Several very significant Reconstruction sites in the area were considered for inclusion. This bill would allow for expansion with appropriate agreement between all owners and stakeholders. However, it is not feasible to incorporate all historic sites from Reconstruction into one national park. The Reconstruction Era National Historic Network would be a program operated by the National Park Service, but sites in the network will be managed by their current owners, whether Federal, State, local, or private. b1700 This concept has been utilized in the National Underground Railroad Network to Freedom and the recently enacted African American Civil Rights Network. When the national monument was under construction, I heard from many communities with sites they thought were worthy of inclusion. With the network in place, communities can make their case for Federal recognition and assistance for their significant Reconstruction era sites without the National Park Service having to take on the obligation of owning or managing the sites. Sites like Mitchelville on Hilton Head Island, which was a selfgoverning AfricanAmerican community established during the Civil War, are deserving of Federal recognition. Mitchelville is perfect for the network concept, where the local municipal leadership is moving forward to manage the site on their own, but would welcome the increased recognition and visibility that inclusion in the network would provide. I often invoke the adage that if we fail to learn the lessons of our history, we are bound to repeat it. Sadly, many of the gains made by African Americans during the Reconstruction era were lost in the Jim Crow era that followed. Reconstruction is a story of the triumph of freedom, but it is also a lesson that freedoms are not permanent and can be fleeting, if not protected. Passage of this legislation, helping our Nation preserve, protect, document, and promote the history of Reconstruction, is critical to avoiding past mistakes and guiding our pursuit of a more perfect Union. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, as we know, H.R. 5532 establishes the Reconstruction Era National Historical Park in and around Beaufort, South Carolina, to honor, protect, and preserve the historic structures and other resources from that chapter in American history. We know how effective that kind of protection can be. Recognizing the importance of highlighting the resources in Beaufort, President Obama used the Antiquities Act to designate the site as a national monument. This bill is an important followup to that original designation. It will ensure permanent protection and provide steady guidelines for future management. I want to thank Mr. CLYBURN for his hard work throughout the initial designation process and the development of this bill. Without his leadership, this project would not have come this far, and he deserves our recognition. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5532, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
BUREAU OF RECLAMATION TRANSPARENCY ACT Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 660) to require the Secretary of the Interior to submit to Congress a report on the efforts of the Bureau of Reclamation to manage its infrastructure assets. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 660 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation Transparency Act’’. 
Congress finds that— (1) the water resources infrastructure of the Bureau of Reclamation provides important benefits related to irrigated agriculture, municipal and industrial water, hydropower, flood control, fish and wildlife, and recreation in the 17 Reclamation States; (2) as of 2013, the combined replacement value of the infrastructure assets of the Bureau of Reclamation was $94,500,000,000; (3) the majority of the water resources infrastructure facilities of the Bureau of Reclamation are at least 60 years old; (4) the Bureau of Reclamation has previously undertaken efforts to better manage the assets of the Bureau of Reclamation, including an annual review of asset maintenance activities of the Bureau of Reclamation known as the ‘‘Asset Management Plan’’; and (5) actionable information on infrastructure conditions at the asset level, including information on maintenance needs at individual assets due to aging infrastructure, is needed for Congress to conduct oversight of Reclamation facilities and meet the needs of the public. 
In this Act: (1) ASSET.— (A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘‘asset’’ means any of the following assets that are used to achieve the mission of the Bureau of Reclamation to manage, develop, and protect water and related resources in an environmentally and economically sound manner in the interest of the people of the United States: (i) Capitalized facilities, buildings, structures, project features, power production equipment, recreation facilities, or quarters. (ii) Capitalized and noncapitalized heavy equipment and other installed equipment. (B) INCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘asset’’ includes assets described in subparagraph (A) that are considered to be mission critical. (2) ASSET MANAGEMENT REPORT .—The term ‘‘Asset Management Report’’ means— (A) the annual plan prepared by the Bureau of Reclamation known as the ‘‘Asset Management Plan’’; and (B) any publicly available information relating to the plan described in subparagraph (A) that summarizes the efforts of the Bureau of Reclamation to evaluate and manage infrastructure assets of the Bureau of Reclamation. (3) MAJOR REPAIR AND REHABILITATION  
NEED .—The term ‘‘major repair and rehabilitation need’’ means major nonrecurring maintenance at a Reclamation facility, including maintenance related to the safety of dams, extraordinary maintenance of dams, deferred major maintenance activities, and all other significant repairs and extraordinary maintenance. (4) RECLAMATION FACILITY .—The term ‘‘Reclamation facility’’ means each of the infrastructure assets that are owned by the Bureau of Reclamation at a Reclamation project. (5) RECLAMATION PROJECT .—The term ‘‘Reclamation project’’ means a project that is owned by the Bureau of Reclamation, including all reserved works and transferred works owned by the Bureau of Reclamation. 
(6) R ESERVED WORKS .—The term ‘‘reserved works’’ means buildings, structures, facilities, or equipment that are owned by the Bureau of Reclamation for which operations and maintenance are performed by employees of the Bureau of Reclamation or through a contract entered into by the Bureau of Reclamation, regardless of the source of funding for the operations and maintenance. (7) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (8) TRANSFERRED WORKS .—The term ‘‘transferred works’’ means a Reclamation facility at which operations and maintenance of the facility is carried out by a nonFederal entity under the provisions of a formal operations and maintenance transfer contract or other legal agreement with the Bureau of Reclamation. 
SEC. 4. ASSET MANAGEMENT REPORT ENHANCEMENTS FOR RESERVED WORKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress an Asset Management Report that— (1) describes the efforts of the Bureau of Reclamation— (A) to maintain in a reliable manner all reserved works at Reclamation facilities; and (B) to standardize and streamline data reporting and processes across regions and areas for the purpose of maintaining reserved works at Reclamation facilities; and (2) expands on the information otherwise provided in an Asset Management Report, in accordance with subsection (b). (b) INFRASTRUCTURE MAINTENANCE NEEDS  ASSESSMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Asset Management Report submitted under subsection (a) shall include— (A) a detailed assessment of major repair and rehabilitation needs for all reserved works at all Reclamation projects; and (B) to the extent practicable, an itemized list of major repair and rehabilitation needs of individual Reclamation facilities at each Reclamation project. (2) INCLUSIONS .—To the extent practicable, the itemized list of major repair and rehabilitation needs under paragraph (1)(B) shall include— (A) a budget level cost estimate of the appropriations needed to complete each item; and (B) an assignment of a categorical rating for each item, consistent with paragraph (3). (3) RATING REQUIREMENTS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The system for assigning ratings under paragraph (2)(B) shall be— (i) consistent with existing uniform categorization systems to inform the annual budget process and agency requirements; and (ii) subject to the guidance and instructions issued under subparagraph (B). (B) GUIDANCE .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue guidance that describes the applicability of the rating system applicable under paragraph (2)(B) to Reclamation facilities. (4) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Except as provided in paragraph (5), the Secretary shall make publicly available, including on the Internet, the Asset Management Report required under subsection (a). (5) CONFIDENTIALITY .—The Secretary may exclude from the public version of the Asset Management Report made available under paragraph (4) any information that the Secretary identifies as sensitive or classified, but shall make available to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a version of the report containing the sensitive or classified information. (c) UPDATES .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which the Asset Management Report is submitted under subsection (a) and biennially thereafter, the Secretary shall update the Asset Management Report, subject to the requirements of section 5(b)(2). (d) CONSULTATION .—To the extent that such consultation would assist the Secretary in preparing the Asset Management Report under subsection (a) and updates to the Asset Management Report under subsection (c), the Secretary shall consult with— (1) the Secretary of the Army (acting through the Chief of Engineers); and (2) water and power contractors. 
SEC. 5. ASSET MANAGEMENT REPORT ENHANCEMENTS FOR TRANSFERRED WORKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall coordinate with the nonFederal entities responsible for the operation and maintenance of transferred works in developing reporting requirements for Asset Management Reports with respect to major repair and rehabilitation needs for transferred works that are similar to the reporting requirements described in section 4(b). (b) GUIDANCE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—After considering input from water and power contractors of the Bureau of Reclamation, the Secretary shall develop and implement a rating system for transferred works that incorporates, to the maximum extent practicable, the rating system for major repair and rehabilitation needs for reserved works developed under section 4(b)(3). (2) UPDATES .—The ratings system developed under paragraph (1) shall be included in the updated Asset Management Reports under section 4(c). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in the case of the project authorized by section 1617 of the Reclamation Projects Authorization and Adjustment Act of 1992 (43 U.S.C. 390h–12c), the maximum amount of the Federal share of the cost of the project under section 1631(d)(1) of that Act (43 U.S.C. 390h–13(d)(1)) otherwise available as of the date of enactment of this Act shall be reduced by $2,000,000. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P OE of Texas). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent for all Members to have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 660 is bipartisan legislation introduced by Representative PAULGOSAR of Arizona. For more than a century, the Bureau of Reclamation has transformed the West into a powerhouse that feeds the Nation and the world, and provides renewable and emissionsfree energy for millions. Bureau of Reclamation projects have proven to be critical to the American way of life in the West, and we must ensure their protection for future generations. This means having open and honest discussions about the challenges the Bureau of Reclamation faces maintaining and repairing these projects. To that end, H.R. 660 is a bipartisan bill that requires the Federal Government to make public in a unified way the estimated cost of repairs for reclamation facilities. The American public has asked for and deserves laws that reflect transparency and open discussion. H.R. 660 delivers that. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for his work on this. I urge adoption, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 660 would improve data collection and reporting on the condition of Bureau of Reclamation infrastructure. Much of the Bureau of Reclamation’s aging water infrastructure was constructed more than one half century ago. It is critically important that Congress and the public have sufficient information on which facilities are most in need of major repairs, if we are going to properly address our Nation’s water infrastructure needs. H.R. 660 is bipartisan legislation that will help Congress gather the information we need. I would also like to note for the record that stakeholders have expressed a desire for minor changes to section 6 of this bill, so that there are no unintended consequences for proposed water recycling projects. As this bill advances through the legislative process, it will be important to work with the bill sponsor and our Senate colleagues to refine the bill text. Mr. Speaker, I support passage of this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Montana for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 660, the Bureau of Reclamation Transparency Act. This bicameral, bipartisan legislation increases transparency, consolidates multiple reports, and requires the Bureau of Reclamation, the BOR, to do a thorough inventory of its assets, as well as prioritize major repairs necessary at the agency’s facilities. This bill has a strong history of bipartisan support. It was approved unanimously by the Senate in the 113th Congress, with Senators BARRASSO and SCHATZ ushering passage. The previous administration testified in strong support of the bill last Congress. This Congress, the Trump administration testified in strong support of the Senate bill, which is identical to the House bill. 
The bill has five Democratic cosponsors and 15 Republican cosponsors. The bill passed the House Committee on Natural Resources by unanimous consent. Senator BARRASSO and Senator SCHATZ are again spearheading the Senate companion, and the Senate bill has passed the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. For more than a century, the Bureau of Reclamation has transformed the West into a powerhouse that feeds the Nation and the world while also providing renewable, emissionsfree energy for millions of Americans. BOR provides essential services that benefit water and power users, as well as our Nation’s farmers. The agency delivers water to more than 30 million people and provides one in five Western farmers with water to irrigate their crops. The BOR’s assets include more than 476 dams and dikes, and the agency is also responsible for the operations of 53 different hydroelectric power plants. This legislation is timely and necessary. The Bureau of Reclamation was established in 1902, and much of the agency’s nowaging infrastructure was built more than 50 years ago. Many of the facilities operated by the BOR are in desperate need of repairs, to the tune of several billion dollars. This bill requires the Federal Government make public the estimated cost of repairs for reclamation facilities. For years, Congress and water users throughout the country have asked for such information, only to be rebuffed time and again. Taxpayers deserve accountability from their government and oversight on how it spends their money. Sunshine on expenditures and increased transparency is good for any Federal bureaucracy or agency. The Bureau of Reclamation Transparency Act requires a cost estimate and a detailed list of major repairs for BOR facilities. Such actions will allow for meaningful steps to be taken to address the maintenance backlog, as well as to ensure an abundant supply of clean water and power for future generations. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the committee’s time and work on this bill, and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 660. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 660. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. AUTHORIZING EARLY REPAYMENT OF OBLIGATIONS TO BUREAU OF RECLAMATION WITHIN NORTHPORT IRRIGATION DISTRICT Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4689) to authorize early repayment of obligations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Nebraska. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4689 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 213 of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (43 U.S.C. 390mm), any landowner within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Nebraska (referred to in this section as the ‘‘District’’) may repay, at any time, the construction costs of project facilities allocated to the landowner’s land within the District. (b) APPLICABILITY OF FULLCOST PRICING  LIMITATIONS .—On discharge, in full, of the obligation for repayment of all construction costs described in subsection (a) that are allocated to all land the landowner owns in the District in question, the parcels of land shall not be subject to the ownership and fullcost pricing limitations under Federal reclamation law (the Act of June 17, 1902, 32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), and Acts supplemental to and amendatory of that Act (43 U.S.C. 371 et seq.), including the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (13 U.S.C. 390aa et seq.). (c) CERTIFICATION .—On request of a landowner that has repaid, in full, the construction costs described in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Interior shall provide to the landowner a certificate described in section 213(b)(1) of the Reclamation Reform Act of 1982 (43 U.S.C. 390mm(b)(1)). (d) EFFECT .—Nothing in this section— (1) modifies any contractual rights under, or amends or reopens, the reclamation contract between the District and the United States; or (2) modifies any rights, obligations, or relationships between the District and landowners in the District under Nebraska State law. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. SMITH). Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, under Federal reclamation law, irrigation districts that receive water from a Bureau of Reclamation facility typically repay their portion of the capital costs of water projects under longterm contracts. Under its current contract and current law, Northport Irrigation District is exempt from annual capital repayment if their carriage fee exceeds $8,000 per year. Given the carriage fee has greatly exceeded this amount every year since the 1950s, Northport’s capital repayment debt has been stagnant at more than $923,000 since 1952. So long as the debt endures, landowners are subject to burdensome reporting requirements and acreage limitations, and no revenue is generated for the Federal Government. I introduced this bill to provide members of the Northport Irrigation District early repayment authority under their dated reclamation contract. Allowing producers within the Northport Irrigation District to pay off their portion of the contract means the government will receive funds otherwise uncollected and landowners will be relieved of costly constraints that threaten familyowned operations. For example, at a previous Water, Power and Oceans Subcommittee hearing, a member of the Northport district testified that acreage limitations will prohibit parents who own land in the district from passing down or selling farmland to sons and daughters who also own land in the same district. Similar legislation has previously passed under bipartisan majorities and, according to past CBO projections, could generate as much as $440,000 in Federal revenue. This is a very simple bill that would make a big difference to some family farmers in Nebraska. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4689 would authorize landowners served by the Northport Irrigation District to prepay the remaining portion of construction costs allocated to them for the North Platte project. In exchange, the landowners who pay will no longer be subject to Federal acreage limitations and other requirements associated with the Reclamation Reform Act. Mr. Speaker, we do not object to this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize Mr. SMITH for his work on this bill, and I yield back the remainder of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4689. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1715 UNITED STATESISRAEL SECURITY ASSISTANCE AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2497) to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make improvements to certain defense and security assistance provisions and to authorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2497 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ileana RosLehtinen United States Israel Security Assistance Authorization Act of 2018’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Appropriate congressional committees defined. TITLE I—SECURITY ASSISTANCE FOR ISRAEL Sec. 101. Findings. Sec. 102. Statement of policy regarding Israel’s defense systems. Sec. 103. Assistance for Israel. Sec. 104. Extension of war reserves stockpile authority. Sec. 105. Extension of loan guarantees to Israel. Sec. 106. Transfer of precision guided munitions to Israel. Sec. 107. Sense of Congress on rapid acquisition and deployment procedures. Sec. 108. Eligibility of Israel for the strategic trade authorization exception to certain export control licensing requirements. TITLE II—ENHANCED UNITED STATES ISRAEL COOPERATION Sec. 201. United StatesIsrael space cooperation. Sec. 202. United States Agency for International DevelopmentIsrael enhanced partnership for development cooperation in developing nations. Sec. 203. Authority to enter into a cooperative project agreement with Israel to counter unmanned aerial vehicles that threaten the United States or Israel. TITLE III—ENSURING ISRAEL’S QUALITATIVE MILITARY EDGE Sec. 301. Statement of policy. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. TITLE I—SECURITY ASSISTANCE FOR ISRAEL SEC. 101. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) In February 1987, the United States granted Israel major nonNATO ally status. (2) On August 16, 2007, the United States and Israel signed a tenyear Memorandum of Understanding on United States military assistance to Israel. The total assistance over the course of this understanding would equal $30,000,000,000. (3) On July 27, 2012, the United States Israel Enhanced Security Cooperation Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–150; 22 U.S.C. 8601 et seq.) declared it to be the policy of the United States ‘‘to help the Government of Israel preserve its qualitative military edge amid rapid and uncertain regional political transformation’’ and stated the sense of Congress that the United States Government should ‘‘provide the Government of Israel defense articles and defense services through such mechanisms as appropriate, to include air refueling tankers, missile defense capabilities, and specialized munitions’’. (4) On December 19, 2014, President Barack Obama signed into law the United States Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–296) which stated the sense of Congress that Israel is a major strategic partner of the United States and declared it to be the policy of the United States ‘‘to continue to provide Israel with robust security assistance, including for the procurement of the Iron Dome Missile Defense System’’. (5) Section 1679 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1135) authorized funds to be appropriated for Israeli cooperative missile defense program codevelopment and coproduction, including funds to be provided to the Government of Israel to procure the David’s Sling weapon system as well as the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program. (6) On September 14, 2016, the United States and Israel signed a tenyear Memorandum of Understanding reaffirming the importance of continuing annual United States military assistance to Israel and cooperative missile defense programs in a way that enhances Israel’s security and strengthens the bilateral relationship between the two countries. (7) The 2016 Memorandum of Understanding reflected United States support of Foreign Military Financing (FMF) grant assistance to Israel over the ten year period beginning in fiscal year 2019 and ending in fiscal year 2028. FMF grant assistance would be at a level of $3,300,000,000 annually, totaling $33,000,000,000, the largest single pledge of military assistance ever and a reiteration of the sevendecade, unshakeable, bipartisan commitment of the United States to Israel’s security. (8) The Memorandum of Understanding also reflected United States support for funding for cooperative programs to develop, produce, and procure missile, rocket, and projectile defense capabilities over a ten year period beginning in fiscal year 2019 and ending in fiscal year 2028 at a level of $500,000,000 per year, totaling $5,000,000,000. 
SEC. 102. STATEMENT OF POLICY REGARDING ISRAEL’S DEFENSE SYSTEMS. 
It shall be the policy of the United States to provide assistance to the Government of Israel in order to support funding for cooperative programs to develop, produce, and procure missile, rocket, projectile, and other defense capabilities to help Israel meet its security needs and to help develop and enhance United States defense capabilities. 
Section 513(c) of the Security Assistance Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–280; 114 Stat. 856) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2002 and 2003’’ and inserting ‘‘2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027, and 2028’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘equal to—’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than $3,300,000,000.’’; and (B) by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B). SEC. 104. EXTENSION OF WAR RESERVES STOCKPILE AUTHORITY. 
Section 514(b)(2)(A) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321h(b)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023.’’. 
Chapter 5 of title I of the Emergency Wartime Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2003 (Public Law 108–11; 117 Stat. 576) is amended under the heading ‘‘LOAN GUARANTEES TO  ISRAEL ’’— (1) in the matter preceding the first proviso, by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’; and (2) in the second proviso, by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’. 
SEC. 106. TRANSFER OF PRECISION GUIDED MUNITIONS TO ISRAEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 514 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321h), the President is authorized to transfer such quantities of precision guided munitions from reserve stocks to Israel as necessary for legitimate selfdefense and otherwise consistent with the purposes and conditions for such transfers under the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.). (b) CERTIFICATIONS .—Except in case of emergency, not later than 5 days before making a transfer under this section, the President shall certify in an unclassified notification to the appropriate congressional committees that the transfer of the precision guided munitions— (1) does not affect the ability of the United States to maintain a sufficient supply of precision guided munitions; (2) does not harm the combat readiness of the United States or the ability of the United States to meet its commitment to allies for the transfer of such munitions; (3) is necessary for Israel to counter the threat of rockets in a timely fashion; and (4) is in the national security interest of the United States. 
SEC. 107. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON RAPID ACQUISITION AND DEPLOYMENT PROCEDURES. 
It is the sense of Congress that the President should prescribe procedures for the rapid acquisition and deployment of precision guided munitions for United States counterterrorism missions, or to assist an ally of the United States, including Israel, that is subject to direct missile threat. 
SEC. 108. ELIGIBILITY OF ISRAEL FOR THE STRATEGIC TRADE AUTHORIZATION EXCEPTION TO CERTAIN EXPORT CONTROL LICENSING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) Israel has adopted high standards in the field of export controls. (2) Israel has declared its unilateral adherence to the Missile Technology Control Regime, the Australia Group, and the Nuclear Suppliers Group. (3) Israel is a party to— (A) the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons which may be Deemed to be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects, signed at Geneva October 10, 1980; (B) the Protocol for the Prohibition of the Use in War of Asphyxiating, Poisonous or 
Other Gases, and of Bacteriological Methods of Warfare, signed at Geneva June 17, 1925; and (C) the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, adopted at Vienna October 26, 1979. (4) Section 6(b) of the United StatesIsrael Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8603 note) directs the President, consistent with the commitments of the United States under international agreements, to take steps so that Israel may be included in the list of countries eligible for the strategic trade authorization exception under section 740.20(c)(1) of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, to the requirement for a license for the export, reexport, or incountry transfer of an item subject to controls under the Export Administration Regulations. (b) REPORT ON ELIGIBILITY FOR STRATEGIC  TRADE AUTHORIZATION EXCEPTION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that describes the steps taken pursuant to section 6(b) of the United StatesIsrael Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8603 note). (2) FORM.—The report required under paragraph (1) shall be provided in unclassified form, but may contain a classified portion. TITLE II—ENHANCED UNITED STATES ISRAEL COOPERATION 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) Authorized in 1958, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) supports and coordinates United States Government research in aeronautics, human exploration and operations, science, and space technology. (2) Established in 1983, the Israel Space Agency (ISA) supports the growth of Israel’s space industry by supporting academic research, technological innovation, and educational activities. (3) The mutual interest of the United States and Israel in space exploration affords both nations an opportunity to leverage their unique abilities to advance scientific discovery. (4) In 1996, NASA and the ISA entered into an agreement outlining areas of mutual cooperation, which remained in force until 2005. (5) Since 1996, NASA and the ISA have successfully cooperated on many space programs supporting the Global Positioning System and research related to the sun, earth science, and the environment. (6) The bond between NASA and the ISA was permanently forged on February 1, 2003, with the loss of the crew of STS–107, including Israeli Astronaut Ilan Ramon. (7) On October 13, 2015, the United States and Israel signed the Framework Agreement between the National Aeronautics and Space Administration of the United States of America and the Israel Space Agency for Cooperation in Aeronautics and the Exploration and Use of Airspace and Outer Space for Peaceful Purposes. (b) CONTINUING COOPERATION .—The Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall continue to work with the Israel Space Agency to identify and cooperatively pursue peaceful space exploration and science initiatives in areas of mutual interest, taking all appropriate measures to protect sensitive information, intellectual property, trade secrets, and economic interests of the United States. SEC. 202. UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENTISRAEL ENHANCED PARTNERSHIP FOR DEVELOPMENT COOPERATION IN DEVELOPING NATIONS. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It should be the policy of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) to partner with Israel in order to advance common goals across a wide variety of sectors, including energy, agriculture and food security, democracy, human rights and governance, economic growth and trade, education, environment, global health, and water and sanitation. (b) MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—The Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development is authorized to enter into memoranda of understanding with Israel in order to enhance coordination on advancing common goals on energy, agriculture and food security, democracy, human rights and governance, economic growth and trade, education, environment, global health, and water and sanitation with a focus on strengthening mutual ties and cooperation with nations throughout the world. 
SEC. 203. AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO A COOPERATIVE PROJECT AGREEMENT WITH ISRAEL TO COUNTER UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES THAT THREATEN THE UNITED STATES OR ISRAEL. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) On February 10, 2018, Iran launched from Syria an unmanned aerial vehicle (commonly known as a ‘‘drone’’) that penetrated Israeli airspace. (2) According to a press report, the unmanned aerial vehicle was in Israeli airspace for a minute and a half before being shot down by its air force. (3) Senior Israeli officials stated that the unmanned aerial vehicle was an advanced piece of technology. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) joint research and development to counter unmanned aerial vehicles will serve the national security interests of the United States and Israel; (2) Israel faces urgent and emerging threats from unmanned aerial vehicles, and other unmanned vehicles, launched from Lebanon by Hezbollah, from Syria by Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps, or from others seeking to attack Israel; (3) efforts to counter unmanned aerial vehicles should include the feasibility of utilizing directed energy and high powered microwave technologies, which can disable vehicles without kinetic destruction; and (4) the United States and Israel should continue to work together to defend against all threats to the safety, security, and national interests of both countries. (c) AUTHORITY TOENTER INTO AGREE MENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The President is authorized to enter into a cooperative project agreement with Israel under the authority of section 27 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2767), to carry out research on, and development, testing, evaluation, and joint production (including followon support) of, defense articles and defense services, such as the use of directed energy or high powered microwave technology, to detect, track, and destroy unmanned aerial vehicles that threaten the United States or Israel. (2) APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS .—The cooperative project agreement described in paragraph (1) shall— (A) provide that any activities carried out pursuant to the agreement are subject to— (i) the applicable requirements described in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of section 27(b)(2) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2767(b)(2)); and (ii) any other applicable requirements of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.) with respect to the use, transfers, and security of such defense articles and defense services under that Act; (B) establish a framework to negotiate the rights to intellectual property developed under the agreement; and (C) include appropriate protections for sensitive technology. (d) REPORT ON COOPERATION .— (1) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees (as that term is defined in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code), the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report describing the cooperation of the United States with Israel with respect to countering unmanned aerial systems that includes each of the following: (A) An identification of specific capability gaps of the United States and Israel with respect to countering unmanned aerial systems. (B) An identification of cooperative projects that would address those capability gaps and mutually benefit and strengthen the security of the United States and Israel. (C) An assessment of the projected cost for research and development efforts for such cooperative projects, including an identification of those to be conducted in the United States, and the timeline for the completion of each such project. (D) An assessment of the extent to which the capability gaps of the United States identified pursuant to subparagraph (A) are not likely to be addressed through the cooperative projects identified pursuant to subparagraph (B). (E) An assessment of the projected costs for procurement and fielding of any capabilities developed jointly pursuant to an agreement described in subsection (c). (2) LIMITATION .—No activities may be conducted pursuant to an agreement described in subsection (c) until the date that is 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits the report required under paragraph (1). TITLE III—ENSURING ISRAEL’S QUALITATIVE MILITARY EDGE 
It is the policy of the United States to ensure that Israel maintains its ability to counter and defeat any credible conventional military, or emerging, threat from any individual state or possible coalition of states or from nonstate actors, while sustaining minimal damages and casualties, through the use of superior military means, possessed in sufficient quantity, including weapons, command, control, communication, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capabilities that in their technical characteristics are superior in capability to those of such other individual or possible coalition states or nonstate actors. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days 
in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as we all know, Israel faces growing threats, but particularly from Iran and its terrorist proxies such as Hezbollah. This year, for the first time, we have seen direct military engagement between Iran and Israel. It is not just attacks coming over the border from Lebanon with Hezbollah, but direct military attacks. Iran launched a drone and fired rockets toward Israel. They did both from the perch that they have now in Syria. Those Iranian militia and troops are in Syria. Meanwhile, Iran’s terrorist proxy, Hezbollah, continues to amass rockets and missiles. They have well over 100,000 in their inventory now. This bill will ensure that the United States continues to have Israel’s back in the face of these growing threats. With this measure, we are codifying the assistance levels in the latest 10 year U.S.Israel memorandum of understanding. What that aims to do is strengthen our already robust relationship, especially on defense matters. The bill also works to build on the United States’ and Israel’s successful history of cooperation on technology development. Think of the Iron Dome missile defense system, which shot down some of those Iranian rockets. Mr. ENGEL and I have seen those Iron Dome systems at work, deployed in Israel. More recently, the U.S. and Israel have begun collaborating on antitunnel technology. Why? Well, ELIOT and I can tell you that we had the opportunity—and this was a sad story—to go into one of those tunnels. We did not know where that tunnel ended up when we started. The other end of that tunnel was an elementary school in Israel. Obviously, the intent of the terrorists was to use that tunnel in order to go in and kidnap children and then force the IDF to fight block by block by block. Hamas dug those tunnels. Hezbollah digs tunnels, as well. This antitunnel technology will help the IDF find and destroy those tunnels that are used for smuggling and launching attacks on Israel. This measure supports continued cooperation on space science and exploration, in line with the NASA Administrator’s recent trip to Israel to discuss expanding U.S.Israel space cooperation. This bill also authorizes the United States and Israel to collaborate on humanitarian assistance projects around the world. It authorizes the President to transfer precisionguided munitions to Israel. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROS LEHTINEN ). She is chairman emeritus of the full committee and the current chairman of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee. I thank her for her work on this bill. I also thank the gentleman from Florida, TEDDEUTCH , the ranking member of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee. Together, these two members authored the House companion to this Senate bill, which passed our committee unanimously, the latest in a long list of successful collaborations between our committee members. In honor of her tremendous legacy as an advocate for Israel, we are naming this legislation the ILEANA ROS LEHTINEN United StatesIsrael Security Assistance Act of 2018. In her almost three decades in the House, Chairman ROSLEHTINEN has made steadfast support for Israel a hallmark of her congressional career. She was the first woman to chair the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the first Hispanic women to serve in Congress. The U.S.Israel relationship is stronger for the work that she has done in Congress. She will be greatly missed. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND TECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, September 10, 2018. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing concerning S. 2497, the ‘‘United StatesIsrael Security Assistance Authorization Act of 2018,’’ which was referred to your Committee on August 3, 2018. S. 2497 contains provisions within the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’s Rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, LAMAR SMITH, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, September 10, 2018. Hon. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH: Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of S. 2497, United StatesIsrael Security Assistance Authorization Act of 2018, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on S. 2497 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, September 10, 2018. Hon. WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, House Armed Services Committee, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of S. 2497, United StatesIsrael Security Assistance Authorization Act of 2018, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on S. 2497 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. We are taking up a bill from the Senate that I fully support, with a couple of small amendments. One of these amendments is to rename the legislation after a Member of this House. I find myself experiencing a little bit of denial, because it reminds me that one of our most able and valued colleagues is about to wrap up her distinguished career. I can’t imagine what it is going to be like without ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN around here. She came to Congress the year after I did, and we have been close friends ever since. The gentlewoman from Florida has been a dear friend and an exceptional colleague, and there has been no fiercer champion of the U.S.Israel relationship than ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN . So it is entirely fitting that we amend this bill to name it in her honor, the ILEANA  ROSLEHTINEN U.S.Israel Security Assistance Authorization Act. Let me also thank the chief Democratic sponsor of this legislation, Mr. 
DEUTCH , also of Florida, who has worked tirelessly to shape this legislation and to reaffirm the unshakable bond between the United States and Israel. This bill, like the House version passed by the Foreign Affairs Committee, fully authorizes the historic memorandum of understanding, or MOU, between the United States and Israel, which President Obama signed and which will go into effect next year. This MOU provides for a 10year agreement at $3.3 billion per year and a $500 million missile defense pledge, the largest single pledge of military assistance in our country’s history. The MOU is a concrete example of something I often say; while prime ministers may come and go, Presidents come and go, members of Knesset come and go, and Members of Congress come and go, the U.S.Israel relationship is here to stay. Our relationship with Israel benefits both our countries. For both of us, it strengthens security and stability, and advances our shared values. This is the bedrock of our friendship. This bill moves us forward in new areas of cooperation. For example, Mr. KILMER of Washington wrote a provision that will spur closer cooperation on space issues. Mr. CRIST of Florida wrote a section dealing with unmanned aerial vehicles that threaten the United States or Israel. Mr. SCHNEIDER ’s work will help ensure Israel’s qualitative military edge. Mr. BOYLE included a measure that will increase Israel’s access to precisionguided munitions. I would like to point out a couple of issues, which I hope we can address through additional legislation. This bill was originally intended to include Mr. LANGEVIN ’s legislation to enhance U.S.Israel cooperation on cybersecurity. This is an area where we should be working together. So I was disappointed that it was struck from this, and I hope that it soon crosses the finish line as a standalone bill. Additionally, Mr. BOYLE ’s bill to allow Israel to purchase precisionguided weapons was included in the Senate bill. The Armed Services Committee majority objected. So this version waters down the authorization for these purchases to a sense of Congress, which is considerably weaker. While I wish Armed Services Republicans would reconsider their objection, I won’t stand in the way of moving this critical bill forward at this time. I am told that their concern is jurisdictional, and I hope they will remain sensitive to this issue the next time a defense authorization comes to the floor loaded down with provisions that fall in the jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Let me finish by saying that this bill is very timely. The threats facing the United States and Israel are becoming more urgent and more complex. ISIS is growing in the Sinai; Israel’s neighbors are shouldering new burdens from refugees, causing further instability; and Iran’s behavior in the region has, unfortunately become even more dangerous. The United States has been there by Israel’s side throughout this dangerous time. And that is the way it should be. Today, we put that into law. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I congratulate my good friend, ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN . Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROS LEHTINEN ), the chairman emeritus of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the author of H.R. 5141, the House predecessor of the legislation we have before us. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his kind words and the words of my good friend, Ranking Member ENGEL . This is truly an unexpected, humbling honor. I thank both of their teams for their leadership in bringing this bill to the floor, and I thank all Members and supporters of Israel. There are so many of us in this Chamber. We have been through a lot together and the U.S.Israel relationship is stronger because every single one of us works hard at it. Mr. Speaker, a special thank you to my dear friend and Florida colleague, TEDDEUTCH , the great ranking member of our subcommittee, with whom I have had the honor of working so closely on these issues over the past 6 years. He is the author of this newly named bill and the one with that idea. As so many know, Mr. Speaker, it has been an absolute joy for me to have been a part of this distinguished body for almost 30 years, as the chairman points out, to advocate for my constituents and to serve on our esteemed House Committee on Foreign Affairs to promote American ideals like freedom, democracy, and human rights, and to help strengthen the bonds we have with allies around the world. No relationship, Mr. Speaker, is more important than the one that we have with the democratic Jewish State of Israel. Israel is an indispensable, strategic partner, not just for its protection of U.S. interests, but because of our shared beliefs and our shared values. I have had the incredible honor and privilege to travel to Israel, both with the chairman, the ranking member, and Mr. DEUTCH . We have seen firsthand that these shared values and these shared beliefs are seen every day in Israel, after centuries of suffering, and it has allowed the Jewish people to beat all the odds and to develop a country that has become a thriving global leader. It only gets more impressive when you consider the neighborhood where Israel is—one that has never been more dangerous and more threatening to them than it is today. The threats just keep getting tougher for Israel. For all of these reasons, I am so proud to have authored, along with the ranking member, Mr. DEUTCH , this bill, because we have worked together on this and we advocated for the bill before us today. The bill authorizes, as has been explained, additional security assistance for Israel at a minimum of $3.3 billion, the level agreed to in the memorandum of understanding, for the next 10 years. With this bill, Mr. Speaker, we both have the comfort of knowing that our support for Israel will be ironclad, but it also provides us with the flexibility to modify that support should the threats to Israel increase. If additional support is needed, it would be given. From drones and emerging threats to cybersecurity to space to development cooperation in other countries, this bill also includes a host of other provisions to expand our collaboration in other areas. Collaboration is an important word because, as the chair and ranking member have pointed out, this bill has been a positive, collaborative effort by many Members in a bipartisan manner. The U.S.Israel partnership has never been stronger than it is today. It is my sincere honor to have played a very small part in that. I encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill, in spite of its name. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ), the lead Democratic author on the House version of the bill. He is also a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee and the ranking member of the Middle East Subcommittee. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to rise in support of the Ileana RosLehtinen U.S.Israel Security Assistance Authorization Act of 2018. b1730 I am proud to have worked on this critical security bill with my colleague and friend, Congresswoman ILEANA  ROSLEHTINEN . The U.S.Israel relationship has been and must continue to be a bipartisan priority regardless of the party in power at either end of Pennsylvania Avenue. With today’s vote, we have the chance to reinforce that point. The threats against Israel remain numerous and complex. Iran is seeking to secure a permanent foothold in neighboring Syria. Hezbollah continues to stockpile an estimated 150,000 missiles near Israel’s border, and a humanitarian crisis looms in Gaza, threatening stability in Israel. Israel must be prepared to defend itself from threats coming from every direction, from everything from the most rudimentary of weapons—as we have seen with the ‘‘arson kites’’ from Hamas, the ‘‘terror kites’’—to advanced Iranianmade missiles. The 2016 memorandum of understanding between our countries committed unprecedented levels of security. That assistance is $38 billion over 
10 years, and this bill will enshrine that figure into law. Notably, nearly all of this American taxpayer money will come back to the United States and support American jobs. This bill will codify this memorandum and ensure that Israel has the capability to defend itself from any and all threats. That means strengthening Israel’s qualitative military edge, authorizing cooperation on UAV technology, and expanding cooperation in new areas, such as space, and through a new effort to work together to provide humanitarian assistance around the globe. When we consider legislation like this, we must remember that threats against Israel are also a threat to our security interests in the region. Enhancing Israel’s security is a step towards strengthening our own national security, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill and strengthen the U.S.Israel relationship. Finally, I would like to thank Congresswoman ROSLEHTINEN for her service to our Nation and particularly for her ardent and unwavering support for our ally, Israel, throughout her nearly three decades in Congress. Her long and decorated career in this Chamber, as historic as it was effective, will live on through her incredible achievements in our Nation’s robust foreign policy. Congresswoman ROSLEHTINEN has been the leading voice on a foreign policy that stands up to rogue regimes wherever they are and always, always values human rights. Without a doubt, her contributions to strengthening the U.S.Israel relationship will take their place in this body’s history. There has been no greater champion than ILEANA  ROSLEHTINEN . The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Florida an additional 1 minute. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, the gentlewoman’s contributions to the strengthening of the U.S.Israel relationship will take their place in this body’s history because there has been no greater champion than ILEANA ROS LEHTINEN . It has been an honor to work with her on this most recent effort to broaden and enhance the U.S.Israel relationship, so it is only fitting that this piece of legislation should bear her name. Mr. Speaker, I thank my dear friend and colleague. This bill is but a small part of the legacy that she leaves behind in this great Chamber. It has been an honor and a privilege to work with her. It has been an honor and a privilege to work with the chairman, Mr. ROYCE . I am grateful for their leadership, as I am for Mr. ENGEL and the great job he does as ranking member. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman ROYCE , Ranking Member E NGEL , and Mr. DEUTCH for all of their very excellent comments towards our good friend and colleague ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN , a chairwoman in earnest who has been one of the greatest friends Israel has ever known in this Chamber. The gentlewoman has been tenacious in her fight against terrorism, particularly as it relates to Iran, and against very considerable odds has been able to promote legislation that has made a huge difference in protecting the people of Israel from the everpresent threats, the existential threats that they face in the region. I thank Ms. ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN . It is so fitting that this bill is named after her. This bill authorizes, as we all know, enhanced military cooperation between our countries; it further enshrines Israel’s qualitative military edge; it authorizes foreign military financing at an annual level of no less than $3.3 billion, agreed to in the bilateral MOU negotiated under the Obama administration, but, crucially, the bill specifies that the assistance should be not less than $3.3 billion. It is a statement that it is a floor and not a ceiling, so, over the next 10 years, at least that much and hopefully more because we know the needs are overwhelming. The bill’s other provisions: it facilitates the transfer of advanced, precisionguided missiles for Israel’s use and lays the groundwork for bilateral cooperation that will assist Israel in confronting an evolving landscape of threats, including from unmanned UAVs. The many facets of cooperation supported by this bill, from international development to space exploration, are not just for Israel’s benefit. They also contribute to our national security. The U.S. is safer when Israel is stronger. This bill translates that fundamental principle into practical initiatives for fruitful collaboration and mutual benefit. It is fitting, again, that this act will be named after a great American and a great friend of Israel, ILEANA ROS LEHTINEN . Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ), a very valued member of the Foreign Affairs Committee and a cosponsor of this bill. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to work with Mr. ENGEL , Mr. R OYCE , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN . And Mr. POE, it has been a great pleasure and honor to work with you in a bipartisan manner on our Foreign Affairs Committee. I am very proudly standing here, of course, in support of this United StatesIsrael Security Assistance Authorization Act, which recognizes Israel’s right to defend itself and writes into law the continued cooperation between our two countries. Defending Israel is in our national security interest, as is ensuring our great friend and ally is safe. It is more important than ever, as mentioned by my colleagues here today. When you look at the region, there is reason to be worried: Hamas in Gaza, rebuilding its rocket arsenal and calling for Israel’s destruction; Iran now threatening to dramatically increase its enrichment of uranium while constructing military bases in Syria; ISIS wreaking havoc in Sinai; and Hezbollah pointing 150,000 missiles at Israel. So we must continue strengthening Israel’s defenses, and this important bill codifies the memorandum of understanding with Israel signed by the Obama administration, the largest U.S. military assistance package ever. The measure also expands U.S.Israel cooperation in areas of mutual interest, including authorizing USAID to partner with Israel to aid lowincome countries; by leveraging Israeli innovations in the water, food, security, energy, and global health sectors. In an increasingly polarized Washington, Israel can never be a partisan issue. That is why I am so glad this is not a partisan issue. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield for such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ). (Mr. HASTINGS asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding to me in support of this measure that I think is most deserving for my dear friend from Florida. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Let me again applaud the chief sponsors of this legislation, Representatives ROSLEHTINEN and D EUTCH , along with their Senate counterparts, for their tremendous work. Let me also, again, as I have many times, thank our chairman. We have worked very closely together on the Foreign Affairs Committee, and this is proof of that kind of collaboration where we have both sides of the aisle doing things that are good for the United States of America. This legislation and the MOU that it puts into law represents the unbreakable bond between the United States and Israel and the shared interests and values that have been the hallmark of this relationship. As Chairman ROYCE mentioned before, he and I have been there together many times. We have seen those terror tunnels. We have seen all kinds of things. The people of Israel need the United States, and we need the people of Israel. The United States has stood up for democracy through all these glorious years of our being a republic, and we 
cannot stop now. That is why legislation such as this bipartisan legislation is so important for us to pass. This, in law, represents the unbreakable bond between the United States and Israel and the shared interests and values that have been the hallmark of this relationship. The Middle East is a very dangerous neighborhood. We here in the United States have the benefit of stepping back a bit, but we are not on the front line day in and day out the way the beleaguered people of Israel are with one country after another vowing to try to destroy it. This Congress, in a bipartisan fashion, stands together and says that the United States stands with the people of Israel, and that makes me very proud of this Congress, proud of our Foreign Affairs Committee, proud of our chairman, and proud of all the people who have spoken, particularly ILEANA ROS LEHTINEN , who deserves all the accolades you can think of. Whatever I said wouldn’t be dramatic enough to explain the force that she has been for the past 30 years on the Foreign Affairs Committee doing good things, particularly with the State of Israel. It is going to be difficult to not see her here, but I know she will be doing everything that she can continue to do to enhance the U.S.Israel relationship. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. The democratic Jewish State of Israel is a friend and a major strategic partner of the United States. Israel is a beacon, as Ileana shared with us, of freedom, of democracy, of stability in the otherwise troubled Middle East. In short, it is the very opposite of the brutal and corrupt Iranian regime. Iran has never made its threats to Israel a secret, and that is what they mean when the Ayatollah says: ‘‘Death to Israel; death to America.’’ After years of moving the pieces into place, including by showering its proxies, Hezbollah and Hamas, with money and with rockets and with missiles and attempting to exploit the conflict in Syria to build a military presence and support base there on the border, it is slowly but surely preparing to make good on this threat. With this bill, we can ensure that Israel has the tools to defend it self and defend our shared interests in the face of that mounting threat. I do thank our ranking member, ELIOT ENGEL , and I do thank T ED DEUTCH for all of the bipartisan cooperation that has allowed us to move so many measures through the committee, through the Senate, and into law. I also want, in closing, to thank and to note that I was the beneficiary of the good work of my predecessor in this position, ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN , when I took over the committee 6 years ago, and for that I am also very thankful. I am thankful for the contributions that all of these individuals have made to the betterment of our defense, the security of the United States, the security of our allies. I am proud of the fact that we have done it in a bipartisan way. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the House amendment to S. 2497, the Ileana Ros Lehtinen United StatesIsrael Security Assistance Authorization Act of 2018. This bill would enshrine in law the 2016 U.S. Memorandum of Understanding that the Obama Administration reached with Israel. This landmark agreement provides for historic levels of security cooperation with and assistance to Israel. Enacting this legislation would send an unmistakable message to Israel’s enemies that the American commitment to Israel’s security is ironclad. Israel continually faces threats from all sides, and we have the responsibility to be sure that Israelis have everything they need in order to defend her citizens. Whether it’s missiles, tunnels, arson kites, or potential border breaches from Hamas in Gaza, rockets from Hezbollah in Lebanon, drones from Iranian forces in Syria, or whatever other lethal attempt may be devised, Israel must be ready to combat whatever comes her way. Mr. Speaker, Israel’s security is nonnegotiable. With enemies committed to the country’s destruction throughout the entirety of its 70year existence, Israel’s qualitative military edge is absolutely necessary, and I am pleased that this bill ensures that this edge will be maintained. Even amidst persistent security threats, Israel has been a remarkable leader in technological and humanitarian endeavors. This legislation, by enhancing U.S.Israeli cooperation in space exploration and international development, will strengthen both of our countries and many other parts of the world. Mr. Speaker, as we work on a bipartisan basis to ensure that the U.S.Israel relationship remains strong far into the future, I can think of no more fitting namesake for this bill than my friend and colleague, Ileana Ros Lehtinen. Israel has a true friend and supporter in Ileana, and as she departs at the end of this Congress, we will all be well served to follow her example of working across the aisle to ensure that American support for Israel remains unbreakable. To that end, I proudly urge the passage of the Ileana RosLehtinen United StatesIsrael Security Assistance Authorization Act of 2018. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the House Amendment to S. 2497, the Ileana RosLehtinen Israel Security Assistance Authorization Act. As Israel faces growing threats from Iran, Hezbollah, and Hamas, this bill reaffirms the United States’ strong belief that Israel has the right to defend herself and ensures that Israel has the means to do so. Passage of this bill will send a powerful message to Israel’s adversaries: the United States will continue to stand with Israel. I will note that this bill is appropriately named for my good friend, Congresswoman ILEANA ROS LEHTINEN , who as we all know is departing at the end of this Congress. Congresswoman ROSLEHTINEN has been a strong supporter of Israel, a champion of democracy across the world, and one of this chamber’s true believers in the ideal of bipartisan foreign policy. So I thank Congresswoman ROSLEHTINEN for her leadership, and I urge all my colleagues to support this important measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2497, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1745 SPECIAL ENVOY TO MONITOR AND COMBAT ANTISEMITISM ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1911) to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to monitor and combat antiSemitism globally, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1911 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat AntiSemitism Act of 2018’’. 
Congress finds that since the Global Anti Semitism Review Act of 2004 was enacted, in many foreign countries acts of antiSemitism have been frequent and wide in scope, the perpetrators and variety of threats to Jewish communities and their institutions have proliferated, and in some countries antiSemitic attacks have increased in frequency, scope, violence, and deadliness. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 59 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2731) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, who shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The Special Envoy shall report directly to the Secretary.’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the heading, but striking ‘‘APPOINT MENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘N OMINATION ’’; (ii) by striking the first sentence; (iii) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘If the Secretary determines that such is appropriate, the Secretary may appoint’’ and inserting ‘‘If the President determines that such is appropriate, the President may nominate’’; and (iv) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘The Secretary may allow such officer or employee to retain the position (and the responsibilities associated with such position) held 
by such officer or employee prior to the appointment’’ and inserting ‘‘Such officer or employee may not retain the position (or the responsibilities associated with such position) held by such officer or employee prior to the nomination’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) DUTIES .—The Special Envoy shall serve as the primary advisor to, and coordinate efforts across, the United States Government relating to monitoring and combating antiSemitism and antiSemitic incitement that occur in foreign countries. ‘‘(4) RANK AND STATUS OF AMBASSADOR .— The Special Envoy shall have the rank of ambassador. ‘‘(5) QUALIFICATIONS .—The Special Envoy should be a person of recognized distinction in the field of— ‘‘(A) combating antiSemitism; ‘‘(B) religious freedom; or ‘‘(C) law enforcement.’’. (b) NOMINATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not later than 120 after any such position becomes vacant, the President shall nominate the Special Envoy for Monitoring and Combating antiSemitism under section 59 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956, as amended by subsection (a) of this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, disturbingly, incidents of antiSemitism are on the increase across Europe, across the Middle East, frankly, across the world. As Moshe Kantor, the vice president of the World Jewish Caucus, has said: ‘‘We are witnessing a global process of radicalization. . . . Unfortunately, and with no surprise, the common element that unifies radicals seems to be their hatred of Jews.’’ Today, antiSemitism is increasingly being acted upon and, in some cases, even institutionalized. Country by country, we are seeing school curriculums attempting to indoctrinate children and attempting to spread hate. We are seeing courts and legislation institutionalize antiSemitism. And we are seeing acts of violence against the Jewish people and their places of worship being excused. How do they rationalize it? Under the guise of a political protest. It is critical that the U.S. play a leading role to stop this scourge of hate. Yet for more than a year and a half, the top position at the State Department charged with combating anti Semitism worldwide has remained vacant. Further, for more than 1 year, the office has also been completely unstaffed. This is unacceptable. I have raised this issue before. As a senior official at the State Department reminded world leaders this past winter: ‘‘Absent action, the sacred pledge of ‘never again’ can become empty rhetoric.’’ We cannot allow that to happen, and the bill before us today, H.R. 1911, will help reassert U.S. leadership in combating antiSemitism worldwide. It will mandate the expeditious appointment of the Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat AntiSemitism, and it will elevate the office to ambassadorial rank with direct access to the Secretary of State. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of H.R. 1911. Mr. Speaker, I am a proud original cosponsor of this bill, and I am pleased that we are considering it today. I want to start by thanking my colleagues for their hard work on this bill and their hard work on this effort: Congressman CHRIS SMITH, the author of this legislation, and my fellow co chairs of the Bipartisan Task Force to Combat AntiSemitism. I am proud to stand with a group of legislators committed to fighting intolerance and hatred. Mr. Speaker, every day, more and more alarming antiSemitic attacks shock the world: Holocaust survivors violently assaulted, rallies and parades glorifying Nazi leaders, swastikas graffitied to incite fear and terror. The list goes on and on. And let’s be clear, Mr. Speaker, this isn’t just happening in faraway places. We have seen a sickening increase of antiSemitic acts in our country as well. We have seen people who embrace hatred and bigotry given a loud new megaphone to spread their poison. As a country, we need to come together to say enough is enough. We need to say there are not good people on both sides. We need to confront evil, call it by its name, and say there is no place for it anywhere in the United States or around the world. We all need to do it as citizens. We need to do so in our laws and in our policies. And the very least that we could do is have the administration fill the positions that are supposed to be dealing with this issue. The Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti Semitism position at the State Department is still vacant. That is really unacceptable. We must have a senior official to push back against the intolerance and hatred of antiSemitism. American leadership is desperately needed in the fight against this ancient form of hatred. I am fed up with the administration dragging its feet on filling this crucial position. It should happen now. That is why I am glad we are moving this bill forward. This legislation would elevate the Special Envoy position and require the President to put forward a nominee no more than 120 days after a vacancy. That is 4 months. This is essential for making sure that a prolonged vacancy like we have right now never happens again. We must have a senior State Department official dedicated to coordinating U.S. Government efforts to combat antiSemitism abroad. So I strongly support this measure, and I ask my colleagues to join me doing so. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations. He is the author of this bill. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership on this legislation on the issue itself; ELIOT ENGEL , of course, who has been a great friend, a part of this Bipartisan Task Force for Combating AntiSemitism; and you, Mr. Presiding Speaker, you are one of the cosponsors. We have 83 bipartisan cosponsors, and this is an idea whose time has come. I especially want to thank Leader MCCARTHY for making sure the bill got to the floor today, for his leadership and strong support for it. AntiSemitism, Mr. Speaker, is exploding. Just look around in any country in the world, look at the human rights reports that are out there, and it is a problem here in the United States as well. It is exploding. My first trip to the Soviet Union, now Russia, of course, was in 1982 on behalf of Soviet refuseniks. When I saw what that country was doing to individual Jewish men and women and families, I became committed then. I worked with Mr. HASTINGS on this for many, many years with the Helsinki Commission, to try to combat this ever escalating scourge of antiSemitism. It is an ageold scourge. It is bad, and it is getting worse. There is a persistent antiSemitism, as I think my colleagues know, that historically has manifested itself throughout European history, from pogroms in Russia, to the Dreyfus affair, to Nazism in the 1930s, and, of course, the Holocaust right up until its modernday iterations. This has been joined, however, by two other streams of hate: one emanating from the world of militant Islam and one that is sometimes fomented by countries such as Iran. Strains of this new antiSemitism can be heard in the demand of the BDS movement—boycott, divestment, sanctions—which always singles out Israel and rarely other countries like China 
who engage in pervasive human rights abuse. My friend and former Soviet refusenik, Natan Sharansky, testified at two of my hearings on combating anti Semitism. He proposed what he called a simple test to help us distinguish between legitimate criticism of Israel from antiSemitism. Sharansky called it the ‘‘three Ds: demonization, double standard, and delegitimization.’’ First, demonization. When Israel’s actions are blown all out of sensible proportions, and when comparisons are made between Israelis and the Nazis, which is absolutely sick and pathetic, this is antiSemitism, not a legitimate criticism of Israel. Second, double standard. When criticism of Israel is applied selectively, when Israel is singled out, libeled, and slandered by the U.N. Human Rights Council, for example, while the behavior or other egregious violators like China, Iran, Cuba, and Syria are largely ignored, that, too, is antiSemitism. The third ‘‘D’’ is delegitimization. In other words, Israel does not have a fundamental right to exist. In light of this, there is an urgent need for a comprehensive U.S. Government approach. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, there is a need for a comprehensive approach. In 2004, I offered an amendment that became law to create the Office to Monitor and Combat AntiSemitism, and also the amendment that created the Special Envoy. And I do call on President Trump to name that Special Envoy. This elevates it to ambassador, so there will be additional gravitas so that this individual, whoever he or she may be, will have the ability to have direct access to the Secretary of State on the issue of combating antiSemitism. The bill also prohibits the position from being doublehatted. We know how that happens. All of a sudden, one person does all these different kinds of portfolios and becomes the master of none. It also requires, as ELIOT ENGEL said a moment ago, that, within 90 days of enactment of this act and thereafter, we need this name and we need this to be put forward so that we can get that person on the job and doing this great work. Again, I look around at people who are getting ready to speak, PETER ROSKAM, ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN , 83 cosponsors, totally bipartisan, and absolutely needed. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ). (Mr. HASTINGS asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member, and I rise in support of this measure. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ), one of the chairs of the Task Force to Combat AntiSemitism, and, again, a very esteemed member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, and an original cosponsor of this bill. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Ranking Member ENGEL . I rise in support of the Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat AntiSemitism Act, and I thank Congressman CHRIS SMITH for leading this bill and all of my colleagues for their support. It has been more than a year and a half since this administration came into office, and this position remains vacant. Aside from some rumors around Washington, we don’t know when this role will be filled. This position was created in 2004 with bipartisan support. I am sure my colleagues would agree that Congress doesn’t pass laws for them to be ignored. It is imperative that there is someone at the State Department working to combat antiSemitism globally. They should be working with Jewish communities, building coalitions, tracking cases, and pushing governments to do more to combat it. We need someone who will be our Nation’s leading global advocate to combat antiSemitism. We are seeing Jewish communities outside the United States and Israel shrink because they no longer feel safe in their own cities. We are hearing truly appalling stories, horrific stories like the Holocaust survivor who was brutally murdered in her apartment. We are feeling the hate speech rise, whether by politicians on extreme sides of the political spectrum or individuals empowered and amplified by social media. We urgently need someone in our government charged with addressing this scourge. This is not a time to abdicate our proud and historic leading role of pushing governments to protect their Jewish community, because if there is antiSemitism that is growing in a country, it means that there is hatred growing in that country, and, ultimately, everyone is at risk. Our government cannot be silent in these moments. Filling this position must be a top priority. I call on my colleagues to support this bill, which will send a strong statement to the world that the United States remains committed to combat this bigotry and to defend Jewish communities and to fight hatred. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROS LEHTINEN ), who chairs the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and ranking member. I am proud to be a cosponsor of Mr. SMITH’s very important bill, H.R. 1911, the Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat AntiSemitism Act. As a founding member and cochair of the Task Force for Combating Anti Semitism, I have been urging the administration to make the Special Envoy position at the State Department a priority and to fill that position as soon as possible. In recent years, the spike in anti Jewish violence and harassment has been alarming, and not just in Europe, sadly, but across the globe, and even here in our own wonderful Nation. b1800 It is also worrisome that we are seeing antiSemitism couched and disguised in antiIsrael political rhetoric. This bill ensures that we have someone at the Ambassador level giving these issues full attention, and with access to the highestlevel officials in other nations. I am also proud to have my amendment included in the bill, which adds a deadline for the appointment, 90 days from enactment of this act, and 120 days from when this position becomes vacant. Even though current law states that there shall be an appointment, there is no clarity on whether an administration has a finite time to make one. So this is why it is important that we add a deadline to fill this Special Envoy position as quickly as possible. I encourage all my colleagues to support Mr. SMITH’s important bill, H.R. 1911; and I thank the chairman and the ranking member for the time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, if there are no other speakers on the other side, I am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I have one more speaker. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ), a member of the Committee on Ways and Means, and co chair of the bipartisan Task Force on Combating AntiSemitism. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, there is a quotation that is familiar that is brought to my attention this afternoon as we are debating this, and it has echoes for today. It is by Martin Niemoller, who was a Lutheran pastor in Germany; and this is what he said: ‘‘First they came for the socialists and I did not speak out because I was not a socialist. Then they came for the trade unionists and I did not speak out because I was not a trade unionist. Then they came for the Jews and I did not speak out because I was not a Jew. Then they came for me, and there was no one left to speak for me.’’ Mr. Speaker, we have an opportunity to do something good today, to build on the work that Congressman SMITH has initiated and that has been shepherded through this process by Chairman ROYCE and by Ranking Member ENGEL ; and that is to recognize the 
growing rise of antiSemitism around the world and to say, we are not only not going to be complicit in it, we are going to speak out about it, and we are going to bring attention to it, and we are going to bring the full force and power of the United States Government and its moral authority and its imprimatur on this issue. There is real power in that. You have heard both sides going back and forth sort of being reminded of this responsibility that we have because we have seen antiSemitism, Mr. Speaker, arise within the last year alone in Germany, in Brazil, in France, in Hungary, and in New Zealand. In closing, the AntiDefamation League has pointed out that in the last year alone there have been over 4 million English language tweets that are antiSemitic. This is upon us. So what Congressman SMITH has initiated now is to raise the status of this person to make sure they are not just a Special Envoy, but to raise that to ambassadorial status for all the obvious reasons; to get this person appointed quickly; and to have this post filled and brought with real authority. I urge its passage, and I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, I want to, again, strongly support this bipartisan bill. I want to thank all the people who have worked hard on it, particularly Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, who always, for years, has been battling the scourge of antiSemitism; our chairman, Chairman ROYCE , and people on both sides of the Foreign Affairs Committee. We can never become complacent when we see antiSemitism, or anti anything rear its ugly head. We need to reject it. We need to fight it. We need to shine a light in all the dark corners so it has no place to hide and fester. What does it look like when it comes to foreign policy? It starts by appointing a senior diplomat, someone we can point to with confidence and say, ‘‘You’re leading America’s effort to grapple with this problem around the world.’’ This bill would make sure that that seat can’t stay vacant the way it has been for the last 18 months. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this legislation. I, again, thank Mr. SMITH, Chairman ROYCE , and all the people who have worked so hard for this. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. We have seen the horrific consequences when free societies turn a blind eye to antiSemitic incitement and to antiSemitic violence. Passage of this bill reaffirms that combating antiSemitism is a top priority for the United States, and it will fill the Special Envoy position and provide it with adequate staff that is going to strengthen our ability to work with our partners overseas. So I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1911, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
URGING ALL NATIONS TO OUTLAW THE DOG AND CAT MEAT TRADE Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 401) urging China, South Korea, Vietnam, Thailand, the Philippines, Indonesia, Cambodia, Laos, India, and all nations to outlaw the dog and cat meat trade and to enforce existing laws against the trade, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
H. R ES. 401 Whereas the consumption of dog meat has occurred in every corner of the world including in Asia; Whereas established dog meat markets still exist in Asia; Whereas the Humane Society International, Animals Asia Foundation, and others estimate that 30,000,000 dogs and 10,000,000 cats die annually across Asia for the trade in dog and cat meat; Whereas it is estimated as many as 200,000 live dogs are trafficked each year from Thailand across the Mekong River to Vietnam, where dog meat is considered a delicacy; Whereas cat meat, known locally as ‘‘little tiger’’, is also a delicacy in Vietnam and, although officially banned, is widely available in specialty restaurants; Whereas due to a traditional belief that high adrenaline levels produce tender meat and increase supposed health benefits, dogs killed for their meat may be first intentionally subjected to extreme fear and suffering through hanging or bludgeoning; Whereas there appears to be little scientific evidence to support traditional claims of the health benefits of consuming dog meat; Whereas there have been reports of abuse, poor living conditions, and cruel slaughtering techniques with respect to dogs and cats farmed for their meat; Whereas many dogs and cats die during transport to slaughterhouses, after days or weeks crammed into small cages on the back of vehicles without food or water, and others suffer from illness or injury during such transport; Whereas in February 2015, Vietnamese authorities impounded a truck in Hanoi smuggling three tons of live cats from China that were intended for the illegal cat meat trade, but then buried thousands of the seized cats—many, reportedly, while alive—claiming a desire to avoid the spread of disease; Whereas the extreme suffering of dogs and cats at such slaughterhouses and on such transportation trucks would breach anticruelty laws in the United States, such as the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2131 et seq.) and the Humane Methods of Slaughter Act (7 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.); Whereas many government officials, civil society advocates, and activists are working to end the dog and cat meat trade on anti cruelty and public health grounds, and the governments of Singapore, Taiwan, and Hong Kong have passed laws banning the slaughter of dogs for meat consumption; Whereas Chinese activists have claimed that stolen pets are sometimes used in the dog meat market in China; Whereas Chinese dog transporters reportedly routinely flout regulations such as the Chinese Ministry of Agriculture Veterinary Bureau Circular No. 16 (2013), which requires dogs to be quarantined and issued a quarantine certificate before being transported across provincial boundaries; Whereas the World Health Organization has linked the dog meat industry to human outbreaks of trichinellosis, cholera, and rabies, although consumption of dog meat alone has not been confirmed to spread rabies to humans; Whereas those involved in the dog meat industry are at an increased health risk for zoonotic diseases, which can transfer from dogs to humans through infectious material such as saliva; Whereas the spread of such diseases may be exacerbated by unsanitary conditions of slaughter and by the sale of dog meat at openair markets and restaurants; and Whereas Betsy Miranda, Asia Coordinator for the Global Alliance for Rabies Control, said in June 2013 that the spread of disease through the dog meat trade was ‘‘rampant’’ across Southeast Asia, and that ‘‘The risk that the animals are in poor health and not vaccinated is very high. If they move across borders they risk carrying the disease across large distances’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representatives— (1) calls for an end to the dog and cat meat trade on cruelty and public health grounds; (2) urges all nations to outlaw the dog and cat meat trade and enforce existing laws against such trade; and (3) affirms the commitment of the United States to the protection of animals and to advancing the progress of animal protection around the world. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. HASTINGS for authoring this important measure on the dog and cat meat trade. It is an important issue to animal 
lovers around this globe, and this resolution has garnered tremendous bipartisan support. He has over 100 cosponsors in this Congress for it. Protecting the world’s animals, whether we are talking about dogs and cats or rhinoceros and elephant, it is not a partisan issue; and I am proud to have authored a number of critical pieces of legislation to advance this cause, including the END Wildlife Trafficking Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, in recent years, we have made some important progress toward stopping the consumption of dog meat around the world. But, sadly, dog meat markets still exist in Asia. In fact, it is estimated that 30 million dogs and 10 million cats die annually across Asia as a result of the dog and cat meat trade, and they often live under horrendous conditions. And this practice—I would make one other point—it also raises serious public health concerns. The World Health Organization has linked the dog meat industry to human outbreaks of multiple serious diseases, including cholera, and including rabies. The spread of disease is made worse by all aspects of the trade, from the unsanitary conditions of slaughter, and the sale of dog meat in openair markets and restaurants, and from that, to the trafficking of these animals across international borders. This important resolution urges all nations to abolish the dog and cat meat trade, to enforce existing laws against such trade, and to affirm the U.S. commitment to protecting animals, both here at home and around the world. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this measure. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I too rise in support of this measure. Let me, first of all, thank my friend from Florida, Mr. HASTINGS , for his work on this resolution, and thank Chairman ROYCE for moving it forward. This is one of those issues that certainly stirs the emotions of anyone who learns about it. The horrible abuse of dogs and cats crammed into cages, driven across borders, slaughtered and sold in meat markets, it just seems so cruel and needless. The animal rights community has come together around this issue, pleading for an end to these inhumane practices, particularly in the markets in Asia where this takes place the most. There are broader concerns as well. The trade of dog and cat meat is associated with health risks, including the spread of disease. And an illegal market for this meat has sprung up in places where governments have failed to step in and enforce their own laws against these practices. So I think it is important that the House go on record saying we oppose this practice. I am glad to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the esteemed gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ). Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding, and I thank my good friend, the chairman of this committee, for bringing this forward. I rise in support of this measure, urging all nations to outlaw the inhumane dog and cat meat trade, and to enforce existing laws against this barbaric practice. In June of 2017, I introduced this measure with my distinguished colleague and cochairman of the Florida delegation, Congressman VERN BUCHANAN . It is estimated that tens of millions of dogs and cats are killed for human consumption annually across the globe. This display of animal cruelty is not only inhumane, but also a threat to public health for citizens and international visitors. This resolution affirms the United States’ commitment to the protection of animals, and advances the animal protection movement rapidly growing worldwide. These innocent animals, often personal pets, are forcibly taken, shoved into cages with broken bones, then shipped long distances, without food or water, to meat markets, where they are regularly bludgeoned, mutilated, boiled, or skinned while still alive. When I was a child, I had three big dogs, True Boy, August, and Tuesday. And in their memory, I am sure that they would be equally proud that their owner was standing up for descendants of theirs and others. By passing H. Res. 401, Congress can bring the world one step closer to hopefully ending this cruel practice once and for all. Mr. Speaker, from the bottom of my heart, I want to thank the thousands of activists across the country and around the globe for their tireless efforts. They have never wavered in their commitment in the fight against the global dog and cat meat trade. It is my sincere hope that we expeditiously pass this measure. By doing so, we will send a strong message, that no matter where you live, animal cruelty is simply wrong. A special thanks to Lisa Vanderpump, and Ken Todd, and Dr. John Sessa, all of them being my friends, and certainly, Marc Ching, who has personally witnessed many of these things in Yulin and elsewhere, that brought my attention to this measure. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this resolution. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS), a cosponsor of this bill, and a valuable member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, and also to my friend from Florida who sponsored this legislation. I too rise in support of H. Res. 401. It is a resolution urging countries around the world to outlaw the dog and cat meat trade, and to recommit to enforcing existing laws against this horrible practice. As you have heard, approximately 30 million dogs and tens of millions of cats are killed annually for human consumption; and many suffer from abuse and cruelty during their lifetime, facing painful deaths at the hands of these horrible meat dealers. We cannot afford to turn a blind eye to the extreme torment that they have to endure. In the United States, we cherish dogs and cats, recognizing their many contributions as service and therapy animals, search and rescue assistants, and police dogs that aid with drug and bomb searches. b1815 They provide airport security, are companions to our veterans, and are cherished family pets. As a member of the Congressional Animal Protection Caucus, I am a proud cosponsor of this legislation, which enjoyed the support of 150 bipartisan cosponsors and passed the committee by a voice vote. I have worked hard in Congress to end the dog and cat meat trade, eliminate the use of dog leather, and protect our furry and feathered friends from undue harm and abuse. Hundreds of constituents have written us about this issue, and they want the United States to speak up and set an example. Mr. Speaker, I believe this resolution does just that. I thank those who are responsible for bringing it, those who have lent their voice in support of it, and I look forward to seeing it pass today. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, let me say in closing, I am, again, grateful to Mr. HASTINGS and to all the people who have helped elevate this issue. Actually, I have gotten many calls from people who are very, very concerned about this bill and who want to see it passed. I have been a dog lover all my life, had the wonderful time to have dogs, and to me, it is just unfathomable that they are suffering like this in the trade to eat dogs and cats. It is really just something that is awful. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support this measure. It is a bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. HASTINGS again for this legislation and for championing his support for the protection of dogs and cats around the world. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina). The question is on the motion offered by the 
gentleman from California (Mr. R OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 401, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. The title of the resolution was amended so as to read: ‘‘Resolution urging all nations to outlaw the dog and cat meat trade and to enforce existing laws against such trade.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
RESCUING ANIMALS WITH REWARDS ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6197) to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to authorize rewards for thwarting wildlife trafficking linked to transnational organized crime, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6197 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Rescuing Animals With Rewards Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘RAWR Act’’. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) Wildlife trafficking is a major transnational crime that is estimated to generate over $10 billion a year in illegal profits and which is increasingly perpetrated by organized, sophisticated criminal enterprises, including known terrorist organizations. (2) Wildlife trafficking not only threatens endangered species worldwide, but also jeopardizes local security, spreads disease, undermines rule of law, fuels corruption, and damages economic development. (3) Combating wildlife trafficking requires a coordinated and sustained approach at the global, regional, national, and local levels. (4) Congress stated in the Eliminate, Neutralize, and Disrupt Wildlife Trafficking Act of 2016 that it is the policy of the United States to take immediate actions to stop the illegal global trade in wildlife and wildlife products and associated transnational organized crime. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Department of State’s rewards program is a powerful tool in combating sophisticated international crime and that the Department of State and Federal law enforcement should work in concert to offer rewards that target wildlife traffickers. 
Subparagraph (B) of section 36(k)(5) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2708(k)(5)) is amended by inserting ‘‘wildlife trafficking (as defined by section 2(12) of the Eliminate, Neutralize, and Disrupt Wildlife Trafficking Act of 2016 (16 U.S.C. 7601(12); Public Law 114–231)) and’’ after ‘‘includes’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous materials in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure, which targets transnational wildlife traffickers through the State Department’s existing global rewards program. These rewards will serve as a powerful tool to capture and to convict—to convict—wanted transnational criminals and terrorists who profit from the illegal wildlife trade. Last week as we opened the papers, there were 87 elephant carcasses discovered in Botswana’s Okavango Delta. These animals were shot by poachers. They were brutally stripped of their tusks. They were left to die. This is a very real and urgent issue. Wildlife trafficking is generating over $10 billion a year in illegal profits for increasingly sophisticated criminal syndicates, and it is also generating profits for terrorists who are involved in this kind of slaughter. The illegal ivory trade is especially lucrative. Mr. Speaker, for years now, I have been engaged in this effort to save some of the most endangered species. During a recent trip to Tanzania, my colleagues and I met with the law enforcement and park rangers on the front lines. They told us how they were outmanned. They are outgunned. They are up against sophisticated criminal networks that use helicopters, that use night vision goggles. We have met with local communities impacted by these crimes, who explain how wildlife trafficking jeopardizes local security, spreads disease, of course undermines the rule of law. It fuels corruption. It damages economic development. Wildlife trafficking is a serious national security threat, and combating it requires a global approach to identifying and apprehending the world’s worst offenders. And time is not on our side. Each day of inaction means more animals poached, more cash for criminal syndicates and terrorists. Mr. Speaker, I thank the bill’s author, Representative DONOVAN , as well as cosponsors CASTRO and Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL for their work on this important measure. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6197, the Rescuing Animals With Rewards Act of 2018. I would like to begin by thanking Mr. DONOVAN and Mr. C ASTRO for introducing this important legislation, and I would also like to thank Chairman ROYCE for his incredible efforts over many, many years to promote the conservation of wildlife and wild places. In recent years, Congress has taken a number of important steps to combat wildlife trafficking, but the situation remains dire. Over the last 10 years, onethird of African elephants have been slaughtered for their tusks. Let me say that again. Over the last 10 years, onethird of African elephants have been slaughtered for their tusks. That is a shocking statistic. Rhino populations have also been decimated, and many other species are at risk. Protecting wildlife is the right thing to do. I know the Wildlife Conservation Society does a really good job. My good friend John Calvelli is leading the charge there, and so I am very aware of what we need to do to protect our wildlife. But not only is it the right thing to do, it also serves American national security interests. Wildlife trafficking feeds corruption, undermines the rule of law, threatens economic prosperity, and drives instability, and it is carried out by many of the same international criminal syndicates engaged in the trafficking of drugs, weapons, and people. This bipartisan, commonsense legislation before us today provides our government with a tool it can use to tackle the illegal trade in wildlife. Specifically, it authorizes rewards under the State Department’s Rewards for Justice program for information leading to the arrest or conviction of those engaged in wildlife trafficking. This can provide a powerful financial incentive for people to turn in those responsible for this appalling activity. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of our colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ), a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, a former prosecutor. He is the author of this bill. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to sponsor the RAWR Act, Rescuing Animals With Rewards, H.R. 6197. The RAWR Act will help ensure that taking down terrorists and transnational criminal organizations engaged in wildlife trafficking and poaching will be a top Rewards priority. Combating terrorism is of the utmost importance, not just to my constituents, not just to New Yorkers, but to the entire Nation. It is an issue that transcends party lines. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter of support from the Wildlife Conservation Society and a letter of 
support and endorsement from the Humane Society of the United States, the Humane Society Legislative Fund, and Humane Society International. 
WILDLIFE CONSERVATION SOCIETY , Bronx, NY, September 12, 2018. Hon. DANIEL M. D ONOVAN , Jr., House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARCONGRESSMAN DONOVAN : The Wildlife Conservation Society writes to express our support for H.R. 6197, the RAWR Act, as a way to help crack down on the destabilizing criminal trafficking that threatens both wildlife and U.S. economic and security interests. The RAWR Act would allow the U.S. Department of State to add wildlife trafficking, as defined by the END Wildlife Trafficking Act, to the list of transnational criminal activities for which it may provide monetary rewards to informants and tipsters. As the founders of the 96 Elephants campaign, dedicated to stopping the killing, trafficking and demand for illegal wildlife, we would applaud this change. Wildlife trafficking is a serious national security issue. The transnational organized criminal groups that profit from illegal wildlife products are the same ones trafficking in weapons, narcotics and people. This activity destabilizes regions important for U.S. economic interests and undermines the good governance and the rule of law. Targeting wildlife trafficking is essential if we want future generations to live in a world that is still home to our most iconic animals. The demand for ivory, rhino horn, tiger skins, and other products is causing those endangered species and many others to rapidly diminish. WCS works globally to disrupt wildlife trafficking networks and the criminals that run them, creating and sharing intelligence products with government enforcement agencies, and improving communications at the national and international scale to implement proactive enforcement activities. The passage of the RAWR Act would add an effective new tactic to the efforts to stop wildlife trafficking. We appreciate all your work on international conservation issues, from taking part in last year’s ivory crush in New York’s Central Park to leading on the push for U.S. government investments in global antitrafficking programs, which has been of invaluable assistance in securing the world’s endangered wildlife. 
SEPTEMBER 11, 2018. Hon. DANDONOVAN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE DONOVAN : We are pleased to offer the support and endorsement of The Humane Society of the United States, Humane Society Legislative Fund, and Humane Society International for the Rescuing Animals With Rewards (RAWR) Act of 2018, H.R. 6197. Wildlife trafficking is one of the biggest global threats to wild animals and one of the most lucrative illicit trades in the world, generating more than $10 billion a year. It is a main culprit in the declines of countless species, from elephants and tigers to pangolins. The underground revenues of the trade also threaten the rule of law by fueling international organized crime and terrorism. The RAWR Act takes a positive step against wildlife trafficking by building on the success of the Eliminate, Neutralize, and Disrupt Wildlife Trafficking Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–231), authorizing the U.S. Department of State to use its successful rewards program to target wildlife traffickers globally and to combat international crime networks, including known terrorist organizations. We commend you and Representative Castro for introducing this bill, and we urge all Members of the U.S. House of Representatives to support it. Sincerely, KITTY BLOCK , Acting President & CEO, The Humane Society of the United States. SARAAMUNDSON , President, Humane Society Legislative Fund. TERESA M. T ELECKY , PH.D., Vice President, Wildlife Humane Society International. 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, yesterday was the 17th anniversary of September 11. It was a stark reminder of the danger terrorism poses to the Nation every single day. The district I represent, Staten Island and South Brooklyn, which is home to many of New York’s bravest and finest, suffered hundreds of casualties on September 11. Since then, New York remains the world’s number one target for terrorism. As a nation, we have become a more resilient and determined nation to mitigate threats against us; but as we have choked off other resources of money, terrorists have increasingly turned to wildlife trafficking as a way to fund their heinous endeavors. Any step that we can take that will lead to the capture and conviction of anyone engaged in wildlife trafficking, especially terrorists, is a step in the right direction. Reports indicate that crimes related to illegal wildlife trafficking generate billions of dollars a year. These illicit funds turn into terrorist financing, fuel instability, and help arm groups in Africa. The prices that wildlife traffickers can fetch for hunting and ruthlessly killing animals are staggering. Conservation groups estimate that a kilogram of raw ivory can be worth as much as $2,100, while a kilogram of rhino horn can be worth $65,000. I am confident that the Foreign Affairs Committee and the House of Representatives will continue to fight against this problem. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my chairman, Chairman ROYCE , for his support on this bill and the ranking member and my colleague from New York, ELIOT ENGEL . I thank my friend, Congressman CASTRO , for coleading with me, and I thank the House leadership for bringing this bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank the staff of the Foreign Affairs Committee, especially Meg Gallagher and Sean O’Neill, who put much work into this act. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS), a cosponsor of this bill and, as I said before, a very valued House Foreign Affairs Committee member. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and I thank Ranking Member ENGEL for his leadership in this. I, too, rise in support of H.R. 6197. It is a bill that will combat the illegal wildlife trade by authorizing rewards for information on wildlife traffickers through the State Department’s Rewards for Justice program. First, I want to thank the cosponsors, Representatives DONOVAN and CASTRO , for their work on this bipartisan legislation, along with Chairman ROYCE , who has dedicated his career to helping animals in faraway places. Wildlife trafficking generates over $10 billion, annually, for transnational criminal networks. As such, it not only decimates endangered wildlife species, but it also threatens security and fuels corruption. H.R. 6197 gives the State Department another tool to go after wildlife traffickers, and it positively complements the END Wildlife Trafficking Act, which recognizes wildlife trafficking as a serious crime. Together, these two efforts will fuel a multipronged, coordinated approach to combating the illegal wildlife trade and will help to bring the perpetrators to justice. As an advocate for wildlife protections, I am proud to cosponsor this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of it today and end this wildlife trafficking practice. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, let me say in closing, I want to again thank Mr. DONOVAN and Mr. CASTRO for authoring this bill and Chairman ROYCE for his extraordinary leadership in efforts to combat wildlife trafficking. It is shocking to me that in the year 2018 people still want to kill majestic animals like elephants and rhinos for their body parts. It is just disgusting. We need to continue our support of a multipronged effort to address the poaching crisis, going after the international criminal networks that drive this illicit trade, working with other governments to establish and enforce tough laws against wildlife trafficking, partnering with local communities in the countries where animals live to make sure they have a stake in protecting wildlife, and educating consumers about the consequences of their decisions to purchase illegal wildlife products, because we really need to hit them in their pocketbooks. If people are purchasing these things, the illicit trafficking is going to continue. b1830 The bipartisan legislation before us today will provide one additional tool in the fight against wildlife trafficking, and I urge my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to join me in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, a former district attorney like DANDONOVAN can tell you, if you are trying to get the attention of a thug, there is nothing like a reward on your head to create real fear for that terrorist or that criminal. We want wildlife traffickers to know the fear of being hunted. It is time we send the message to wildlife traffickers around the world that the United States will use every tool at our disposal to stop them and to take them down. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6197. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the first sponsor of H.R. 2926, a bill originally introduced by Representative Meehan of Pennsylvania, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 6417 Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove my name as a cosponsor of H.R. 6417. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. f 
REPORT ON H.R. 6776, DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. YODER, from the Committee on Appropriations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–948) making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause I, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
REPEALING PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN ALCOHOL MANUFACTURING ON INDIAN LANDS Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5317) to repeal section 2141 of the Revised Statutes to remove the prohibition on certain alcohol manufacturing on Indian lands, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5317 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REPEAL OF PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN ALCOHOL MANUFACTURING ON INDIAN LANDS. 
Section 2141 of the Revised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 251) is repealed. 
SEC. 2. NO EFFECT ON TAXATION OR STATE AUTHORITY TO REGULATE ALCOHOL WITHIN STATE BORDERS. 
(a) N OEFFECT ON TAXATION .—Nothing in section 1 or the repeal made by section 1 shall affect State or Federal taxation. (b) STATE AUTHORITY UNAFFECTED .—Noth ing in section 1 or the repeal made by section 1 shall diminish, enlarge, or otherwise affect a State’s authority to regulate the importation and sale of alcoholic beverages within its own borders, including State authority over the manufacture, distribution, transportation, or sale of intoxicating liquors. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? 
There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. HERRERA  BEUTLER ). Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by saying thank you to the members of the Natural Resources Committee and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for helping move this bill forward in a truly bipartisan manner. My bill, H.R. 5317, repeals the antiquated 19th century law—from 1834, to be exact—that prohibits distilleries on Tribal lands. This prohibition was enacted at a time when the Federal Government took a more paternalistic stance with Indian Tribes. While many of the provisions in the larger statute have since been repealed, somehow the distillery prohibition remains. This issue came to my attention from the Chehalis Tribe from my home in southwest Washington. The Chehalis began the permitting process for a new economic development project on reservation land, which includes the construction and operation of a distillery. In the midst of the project, they were made aware of the 1834 law from the Bureau of Indian Affairs, who suggested that the Tribe move their project off their land or contact their Member of Congress and change the law. When they contacted me and told me what they were up against, I got to work. I am pleased to put this bill forward today to help place Indian Tribes on equal footing with nonTribal citizens by allowing them to pursue the very same economic opportunities as everybody else. This repeal enables Tribes to diversify their economic investments and helps provide jobs not just for Tribes, but for neighboring communities as well. This is a matter of fairness, Mr. Speaker. Washington, D.C., shouldn’t be in the business of telling Indian Country it cannot engage in a business that is allowed everywhere else and is actually helping many neighboring areas, in terms of revitalizing their local economy. Lastly, and to be clear, while this bill provides additional opportunities for Tribes, it does not provide special treatment. Tribes will still be required to follow State and Federal liquor laws and regulations, just as they currently do for breweries and wineries. Mr. Speaker, I urge my fellow Members to vote in favor of this bill. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5317 is simple and straightforward. It repeals an antiquated law that stands in the way of a Tribal economic development project. The law in question dates back to 1834, and it prohibits the operation of a distillery on Indian lands. On their face, these types of outdated laws may seem trivial, but they have realworld consequences. The Chehalis Tribe in Washington began the permitting process for the construction and operation of an economic development project, which includes a craft distillery, when they came up against the 1834 law. The project is a great economic development opportunity, one that will create jobs and revenue not only for the Chehalis Tribe, but for the surrounding communities as well. However, in order for the Tribe to proceed with the project, the prohibition must first be removed. Mr. Speaker, I support the goals of H.R. 5317 and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5317, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CONTRA COSTA CANAL TRANSFER ACT Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6040) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and facilities of the Central Valley Project, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6040 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Contra Costa Canal Transfer Act’’. 
In this Act: (1) ACQUIRED LAND .—The term ‘‘acquired land’’ means land in Federal ownership and land over which the Federal Government holds an interest for the purpose of the construction and operation of the Contra Costa Canal, including land under the jurisdiction of— (A) the Bureau of Reclamation; (B) the Western Area Power Administration; and (C) the Department of Defense in the case of the Clayton Canal diversion traversing the Concord Naval Weapons Station. (2) CONTRA COSTA CANAL AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘Contra Costa Canal Agreement’’ means an agreement between the District and the Bureau of Reclamation to determine the legal, institutional, and financial terms surrounding the transfer of the Contra Costa Canal, including but not limited to compensation to the reclamation fund established by the first section of the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 388, chapter 1093), equal to the net present value of miscellaneous revenues that the United States would otherwise derive over the 10 years following enactment of this Act from the eligible lands and facilities to be transferred, as governed by reclamation law and policy and the contracts. (3) CONTRA COSTA CANAL .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Contra Costa Canal’’ means the Contra Costa Canal Unit of the Central Valley Project, which exclusively serves the Contra Costa Water District in an urban area of Contra Costa County, California. (B) INCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘Contra Costa Canal’’ includes pipelines, conduits, pumping plants, aqueducts, laterals, water storage and regulatory facilities, electric substations, related works and improvements, and all interests in land associated with the Contra Costa Canal Unit of the Central Valley Project in existence on the date of enactment of this Act. (C) EXCLUSION .—The term ‘‘Contra Costa Canal’’ does not include the Rock Slough fish screen facility. (4) CONTRACTS .—The term ‘‘contracts’’ means the existing water service contract between the District and the United States, Contract No. 175r–3401A–LTR1 (2005), Contract No. 14–06–200– 6072A (1972, as amended), and any other contract or land permit involving the United States, the District, and Contra Costa Canal. (5) DISTRICT .—The term ‘‘District’’ means the Contra Costa Water District, a political subdivision of the State of California. (6) ROCK SLOUGH FISH SCREEN FACILITY .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Rock Slough fish screen facility’’ means the fish screen facility at the Rock Slough intake to the Contra Costa Canal. (B) INCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘Rock Slough fish screen facility’’ includes the screen structure, rake cleaning system, and accessory structures integral to the screen function of the Rock Slough fish screen facility, as required under the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4706). (7) ROCK SLOUGH FISH SCREEN FACILITY TITLE  
TRANSFER AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘Rock Slough fish screen facility title transfer agreement’’ means an agreement between the District and the Bureau of Reclamation to— (A) determine the legal, institutional, and financial terms surrounding the transfer of the Rock Slough fish screen facility; and (B) ensure the continued safe and reliable operations of the Rock Slough fish screen facility. (8) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, in consideration for the District assuming from the United States all liability for the administration, operation, maintenance, and replacement of the Contra Costa Canal, consistent with the terms and conditions set forth in the Contra Costa Canal Agreement and subject to valid existing rights and existing recreation agreements between the Bureau of Reclamation and the East Bay Regional Park District for Contra Loma Regional Park and other local agencies within the Contra Costa Canal, the Secretary shall offer to convey and assign to the District— (1) all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to— (A) the Contra Costa Canal; and (B) the acquired land; and (2) all interests reserved and developed as of the date of enactment of this Act for the Contra Costa Canal in the acquired land, including existing recreation agreements between the Bureau of Reclamation and the East Bay Regional Park District for Contra Loma Regional Park and other local agencies within the Contra Costa Canal. (b) ROCKSLOUGH FISHSCREEN FACILITY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall convey and assign to the District all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Rock Slough fish screen facility pursuant to the Rock Slough fish screen facility title transfer agreement. (2) COOPERATION .—No later than 180 days after the conveyance of the Contra Costa Canal, the Secretary and the District shall enter into 
good faith negotiations to accomplish the conveyance and assignment under paragraph (1). (c) PAYMENT OF COSTS.—The District shall pay to the Secretary any administrative and real estate transfer costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the conveyances and assignments under subsections (a) and (b), including the cost of any boundary survey, title search, cadastral survey, appraisal, and other real estate transaction required for the conveyances and assignments. (d) COMPLIANCE WITH ENVIRONMENTAL  LAWS.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Before carrying out the conveyances and assignments under subsections (a) and (b), the Secretary shall comply with all applicable requirements under— (A) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (B) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); and (C) any other law applicable to the Contra Costa Canal or the acquired land. (2) EFFECT .—Nothing in this Act modifies or alters any obligations under— (A) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); or (B) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
SEC. 4. RELATIONSHIP TO EXISTING CENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT CONTRACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Nothing in this Act affects— (1) the application of the reclamation laws to water delivered to the District pursuant to any contract with the Secretary; or (2) subject to subsection (b), the contracts. (b) AMENDMENTS TO CONTRACTS .—The Sec retary and the District may modify the contracts as necessary to comply with this Act. (c) LIABILITY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the United States shall not be liable for damages arising out of any act, omission, or occurrence relating to the Contra Costa Canal or the acquired land. (2) EXCEPTION .—The United States shall continue to be liable for damages caused by acts of negligence committed by the United States or by any employee or agent of the United States before the date of the conveyance and assignment under section 3(a), consistent with chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Federal Tort Claims Act’’). (3) LIMITATION .—Nothing in this Act increases the liability of the United States beyond the liability provided under chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. 
If the conveyance and assignment authorized by section 3(a) is not completed by the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that— (1) describes the status of the conveyance and assignment; (2) describes any obstacles to completing the conveyance and assignment; and (3) specifies an anticipated date for completion of the conveyance and assignment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6040 would transfer the Contra Costa Canal to the Contra Costa County Water District. Contra Costa seeks to enclose the earthen canal to increase water supply availability and improve public safety. Officials in the region have documented 81 instances where individuals have drowned from falling into the canal, but, currently, Contra Costa faces financial and bureaucratic challenges to conducting this important upgrade because it doesn’t have title to the canal. This bill would allow local water users who best understand the unique challenges of the area to determine what is right for them. H.R. 6040 is not only advantageous to local beneficiaries, but it is also a relief to the American taxpayer. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ), the author of this legislation. Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. First, I would like to thank the Contra Costa Water District and the Bureau of Reclamation for their support and guidance in putting this bill together. I would also like to thank Senators FEINSTEIN and H ARRIS for carrying this bill in the Senate. The bill transfers ownership of the Contra Costa Canal from the Bureau of Reclamation to the Contra Costa Water District. b1930 The Contra Costa Water District currently operates and maintains the canal system as part of its infrastructure for providing water to half a million people. However, the Bureau of Reclamation still owns the canal, which it began building in 1937. The transfer of the canal to local ownership will allow Contra Costa Water District to invest in muchneeded upgrades, repairs, and to provide safety and environmental benefits to its customers. Contra Costa Water District intends to invest an estimated $650 million to enclose the pipe, which will mitigate flood risk to the surrounding community, extend the useful life of this infrastructure for another 80 years, and prevent drownings, which currently average about one per year. I appreciate that the Contra Costa Water District has conducted extensive outreach for the local communities and has broad support in the district. This bill also acknowledges an agreement with the East Bay Regional Park District, which will continue to maintain important recreational opportunities along the canal. In closing, I would like to thank Chairman BISHOP and Ranking Member GRIJALVA for their support in moving this legislation forward that will have enormous benefits for our community. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ). Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank MARK DESAULNIER for introducing this bill. This legislation will allow the Contra Costa Water District to assume control over the Contra Costa Canal. It will make important safety improvements by enclosing the waterway to protect against accidental drownings. As Mr. GIANFORTE indicated, there have been 81 drownings. Now, if you look at the canals: It is a hot day. They look refreshing. It looks safe. It is not. It is very, very dangerous. Even the best swimmers can drown in those conditions. It will also improve both the water supply and the land around the canal for recreational use. Additionally, it will upgrade the fish screening equipment to better protect endangered species. Title transfers such as this will reduce the backlog for repairing and upgrading infrastructure and may reduce duplicative Federal approvals. These type of water projects are the kind of pragmatic policymaking that we should be focusing on on a bipartisan basis. This bill is one of many pieces of legislation that is necessary to maintain the health of the California delta, which supports the livelihoods of farmers, businesses, and families in my district. Above all, we need policies that focus on water efficiency and resilience. This program will increase the resilience of the canals. This is forwardthinking legislation that concentrates on mitigating increasing damage from climate change. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, the Contra Costa Canal serves as a primary water delivery system for 500,000 people in central and eastern Contra Costa County, California. The canal system is currently too exposed, resulting in safety hazards, degraded water quality and supply, and increased maintenance costs. Tragically, 81 people have drowned in the canal since it became operational. H.R. 6040 will transfer ownership of the Contra Costa Canal from the Department of the Interior to the Contra Costa Water District so the district can upgrade this 81yearold water infrastructure with a secure, buried pipeline. In addition to the many benefits of this legislation to the people of the county, transferring ownership of the canal will also benefit wildlife. The planned updates to the system will reduce unnecessary water losses from 
seepage in unlined portions of the canal and prevent further losses from evaporation. Preventing water loss will ensure that additional water is delivered to national wildlife refuges in California. Mr. Speaker, I support passage of this legislation. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6040, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
REMEMBERING THE ATTACK ON BENGHAZI (Mr. MAST asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because it has been 6 years since the attack on the American consulate in Benghazi and ask that we reflect on the four patriotic Americans who lost their lives: Petty Officer First Class Glen Doherty and Senior Chief Petty Officer Tyrone Woods were Navy SEALs, doing what they loved, serving as security personnel in Libya and working to protect United States diplomats. Ambassador Chris Stevens and Staff Sergeant Sean Smith served for a combined 31 years with the U.S. State Department. In honor of their memory, I am asking that our colleagues cosponsor the Gold Medal Act, H.R. 2315, to formally recognize these four men with the Congressional Gold Medal for their heroism and dedication to our country. I am asking that every Member of the House think about their 12 grueling hours of closequarters combat, the crack of those AK–47s firing at them and next to each one of them, the indirect fire that their compound was taking, the fires that burned their bodies, the unanswered calls for help. Think about their lifesaving actions on behalf of others and the fact that it cost them their own lives. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Byrd, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate agrees to the report of the committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 5895) ‘‘An Act making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes.’’. The message also announced that the Senate agreed to a concurrent resolution of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: S. Con. Res. 46. Concurrent Resolution directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 5895. f 
DHS TRANSFER OF $10 MILLION FROM FEMA TO ICE (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, Hurricane Florence is possibly the most devastating hurricane to hit the Carolinas in a lifetime. Let us prepare for the worst and hope for the best. As global climate change makes extreme weather events more likely and more dangerous, the Trump administration is burying its head in the sand. A month ago, FEMA released an internal review of its response to Hurricane Maria, admitting that, among other things, when Hurricane Maria struck, FEMA’s warehouses in Puerto Rico were basically empty. Then yesterday we find out that the Trump administration diverted $10 million from FEMA to ICE in order to boost its detention program and lock up children in cages away from their parents and babies from their mothers. This is outrageous. It is just another example of how callous the Trump administration is and how misplaced its priorities are. I hope that FEMA and the Trump administration do better in the Carolinas because Hurricane Florence is going to be devastating. 
RECOGNIZING HONOR FLIGHT SOUTH FLORIDA (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to thank Honor Flight South Florida for its work to recognize outstanding veterans of our Armed Forces. This Saturday, September 15, Honor Flight South Florida, in conjunction with the Miami International Airport, will again lead a group of these brave veterans on their visit to our Nation’s capital. Since its inception in 2005, the mission of Honor Flight has been to welcome our heroes to Washington so that these patriots may visit their memorials. Today, the Honor Flight network has 140 regional hubs across the United States, each working tirelessly to pay tribute to these amazing Americans. Mr. Speaker, as the wife of a combat wounded Vietnam veteran and stepmother and motherinlaw to Marine Corps aviators, I am familiar with the courage and the resolve that is required to dedicate one’s life to the service of others. I am so thankful for all the veterans’ devotion to our Nation, as well as the great work of organizations like Honor Flight. We must never forget the contributions these brave men and women have made to our country, and I wish Honor Flight and the vets they serve the utmost success in the years to come. f 
PREEXISTING CONDITIONS (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to condemn the efforts by the Trump administration and this Republican Congress to strip health insurance coverage from millions of Americans. Before the Affordable Care Act, greedy insurance companies locked out people with preexisting conditions like it was nothing. A Federal court is hearing a case, Texas v. United States, which could dismantle several key health protections, one of which is protections for individuals with preexisting conditions. Trump’s Justice Department refuses to defend existing law, which is unprecedented, and shirks its responsibility to defend the laws Congress has passed. This could hurt millions of people. In the United States, there are 130 million people with preexisting conditions. In Ohio alone, 42 percent of the population has preexisting conditions. In a recent poll, 75 percent of the public, regardless of party affiliation, said protections for people with preexisting conditions are very important. This is what the American people want and need. As a Congress, we are charged to represent the interests of the people; to be for the people, not the big insurance companies, not the big pharmaceutical companies that would profit even more from a lopsided healthcare system. Every American life matters. Every single one of them. 
IMPENDING CRISIS IN SYRIA (Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to again bring attention to the impending crisis in Idlib province, Syria. Last week I spoke in the well of the House about the great work our Kansans and Americans are doing in support of the innocent Syrian people, many of them with no connection to Syria other than seeing years of pointless death and mayhem and wanting to help the Syrian people cope with their country’s destruction and return to their families, their villages, their work. I learned today that many of those Syrians that my fellow Americans support are now only a few kilometers away from the frontlines of the Assad backed war machine. 
The U.S. must continue to support Turkey’s push to achieve a diplomatic solution to at least delay an assault on Idlib. I believe the use of chemical weapons should not be the only trigger for an American response, but that we can no longer stand by as scores of innocents are massacred by the brutal dictator and his Russian agents. I call on the President to strengthen his resolve against Assad’s barbarous acts and to continue to support the innocent Syrian people. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CHRISTOPHER ELIJAH HARNUM (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the life of Christopher Elijah Harnum. On November 13, 2010, Chris was a victim of gun violence, a 14yearold boy shot through the stomach as he played with his friends. Chris spent over a year in the hospital recovering from his injuries. As he recovered, Chris devoted his life to serving others. Chris worked to become an EMT so that he could help those in need. In the aftermath of the October 1 shooting in Las Vegas, Chris formed Vegas Out of Ashes, a nonprofit devoted to helping those victims. Chris personally collected donations, purchased water and goods, promoted blood drives, and visited local hospitals. Through it all, Chris struggled with PTSD and depression from his own trauma. The events of October 1 reopened Chris’ wounds, and as he worked tirelessly to help those suffering around him, Chris suffered himself. On August 19, 2018, Chris lost his battle against depression. Today, I honor Chris as a fighter, who rose from his own ashes to put the needs of others above his own, who exuded love through his own pain and who embodied the best of what it means to be a Nevadan, a Las Vegan, and an American. 
b1945 ARMENIAN GENOCIDE (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, more than a century ago, one of the most horrific genocides in history took place as the world was fixated on the Great War raging in Europe. The Ottoman Empire and its successor state, the modern Republic of Turkey, have always denied the atrocities they committed against the Armenian people. For too long, our own government has played along with Turkey. We have allowed politics to blind us from the mass murder of 11⁄2million innocent Armenians by the Ottoman Turks. We must officially recognize this horrific crime to prevent similar events from occurring again. This also means pressuring the Turks to acknowledge their past sins. Turkey, under dictator Erdogan, has proven to be an oppressor of his own people. Today, we see him adopt similar brutality against the Kurds that was applied to the Armenians more than a century ago. This behavior is unacceptable by a NATO member and a supposed American ally. And that is just the way it is. 
HONORING VEL R. PHILLIPS (Ms. MOORE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, the House is going to take up and, hopefully, pass legislation that I have introduced to honor a Wisconsin hero and one of my sheroes, Vel R. Phillips. The bill would designate a post office in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in her honor. Vel was the first of so many things: the first African American and the first woman to become an alderman in the city of Milwaukee; the first African American woman to graduate from the University of WisconsinMadison Law School; the first African American judge in Milwaukee County; the first and only African American to win election statewide in Wisconsin. But her life and contributions cannot simply be summed up by merely adding up her many firsts. Such an approach gives short shrift of her local and national impact. For you see, Mr. Speaker, she was a soldier for social justice in the national movement for desegregation in housing in the open housing movement. I first met Vel when I was 16 years old, and she was the judge in an oratorical contest. That encounter has made a lifelong impact on me. Vel passed away earlier this year in her 90s, but her legacy of love, service, and commitment lives on. 
SUICIDE PREVENTION WEEK (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to the tragic epidemic that impacts too many Montanans and Americans. Suicide rates are increasing across the country. On average, a Montanan dies by suicide every 33 hours. Suicide is now the eighth leading cause of death in Montana. The Centers for Disease Control recently reported a 30 percent increase in suicide rates in the last 20 years, with nearly 45,000 Americans taking their own lives in 2016. Veterans account for almost 20 percent of all suicides in the United States. Suicide rates amongst farmers have been increasing. We, however, can reverse the trajectory of one of the leading causes of death in this country. There is good news coming out of Montana. The Billings Clinic, which I recently toured, announced it will launch Montana’s first psychiatric residency program. This will expand access to mental healthcare for our more rural areas. I speak out today during Suicide Prevention Week because suicide is preventable. Access to crisis resources saves lives. Mental and behavioral health research saves lives. Ending the stigma surrounding suicide saves lives. f 
HONORING SERGEANT GERALD TIMMANN (Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an American hero, Sergeant Gerald Timmann. Sergeant Timmann is a Vietnam combat veteran from Leetonia, Ohio, who served in the 101st Airborne from 1967 to 1969. He spent 13 grueling months in Vietnam’s jungles and was exposed to some of the worst battles in the conflict. Ten days prior to the end of his tour, Sergeant Timmann was hit by a grenade during combat, causing him to lose both legs. Sergeant Timmann says he is forever grateful to the brave medevac helicopter crews that, under heavy fire, rescued him. In honor of his profound bravery, Sergeant Timmann has deservedly received a number of awards, including the Purple Heart, Infantry Combat Medal, and National Defense Service Medal. Sergeant Timmann exemplifies the selfless courage of our military, and I am honored to share his story with the Nation today. 
PERMANENT REAUTHORIZATION OF THE LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues, Democrat and Republican alike, and House leadership to support permanent reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. This vital program benefits millions of Americans in innumerable ways, from promoting recreational activity to contributing to our Nation’s robust economy, along with furthering environmental protection. As we rapidly approach the deadline for this crucial program, which affects 98 percent of counties here in the United States and contributes to an 
economy that encompasses 1 out of 15 American jobs, I urge this Congress to take up full permanent funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Since its establishment 50 years ago, the Land and Water Conservation Fund has greatly benefitted my home district in Bucks and Montgomery Counties in Pennsylvania. Treasured public lands such as Nockamixon State Park, Tyler State Park, and cherished community venues such as Hatfield Community Park are all just a few of the examples of the beneficiaries of this valuable fund. I am encouraged by the strong bipartisan support for permanent funding of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to continue its authorization and funding on a permanent basis. Mr. Speaker, this must be a bipartisan priority, and we must get this done. The alternative is unacceptable. 
IMPOSING CERTAIN SANCTIONS IN THE EVENT OF FOREIGN INTERFERENCE IN A UNITED STATES ELECTION—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–152) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Committee on the Judiciary, Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and Committee on House Administration, and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), section 212(f) of the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952 (8 U.S.C. 1182(f)), and section 301 of title 3, United States Code, I hereby report that I have issued an Executive Order declaring a national emergency to deal with the threat of foreign interference in United States elections and authorizing the United States Government to impose a range of appropriate and meaningful sanctions against foreign individuals and entities determined to have engaged in election interference. Foreign powers have historically sought to exploit America’s free and open political system. In recent years, the proliferation of digital devices and internetbased communications has created significant vulnerabilities and magnified the scope and intensity of the threat of foreign interference. To deal with this threat, I have directed the Director of National Intelligence to conduct regular assessments of any information indicating that foreign election interference has taken place. I have also directed the Attorney General and Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct evaluations of the effects of any such interference that targeted election infrastructure or campaignrelated infrastructure, and to provide updates and recommendations on appropriate measures to take in response. In the event foreign election interference is determined to have occurred, the Executive Order provides for the imposition of sanctions on foreign persons determined by the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to have engaged in, sponsored, concealed, or otherwise been complicit in the interference, as well as other related persons. The Executive Order further directs the Secretary of State and the Secretary of the Treasury to develop additional recommended sanctions measures, appropriately calibrated to account for the severity of the interference and any collateral effects on United States and allied financial stability and economic and security interests, targeting companies in significant economic sectors in a country whose government is determined to have engaged in or sponsored election interference. I am enclosing a copy of the Executive Order I have issued. DONALD J. T RUMP .THEWHITE HOUSE , September 12, 2018. 
AMERICA IS #BETTEROFFNOW The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kansas? There was no objection. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin tonight by offering thoughts and prayers to the communities in the path of Hurricane Florence. My home State of Kansas is no stranger to natural disasters, and we are standing with those who will be impacted in the coming days. Mr. Speaker, I want to talk about how we are all better off now. There has been a lot of talk lately about our country’s economic recovery. Some of the debate recently has centered around when it started versus how it started. But really, it indicates one thing is real clear, that after years of stagnation, high unemployment, low wage growth, today, there is no denying that America is better off now than we were 2 years ago. Tax reform and getting government out of the way has helped fuel this economic recovery. For 8 long years, we had an administration working against business growth. Now America has a President and Congress working to grow the economy. In addition to our economy, progrowth policies have been championed that allow veterans, our Armed Forces, families, and small businesses in every sector and in every community to be better off now. During this Special Order, I look forward to highlighting all the exciting things happening in my district in Kansas and around the country that are returning America to a place of strength, security, and prosperity. Throughout the August district work period, I traveled my district discussing how Kansans are better off now thanks to legislation that enhances our economy, secures our community, and strengthens our military. During the past month, I met with multitudes of small businesses and groups, some of which include: the Wichita Regional Chamber of Commerce; touring a wind farm in Pratt County; meeting with constituents at Dave’s Pizza in Coldwater; learning about services provided at Medicine Lodge Memorial Hospital; meeting with constituents at Hibbard’s Prescription Plus in Medicine Lodge; hosted a town hall for veterans; participated in a roundtable with the Realtors of south central Kansas; celebrated the ribbon cutting of two low income housing projects in Wichita, one specifically designated for veterans; met with constituents at Tiger Town Pizza in St. John; toured the Golden Belt Feeders in Stafford County; met with constituents at Carr AutoElectric in Larned; visited the Offerle Coop; spent a day in Greensburg at the Big Well Museum, the school, the senior center, the art studio, and the media center; discussed the farm bill and several other issues related to our agriculture community as I went to several county farm bureau meetings; spoke at the West Wichita Sunrise Rotary Club; and toured the Textron Aviation manufacturing facility. I travel home to Kansas every week and during the district work period to hear from constituents. Even though there is more work to do, my latest district work period made it clear, as I spent time in the district, that individuals, families, and small businesses across our State and country are better off now. From our economy standpoint, the numbers really speak for themselves. The unemployment rate is near an 18 year low at 3.9 percent. Youth unemployment is at the lowest level in 52 years. Female unemployment is at the lowest level in 65 years. Black and Hispanic unemployment rates are the second lowest ever recorded. Veterans recently hit the lowest unemployment in 20 years. Last quarter, our economy grew at 4.2 percent. For perspective on that, during President Obama’s term, the economy only grew at an average of 1.9 percent. 
b2000 Last month, wages grew at the fastest rate in 9 years; consumer confidence in our economy is the highest since October 2000; and just yesterday, small business optimism surged to the highest level ever recorded, passing the record that was set during President Reagan’s Presidency. Jobless claims are at the lowest rate since December 6, 1969, and this summer, the U.S. had more job openings than job seekers for the first time in history. These numbers are great news for the millions of families across America, but these numbers didn’t happen by accident. I look forward to further discussion tonight about how we are working every day to make America better off now. At this time, I am pleased to yield to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ). Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, long before 2017, our Tax Code had become broken, complicated, and outdated. It no longer worked for our families or our businesses. We needed to rebuild confidence in our private sector and provide release for families. We needed to bring back America’s competitive edge by giving job creators freedom from punishing high taxes. And when tax reform was signed into law last December, we accomplished that. In our bill, we doubled the standard deduction and lowered the rate for individuals, which means that parents and families are keeping more of their money in their pockets. We also dramatically reduced the tax rate for small businesses so they can invest in the people who keep their businesses moving. And now we want to make those cuts permanent. The Tax Foundation estimates that implementing permanent relief will create 1.5 million new jobs and increase our GDP by 2.2 percent. Permanent tax cuts will continue to encourage the economic growth that has put our Nation back in the front of competition. It will give taxpayers room to breathe when it comes to saving for life’s unexpected challenges or emergencies, and it will allow our families to save money by expanding access to new and existing savings vehicles for their children’s education. That is what tax reform is all about: allowing taxpayers to keep more money in their pockets so that they can choose what to do with their money. Americans know how to spend their money better than the government does. It is as simple as that. I am proud of our accomplishments, because it means people can breathe easier and with confidence. But we still have work to do to ensure that our Tax Code remains competitive, innovative, and better. Tax reform is boosting our economy, and we want to add to that momentum. So, with the bill that the Ways and Means Committee is working on, we have an opportunity to bring permanent certainty to millions of Americans, and we intend to do just that. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ). Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my dear friend from Kansas for letting me share with the American people the stories from home, Texas 22. My home county, my home district is on the verge of coming close to 900,000 people. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has changed all of their lives in a dramatic and very important way. Texas 22 is better off now. My home county, Fort Bend County, Texas, is the most diverse county in America; 140 languages are spoken all over Texas 22. Every time I am home, I ask people what they think about lower tax rates for their families, a 21 percent corporate tax rate, full expensing of their expenses in the same year, and an end of the death tax. They say the same thing over and over; 140 languages become one language, and that language is pure Texas. Quote from back home: 
Dang straight. I reckon I can buy a new pickup truck, provide healthcare for my employees who have back pains because their wallets in their back pockets of their Wrangler jeans are so darn heavy they are twisting their spine. 
I can’t understand how Democrats in the U.S. House can call these tax cuts mere crumbs. 
Crumbs. Back home, they are puzzled: How can these Democrats be so out of touch with America? How can my family keeping our money be such a bad thing? But one old boy Texan in Meadville, Texas, solved this problem. He said: 
If the money I get in my pocket from keeping my money is crumbs, I am fixing to be a world record holder in the Guinness Book of World Records. I will have a mound of crumbs as big as a Texas icon, Enchanted Rock. 
That rock is 640 acres big and stands 525 feet above the terrain. That is a dang big pile of crumbs. Gary Allred owns Rosenberg Tractor right there in Fort Bend County. He has had that up and running for 32 years. Being in the tractor business, agriculture, lots of ups and downs: One year it rains; the next year it doesn’t. One year it is hot; one year it is cold. The big city is coming his way. We are growing dramatically in southeast Texas. All this growth has made his land very, very, very valuable. He knows if he has to sell his land sometime in the future, land that has been in his family now for almost 50 years, he will have to pay a death tax; and maybe his daughter, his son, his grandsons, his granddaughters won’t have his dream, their tractor company in their possession. But Gary knows now he no longer has to worry: the death tax is dead. That is because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. He said: 
I have guys coming in, customers, looking to buy a new tractor and all the farm implements that go with them. He is worried because he is a hay farmer, piles and piles of hay. He is worried because these socalled crumbs he will get will be so huge, they will block out all of his hay crops. That is a big, big, big pile of crumbs. Mr. Speaker, the final crumb story I have, again, is from an icon from Richmond, Texas. His name is Andres Novoa. He owns La Cocina Mexican restaurant. For every crumb of the Mexican food he makes, he sells, he gives two crumbs back to his local community. He has the largest Cinco de Mayo celebration in all of Fort Bend County. He raises thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars for causes like Meals on Wheels in Fort Bend County. He has raised enough money to buy two vans for Meals on Wheels. With the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, he can buy another van, a third van, for Fort Bend County Meals on Wheels. These Texans are all excited. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act 2.0 is coming quickly. That means this great law will be permanent. It will be more competitive. And guess what. We will have more and more records in Fort Bend County of piles and piles of crumbs for the Guinness Book of World Records. Americans are better off right now, and they will be better off in the future. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas, appreciate all of that information, talking about the positive impact that is happening all across America with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. When we talk about are you really better off now, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is one of those great examples of something that has been accomplished over the last 2 years. The act itself just helped jumpstart our economy. It repealed the ObamaCare individual mandate penalty. The standard deduction was nearly doubled, up to $12,000 for single filers, to $18,000 for a head of household, and to $24,000 for joint filers. The child tax credit for families was doubled from $1,000 to $2,000, and individual along with business tax rates were cut across the board for every tax bracket. That means this year a middleclass family of four in Kansas will keep an extra $2,100 of their hard earned money in their pocket, money they can use, save for their retirement, save for their children’s college education, or maybe go out for a dinner and a movie. The law also cut corporate rates from 35 percent, which was the fourth highest rate in the world and the highest amongst the developed world, to a competitive 21 percent, encouraging businesses to expand and to reinvest in America again. So far, more than 700 companies around the country have done just that, benefiting millions of hardworking families with bonuses, higher wages, and better benefits. In Kansas, 24 businesses with more than 700 locations statewide have 
boosted wages and benefits for tens of thousands of employees. b2015 During the August work period, I was able to visit with employees at some of those companies, including Legacy Bank. Legacy Bank is a community based bank based in Colwich, Kansas, with roots dating back to 1885. Today, Legacy Bank operates eight branches throughout my district and has 81 employees. In July, Legacy Bank became one of the latest companies in my district to announce a midyear bonus of up to $1,000 per employee. In August, I met with employees and the board of directors, who told me the bonuses would not have been possible without the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Also, last month I met with workers from Textron Aviation Facilities in Wichita. In an earlier meeting, Textron officials had said the tax reforms of 2017 have strengthened the environment for aircraft sales in the United States and the outlook remains positive. Textron now has the largest backlog of orders in 8 years, supporting thousands of jobs in our community, which we proudly call the air capital of the world. Our district is also home to the largest tax cut bonus in the country. After the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was signed, Wichita Railway Systems, a railroad car parts supplier, turned their tax cut into $3,000 to $6,000 bonuses for its employees. The Wichita Business Journal reported that these bonuses would have otherwise gone toward corporate income tax and on to the government. During a visit there, the CEO of the small manufacturing company said employees receiving the bonus would turn right around and invest in the economy, showing how these bonuses not only benefit the workers and their families, but also the entire community. Other employees who are better off now thanks to the tax cuts include Fidelity Bank, which announced $1,500 bonuses for its 400 Wichita area employees. Cox Communications announced $1,000 to $2,000 bonuses for their 900 area employees. Mahaney Roofing in Wichita has been able to hire more employees thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. And Wichita’s largest employer, Spirit AeroSystems, announced new investments in technology and training to help the rising demand in 2018. These numbers show the economic growth and optimism happening in my State and around the country because of tax reform. And, more importantly, behind each statistic are people who are finally better off now. Recently, my colleague Representative BRADWENSTRUP from Ohio pointed out that the critics who proclaim that tax cuts only help billionaires could not be further from the truth. Over $1.1 trillion in tax relief, or 77 percent of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, goes directly to families and small businesses. Over onehalf of the 2019 individual tax cuts, or $133 billion, go to those earning under $200,000. Middleincome families see larger percentage reductions in their taxes than wealthier families. A typical married couple with two kids earning $73,000 would see a tax cut of over $2,000, a reduction in their income taxes of nearly 60 percent. The bill didn’t just help the rich. Under the new tax law, the share of taxes paid by millionaires actually increases from 19.3 percent to 19.8 percent. Also, when American companies are doing well, workers do well. Just ask one of the 4 million workers who saw a benefit or pay raise due to the tax reform. I would also like to point out that companies who had previously stashed money abroad are bringing it back to the United States thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Our Tax Code penalized companies that did successfully operate overseas, and we wanted to tax them. Our Tax Code wanted to tax them a second time for them to bring their money back home. So, typically, these companies would only bring about $50 billion in earnings abroad every quarter. In the first 3 months of this year, they brought $158 billion back to the U.S. According to Bloomberg, that is the biggest reversal on record since 1946. In addition, dividends received from abroad totaled $340 billion in the first 3 months of 2018, which is also a record. This money can be put to work in the United States either investing in a new plant, paying for bonuses or salary increases, paying dividends, or buying back stock. But at the end of the day, America is richer because of it, and we are all better off now. Families from the heartland and throughout our country are also better off thanks to lower utility rates that are a direct result of the tax reform: expanded family savings programs for education and retirement; in efforts to reduce crime in our communities, including human trafficking. We have also invested $2 billion to address school safety and mental health issues. A new Career and Technical Education Act for the 21st Century is allowing more students to pursue career and technical programs at institutions like Wichita State University Tech. One of the things that I am seeing as I travel across the district is that we have a drastic shortage of an educated workforce to help fill these jobs, and we wanted to make sure that, in utilizing the Career and Technical Education Act, we get more people to be supplied as welders, auto mechanics, airplane mechanics, electronics technicians, and sheet metal workers. Provisions in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act also help promote rural broadband expansion. Last month, I visited with Butler Rural Electric CoOp, which said they are now able to provide faster internet to residents in rural parts of my district. In June, the House passed a package of 58 bills to combat the opioid epidemic. This was the most significant effort by Congress against a single drug crisis in history, as we have invested $4 billion to address this epidemic. Just to talk a little bit about that epidemic, in 2016, 313 people died from an opioid overdose in Kansas, leaving thousands of family members and friends to cope with the loss. In 2018, more than 2 million Americans will suffer from an opioid addiction. In June, when the House passed the 58 bills, we wanted to focus on this being the most significant effort by Congress to make sure that this drug crisis is addressed and resolved. Last year’s spending bill that spends the $4 billion to address this epidemic is being used to help law enforcement efforts, funding new treatment and prevention efforts and increasing inspection and surveillance to stop the flow of drugs into our country. Human trafficking has become a major problem across the country. This year, House Republicans have passed dozens of bills to fight human trafficking, including the Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act, the Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign Authorization Act, the No Human Trafficking on Our Roads Act, and the Combating Human Trafficking in Commercial Vehicles Act, which have been signed into law. As a result, online advertising for commercial sex trafficking has gone down by 60 to 80 percent. In another area, in May, Congress sent the Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2018 to President Trump. As Speaker RYAN said, terminally ill patients and their loved ones deserve the opportunity, wherever possible, to take advantage of an offer that may provide them a chance for a longer life. For patients who may not qualify for certain trials or who have tried other options of approved medication, this bill would allow them access to experimental treatments and therapies. After all, it should be their choice of what they do, to help them have that opportunity and the right to try. The good news doesn’t stop with our economy and with our families. Veterans and our armed services have been a priority in this Congress. This year Congress passed the VA MISSION Act, which revolutionizes healthcare for veterans by streamlining services and ensuring veterans get the care they deserve from the VA or from their private doctor closer to home. This is the biggest improvement in veterans healthcare in 5 years and will build on the Choice Act to fulfill our promise to veterans by allocating $5.2 billion to pay healthcare costs through the Veterans Choice Fund, expanding eligibility in the VA’s caregiver program, and improving healthcare delivery, including telemedicine, mental 
health support, peertopeer support, and mobile deployment teams for rural and underserved veterans for routine and specialized care. Also for veterans, the Affordable Housing Credit Improvement Act that we passed in Congress is helping establish affordable housing communities for senior citizens and veterans, like the two that recently opened in my district. Last month, I was able to join one of those communities specifically designed for veterans for the ribbon cutting ceremony. One veteran who participated told local media: 
This is a miracle right here. God has done a lot of miracles in my life. This is one of the top ones. 
Since President Trump signed the VA MISSION Act on June 6, 2018, which happens to be Dday, it has helped revolutionize healthcare for veterans by making sure that they get the options, the choices, and the right to the care that they so richly deserve. We have also focused on: How do we help our ActiveDuty military servicemembers? We passed the National Defense Authorization Act, which invests $700 billion in rebuilding our military. It provides our troops the largest pay raise in 9 years. It supports more aircraft, like the KC–46 tankers from McConnell Air Force Base in my district. It shot down an increase of fees in TRICARE for retirees. It allows former prisoners of war, Medal of Honor winners, and serviceconnected disability veterans to access the commissaries starting in 2020. A sad note: There are 22 veterans a day who commit suicide. What we have done is, as Congress, passed five comprehensive bills to address this epidemic: House Amendment 769 appropriates no less than $225 million for VA mental health and suicide prevention programs; H.R. 4635 directs the VA to emphasize peer support counselors for female veterans who, among other things, are also at risk of suicide; H.R. 4173 directs the VA to conduct studies on outcomes and efficacy of the Veterans Crisis Line and report to Congress the results; H.R. 2345 requires the FCC to coordinate with HHS and the VA in studying the feasibility of designing a three digit dialing code for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system; and H.R. 918 directs the VA to furnish former members of the Armed Forces an initial mental health assessment and mental healthcare services required to treat urgent mental healthcare needs, including the risk of suicide or harm to others. There are many things that we have accomplished. There are still more things to do. This week, we are going to vote to give the VA the largest dollar amount in history, which includes: $206 million for suicide prevention outreach, for a total of $8.6 billion for mental healthcare programs; $192 million for the inspector general, $25 million above fiscal year 2018, to provide the resources needed to investigate the overwhelming number of allegations being reported with regard to waste, claims processing backlogs, and general accountability; Fully funds family housing at $1.6 billion, $173 million above the fiscal year 2018 enacted levels for the families of those who serve; and $1.8 billion to homeless veterans programs. Overall, there are just so many positive things that have been accomplished over the last 2 years when we look at are we all better off now. I have talked a lot about some of the impacts of the various bills that we have passed, some of the benefits that affect people in my district and people in the State of Kansas. I have here a list numerous companies throughout the State that have taken advantage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and I am going to read just a few of those and a brief description of what they did. b2030 The Lawrence Paper Company in Lawrence, Kansas, gave $500 bonuses for all 300 employees and spent $5 million for new equipment and expansion at all three locations. Spirit AeroSystems increased investment in training and technology. Westar Energy filed a request before the Kansas Corporation Commission to reflect that its electric rates ought to be reduced by the full amount of tax savings from the change in the Federal tax law. AT&T offered $1,000 bonuses for 1,500 Kansas employees. Walmart employees at 75 different Walmart stores throughout the State received tax reform bonuses, wage increases, and expanded maternity and paternity leave. Best Buy, which has 12 locations in Kansas, offered $1,000 bonuses to their fulltime employees and $500 bonuses to parttime employees. And even small businesses like Taco John’s, which has 19 locations in Kansas, all fulltime and parttime crew members received a $200 aftertax bonus. Other companies that offered benefits—may not run the normal thought of what you think about—but companies like Waste Management Incorporated, which has multiple locations in Kansas, paid $2,000 bonuses. I have a myriad of other companies that have taken advantage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that we have implemented, and reflect that not only are they, as companies, better off now, but their employees are better off now, as well. In closing, altogether these actions have encouraged rapid growth in our economy, security for our families, and support for our veterans and military. Don’t get me wrong. There is more to do. Healthcare premiums increased $4,400 per family from 2010 to 2016. We still have too many veterans needing healthcare and jobs. There is more to do to help small businesses grow, help families save for college or retirement, and support our farmers and our manufacturers. In the coming weeks, I am glad we will debate tax reform 2.0 to unleash another round of economic growth by protecting middleclass individuals and small business tax cuts from going up in the future, expanding educational and retirement savings options, and supporting entrepreneurs. But today, I am proud of what we have accomplished thus far because of businesses like BG Products, Inc., based in Wichita, Kansas. The automotive maintenance supply manufacturer was established in 1971 by a group of World War II veterans and automotive industry experts. Over time, BG Products, grew from an idea to an industry leader. Its products manufactured in our community are used and sold in all 50 States, in more than 60 countries, by more than 40,000 shops, dealerships, and technicians. However, 2 years ago, BG Products was at a crossroads, determining whether or not to expand based on the economy and the climate of government regulations. Following the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, BG Products was able to push forward with plans to expand, putting new tax savings directly toward new building projects and jobs. In July, BG Products represented Kansas in an event honoring products that are made in America. Following their White House appearance, I visited employees at BG Products and toured their 400,000squarefoot manufacturing facility in El Dorado where we discussed their plans to expand. Finally, on August 24, BG Products broke ground on a 145,000squarefoot edition in El Dorado, investing $24.5 million in our community and adding 21 new jobs. This kind of expansion would not have been possible without our growing economy. Like BG Products, Inc., today our economy and our country is strong and is better off now. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank all of my fellow Representatives who supported the various bills that we have passed over the last 2 years to help make my district, my State of Kansas, and my country stronger and better off now. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank all of my fellow Members who spoke on the bill today, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3798, SAVE AMERICAN WORKERS ACT OF 2017; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE CONFERENCE REPORT TO ACCOMPANY H.R. 5895, ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM SEPTEMBER 17, 2018, THROUGH SEPTEMBER 24, 2018. Mr. SESSIONS (during the Special Order of Mr. ESTES of Kansas), from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–949) on the resolution (H. Res. 1059) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3798) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the 30hour threshold for classification as a fulltime employee for purposes of the employer mandate in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and replace it with 40 hours; providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings during the period from September 17, 2018, through September 24, 2018, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. HOLDING (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and the balance of the week on account of assisting with hurricane preparedness efforts in North Carolina. Mr. ROUZER (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and the balance of the week on account of assisting with hurricane preparedness efforts in North Carolina. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 34 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, September 13, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
6203. A letter from the Secretary, Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Chief Compliance Officer Duties and Annual Report Requirements for Futures Commission Merchants, Swap Dealers, and Major Swap Participants; Amendments (RIN: 3038AE56) received September 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 6204. A letter from the Administrator, Cotton and Tobacco Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s direct final rule — Cotton Board Rules and Regulations: Adjusting Supplemental Assessment on Imports (2018 Amendments) [Doc. #: AMSCN 180013] received September 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 6205. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Defense Support of Special Events [Docket ID: DOD2017OS0053] (RIN: 0790AK05) received September 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6206. A letter from the Assistant to the Board, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting the Board’s interim final rule — to amend the Small Bank Holding Company and Savings and Loan Holding Company Policy Statement and related regulations; Changes to Reporting Requirements [Docket No.: R1619] (RIN: 7100 AF 13) received September 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 6207. A letter from the Assistant to the Board, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting the Board’s Major final rule — SingleCounterparty Credit Limits for Bank Holding Companies and Foreign Banking Organizations [Regulation YY; Docket No.: R1534] (RIN: 7100AE48) received September 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 6208. A letter from the Director, Office of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s interim final rule — Liquidity Coverage Ratio Rule: Treatment of Certain Municipal Obligations as HighQuality Liquid Assets (RIN: 3064AE77) received September 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 6209. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Cyber Security Incident Reporting Reliability Standards [Docket No.: RM182000; Order No. 848] received September 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6210. A letter from the Associate Chief, Auctions and Spectrum Access Division, Wireless Telecommunications Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Auctions of Upper Microwave Flexible Use Licenses for NextGeneration Wireless Services; Notice and Filing Requirements, Minimum Opening Bids, Upfront Payments, and Other Procedures for Auctions 101 (28 GHz) and 102 (24 GHz); Bidding in Auction 101 Scheduled to Begin November 14, 2018 [AU Docket No.: 18 85] received September 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6211. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regulation; Battle of the Bridges, Intracoastal Waterway; Venice, FL [Docket No.: USCG 20180608] (RIN: 1625AA08) received September 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6212. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Allegheny River Miles 0.7 to 1.0, Pittsburgh, PA [Docket No.: USCG20180750] (RIN: 1625 AA00) received September 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6213. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Ohio River Miles 0.0 to 0.5, Pittsburgh, PA [Docket No.: USCG20180743] (RIN: 1625AA00) received September 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6214. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regulation; Michigan Championships; Detroit River; Detroit, MI [Docket No.: USCG2018 0732] (RIN: 1625AA08) received September 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6215. A letter from the Regulation Development Coordinator, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Fiduciary Activities; Economic Impact Analysis (RIN: 2900AO53/WP2010001) received September 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 6216. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Implementation of Nonresident Alien Deposit Interest Regulations (Rev. Proc. 201836) received September 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6217. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Revenue Procedure: Examination of returns and claims for refund, credit, or abatement; determination of correct tax liability (Rev. Proc. 201845) received September 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 5059. A bill to amend the Home Owners’ Loan Act with respect to the registration and supervision of insurance savings and loan holding companies, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–937). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Business. H.R. 6316. A bill to clarify the primary functions and duties of the Office of Advocacy of the Small Business Administration, 
and for other purposes (Rept. 115–938). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Business. H.R. 6330. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to modify the method for prescribing size standards for business concerns (Rept. 115–939). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Business. H.R. 6347. A bill to adjust the real estate appraisal thresholds under the 7(a) program to bring them into line with the thresholds used by the Federal banking regulators, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–940). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Business. H.R. 6348. A bill to adjust the real estate appraisal thresholds under section 504 program to bring them into line with the thresholds used by the Federal banking regulators, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–941). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Business. H.R. 6367. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to specify what credit is given for certain subcontractors and to provide a dispute process for nonpayment to subcontractors, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–942). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Business. H.R. 6369. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to eliminate the inclusion of option years in the award price for sole source contracts, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–943). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Business. H.R. 6382. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to report certain information to the Congress and to the President, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–944). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 3398. A bill to amend the Real ID Act of 2005 to permit Freely Associated States to meet identification requirements under such Act, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–945). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 4431. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for interest payments by agencies in the case of administrative error in processing certain annuity deposits for prior military service (Rept. 115–946, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 4887. A bill to modernize Federal grant reporting, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–947). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. YODER: Committee on Appropriations. H.R. 6776. A bill making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–948). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 1059. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3798) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the 30hour threshold for classification as a fulltime employee for purposes of the employer mandate in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and replace it with 40 hours; providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings during the period from September 17, 2018, through September 24, 2018 (Rept. 115–949). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on House Administration discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4431 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 6770. A bill to amend the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act to provide parity for outlying areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for himself, Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. BYRNE , and Mr. BABIN): H.R. 6771. A bill to amend the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi (for himself, Ms. NORTON , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Ms. FUDGE , Ms. B ASS, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. PAYNE , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. JEFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. E VANS , Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Mr. CLYBURN , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. L EE, and Mr. MCEACHIN ): H.R. 6772. A bill to strengthen partnerships between historically Black colleges and universities and minorityserving institutions and the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Small Business, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 6773. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to issue rules requiring the inclusion of new safety equipment in school buses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for himself and Mr. CONAWAY ): H.R. 6774. A bill to require the Director of National Intelligence to seek to determine if the Government of Iran has used certain funds received by reason of sanctions relief pursuant to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action or cash payments conveyed by the United States in early 2016 to sponsor foreign terrorist organizations, facilitate illicit narcotics activities, or conduct military operations in Syria, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 6775. A bill to effectively staff the public elementary schools and secondary schools of the United States with school based mental health services providers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. PALMER: H.R. 6777. A bill to amend chapter 3 of title 5, United States Code, to require the publication of settlement agreements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico: H.R. 6778. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide guidance to States regarding Federal reimbursement for furnishing services and treatment for substance use disorders under Medicaid using telehealth services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BUCK: H.R. 6779. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to require the Drug Enforcement Administration to report certain information on distribution of opioids, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. CASTOR of Florida (for herself, Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. RUTHERFORD , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. DUNN, Mr. C RIST, Mr. R OSS, Mr. D IAZ BALART , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. Y OHO, Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. L AWSON  of Florida, Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. SOTO, Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. T HOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida, Mr. M AST, Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. WILSON of Florida, and Mr. D EUTCH ): H.R. 6780. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7521 Paula Drive in Tampa, Florida, as the ‘‘Major Andreas O’Keeffe Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. DELBENE (for herself and Mr. REED): H.R. 6781. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program of certain mental health telehealth services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DESAULNIER (for himself and Mr. MCNERNEY ): H.R. 6782. A bill to determine the feasibility of additional agreements for longterm use of existing or expanded nonFederal storage and conveyance facilities to augment Federal water supply, ecosystem, and operational flexibility benefits in certain areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. DONOVAN (for himself, Mr. BUDD, and Mr. M CCAUL): H.R. 6783. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to confiscate interest paid on certain frozen bank accounts, to require the Secretary to confiscate certain frozen assets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DUFFY (for himself, Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. PETERSON ): H.R. 6784. A bill to provide for removal of the gray wolf in the contiguous 48 States from the List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife published under the Endangered Species Act of 1973; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico (for herself and Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi): H.R. 6785. A bill to provide tax incentives to promote economic development in Economically Distressed Zones; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 6786. A bill to protect the interests of each resident of intermediate care facilities for individuals with intellectual disabilities in class action lawsuits by federally funded entities involving such residents and in Department of Justice actions that could result in an agreement to move such a resident from that resident’s facility; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia (for himself, Mr. MEADOWS , and Mr. MITCHELL ): H.R. 6787. A bill to provide for reforming agencies of the Federal Government to improve efficiency and effectiveness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 6788. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a criminal penalty for certain Federal officers and employees using their public office for private gain, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 6789. A bill to require certain Federal financial regulators to carry out an independent study of their regulated entities’ processes for allowing third parties to access consumerauthorized financial data; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia (for himself and Mr. LABRADOR ): H.R. 6790. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify that gain or loss on the sale or exchange of certain coins or bullion is exempt from recognition; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. ROSEN (for herself, Mr. DONOVAN, Ms. S TEFANIK , and Mr. MOULTON ): H.R. 6791. A bill to establish a grant program within the Department of Labor to support the creation, implementation, and expansion of registered apprenticeship programs in cybersecurity; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself and Mr. MCKINLEY ): H.R. 6792. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to make grants to States for use to eliminate blight and assist in neighborhood revitalization, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Mr. HARRIS, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. L EVIN): H.J. Res. 139. A joint resolution providing for the designation of a ‘‘Freedom to Choose their Destiny for the Nations of Eastern Europe and Eurasia Week’’; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana: H. Con. Res. 135. Concurrent resolution requiring Members of the House of Representatives and the Senate to participate in random drug testing; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. MOORE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. BASS, Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. PALLONE , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. MOULTON , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. N ADLER, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. B ENRAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. SERRANO , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. R USH, Ms. BONAMICI , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. M CEACHIN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. S HEAPORTER , Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. S IRES, Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. MEEKS , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. COHEN , Mr. S OTO, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. KHANNA , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. J ACKSONLEE, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. E VANS , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. VELA, Mr. C RIST, Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. DELBENE, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York, Mr. NOLAN , Ms. B LUNT  ROCHESTER , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. DELAURO , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. LEE, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. K ILMER , Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. G OMEZ , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. ADAMS , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. T ED LIEUof California, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. FUDGE , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Ms. DEGETTE ): H. Res. 1058. A resolution expressing support for designation of the month of September as ‘‘National Voting Rights Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. CLARKE of New York (for herself, Ms. BASS, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. L EE, Mr. C ARSONof Indiana, and Mrs. D EMINGS ): H. Res. 1060. A resolution commending Alice Allison Dunnigan for her barrier breaking career in journalism; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H. Res. 1061. A resolution expressing support for designation of the week of September 16, 2018, through September 22, 2018, as ‘‘Balance Awareness Week’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. PANETTA (for himself and Mr. MAST): H. Res. 1062. A resolution supporting the goals to protect United States military personnel from malaria; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 6770. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: H.R. 6771. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes;’’ By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: H.R. 6772. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 6773. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan: H.R. 6774. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 6775. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, U.S. Constitution By Mr. YODER: H.R. 6776. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the 
Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. By Mr. PALMER: H.R. 6777. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico: H.R. 6778. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. BUCK: H.R. 6779. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII of the United States Constitution. By Ms. CASTOR of Florida: H.R. 6780. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to . . . establish Post Offices and Post Roads . . . In the Constitution, the power possessed by Congress embraces the regulation of the Postal System in the country. Therefore, the proposed legislation in naming a post office would fall under the powers granted to Congress in the Constitution. By Ms. DELBENE: H.R. 6781. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 6782. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. DONOVAN: H.R. 6783. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 6784. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 6785. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the U.S. Constitution, which provide as follows: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; [. . .] To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; [. . .]—And To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 6786. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 Article III, Section 1 Article III, Section 2, Clause 2 By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: H.R. 6787. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 6788. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 6789. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Commerce Clause By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 6790. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority for the Monetary Metals Tax Neutrality Act of 2018 is found in Article I, Section 8, which gives Congress the power to lay and collect taxes. By Ms. ROSEN: H.R. 6791. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clauses 1 and 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 6792. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Aritcle 1, Section 8: to Make Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. KAPTUR: H.J. Res. 139. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Section 8: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 93: Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 303: Mr. MARINO . H.R. 354: Mr. CLOUD . H.R. 502: Mr. BERGMAN . H.R. 544: Mr. GOHMERT . H.R. 564: Mrs. LESKO . H.R. 592: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ and Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD . H.R. 762: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, and Mr. COOK. H.R. 1102: Mr. CRIST. H.R. 1121: Mr. CHABOT . H.R. 1300: Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 1318: Mr. BOST and Mr. F RELING HUYSEN . H.R. 1363: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 1447: Mrs. DEMINGS , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. SPEIER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. H IMES, Mr. C OOPER, Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, and Mr. DEUTCH . H.R. 1515: Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. KIHUEN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. DEMINGS , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , and Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 1683: Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. HANABUSA , and Mr. C RIST. H.R. 1884: Mrs. COMSTOCK and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 1902: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 1911: Ms. SINEMA , Mr. R UTHERFORD , and Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 1957: Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. KAPTUR , Ms. L EE, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. K ILMER, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. H ECK, Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. WALZ, and Mr. H IMES. H.R. 2069: Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 2092: Mr. HULTGREN and Mr. J OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 2119: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. RYANof Ohio, Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. KAPTUR , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, and Mr. C ONNOLLY . H.R. 2150: Ms. FUDGE . H.R. 2267: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut and Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H.R. 2315: Mr. LOUDERMILK , Ms. H ERRERA  BEUTLER , and Mr. R EICHERT . H.R. 2358: Mr. COOPER , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. LUCAS , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. SUOZZI , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. BACON , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. W OODALL . H.R. 2594: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 2620: Mr. CLOUD . H.R. 2640: Mr. WELCH and Ms. P ELOSI . H.R. 2902: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 2953: Mr. STIVERS , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. KATKO , Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. C OLE. H.R. 3145: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 3222: Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. PANETTA , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. K APTUR , Mrs. LOWEY , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. COOPER , and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 3325: Mr. MARSHALL and Mr. D ENHAM . H.R. 3398: Ms. BORDALLO and Mrs. RADEWAGEN . H.R. 3473: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 3513: Mr. LAWSON of Florida. H.R. 3520: Mr. ENGEL , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali fornia, Mr. DEUTCH , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. K IHUEN , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. SOTO, Mrs. D EMINGS , and Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 3780: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 3798: Mr. ESTES of Kansas. H.R. 3834: Mr. FASO, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. M ACARTHUR , and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 3976: Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 4107: Mrs. DEMINGS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. C RAWFORD , Ms. K APTUR, Mr. P ANETTA , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. FASO, and Mr. U PTON . H.R. 4143: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 4256: Mr. BUCSHON , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. YOHO, and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 4312: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 4426: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 4454: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 4483: Mr. MEADOWS and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 4588: Mr. MEADOWS and Mr. M ITCHELL . H.R. 4704: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4732: Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. MOOLENAAR , and Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 4765: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 5011: Mr. PETERS , Ms. D ELBENE, and Ms. DEGETTE . H.R. 5034: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 5114: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H.R. 5136: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 5141: Mr. MARINO , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 5153: Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. H ILL, and Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 5161: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 5222: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5244: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 5282: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 5306: Mr. SMUCKER and Mr. G IANFORTE . H.R. 5340: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 5341: Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 5374: Mr. SCHIFF and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 5460: Ms. JAYAPAL and Mr. M ARSHALL . H.R. 5468: Mr. BUCK. H.R. 5476: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 5500: Mr. FERGUSON . H.R. 5561: Ms. ADAMS , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl vania, Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. D UNCANof South Carolina, Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. HUDSON , Mr. H UNTER , Ms. JAYAPAL , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. KINZINGER , Mr. L AMB, Ms. L EE, Mr. LEVIN, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. S MITH of Wash ington, Mr. TAYLOR , Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. YOHO. H.R. 5671: Mr. SIRES and Mr. V ALADAO . H.R. 5701: Mr. MARSHALL and Mr. H ILL. H.R. 5753: Mrs. DEMINGS . H.R. 5760: Mr. HIMES. H.R. 5819: Ms. HANABUSA . H.R. 5879: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. LAMBORN , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. GALLEGO , and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 5899: Mr. BOST. H.R. 5908: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 5948: Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 5949: Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 5988: Mr. WALBERG and Mr. L UETKE MEYER . H.R. 6014: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 6016: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 6018: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 6021: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 6033: Mr. COOPER , Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. THOMPSON of California, Ms. B ASS, Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. KIHUEN , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. CARBAJAL , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. DELANEY , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 6064: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 6079: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 6080: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 6086: Ms. DEGETTE and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 6093: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 6097: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 6104: Ms. JACKSON LEEand Mr. D AVIDSON. H.R. 6125: Mr. KING of New York, Mr. SUOZZI , Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. M ENG, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. TONKO , and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 6143: Ms. ROSEN and Mr. B IGGS. H.R. 6144: Mr. BIGGS and Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 6156: Mrs. COMSTOCK and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H.R. 6197: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 6224: Mr. TURNER , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 6227: Mr. BALDERSON . H.R. 6230: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 6267: Mr. SOTO and Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 6268: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. H.R. 6277: Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 6287: Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Miss G ONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico, and Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 6390: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 6411: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 6417: Mrs. BLACK and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 6421: Ms. GRANGER . H.R. 6437: Ms. DEGETTE . H.R. 6455: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 6505: Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 6510: Mr. GALLAGHER , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. HIMES, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. PALLONE , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Ms. DELBENE, Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. PAYNE , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. COOPER , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. B ARR, Mr. J OHNSON  of Ohio, Ms. GRANGER , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. GIBBS, Mr. E MMER , and Mr. B IGGS. H.R. 6543: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina and Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 6545: Mr. KEATING , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. ESTYof Connecticut, Mr. SCHRADER , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, and Mr. BEYER . H.R. 6580: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 6595: Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 6606: Mr. LAMB, Mr. E VANS , and Mr. PERRY . H.R. 6609: Mr. LARSEN of Washington and Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 6622: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. WEBSTER of Florida, Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY  of Florida, and Mr. DIAZBALART . H.R. 6626: Mr. NORCROSS and Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 6629: Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Mr. SIRES. H.R. 6637: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 6645: Mr. BILIRAKIS and Mr. D IAZ BALART . H.R. 6657: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 6711: Mr. PERLMUTTER and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 6720: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 6728: Mr. GALLEGO and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 6730: Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. P OEof Texas, and Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 6734: Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia, Ms. SINEMA , and Mr. D UNN. H.R. 6737: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 6745: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 6753: Mr. BRADY of Texas and Mr. NEAL. H.R. 6755: Mr. HOLDING . H.R. 6757: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 6758: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 6759: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H. Con. Res. 105: Mr. DELANEY . H. Res. 15: Mr. PETERSON . H. Res. 31: Mr. LAMBand Mr. P ETERSON . H. Res. 69: Mr. COHEN and Mr. L YNCH . H. Res. 199: Mr. MCEACHIN . H. Res. 274: Mr. CORREA . H. Res. 349: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H. Res. 401: Mrs. LOWEY and Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H. Res. 493: Mr. BACON . H. Res. 673: Mr. PERRY and Mrs. L ESKO . H. Res. 776: Ms. SHEAPORTER and Ms. TITUS. H. Res. 864: Mr. DENHAM , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mrs. DAVIS of California. H. Res. 987: Mr. HUFFMAN . H. Res. 993: Mr. SWALWELL of California and Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER . H. Res. 1031: Mr. DELANEY . H. Res. 1055: Mr. FITZPATRICK . f 
DELETION OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6115 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 2018 No. 152 
The Senate met at 3:01 p.m. and was called to order by 