Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, this is National Apprenticeship Week and a good time to celebrate the renewed attention that apprenticeships have received from the Committee on Education and the Workforce and this administration. Apprenticeships are a centuriesold workforce development tool referenced as far back as the Bible. Nothing can prepare a student quite like the onthe job experience, and apprenticeships are a tried and true method of preparing students to enter the workforce with the skills they need to succeed. We have a national skills gap with more than 7 million unfilled jobs in the country, and, for the seventh month running, the number of job openings has exceeded job seekers nationwide. A recent survey of U.S. employers showed that nearly half of all job creators struggle to hire employees with the right skills for the job, and, for the sixth year running, skilled trade jobs continue to be the hardest positions to fill all over the world. Apprenticeships are a wonderful solution to closing the skills gap and strengthening the workforce. We at the Committee on Education and the Workforce recognize this, and we have worked hard this Congress to make skillsbased education a viable and valuable path for American workers. Over the course of the 115th Congress, we have made historic progress strengthening our workforce development efforts. For the first time, the committee reported postsecondary reform legislation that promotes apprenticeships as key postsecondary education opportunities. 
The PROSPER Act would improve student access to and participation in industryled earnandlearn programs and apprenticeships to allow students to hone their skills in a handson environment. This summer, we sent major, bipartisan CTE legislation to the President’s desk. The Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act was the first legislation in more than a decade to modernize our Nation’s CTE programs. The law will create innovative community partnerships while connecting Americans with programs to grow their skills and land indemand industry jobs. We have also continued to see the ongoing implementation of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, WIOA. WIOA gives employers a seat at the table and encourages collaboration between local leaders as they work to create onthejob learning opportunities. In September, the Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce Development heard from witnesses about how the law supports the development of locally based apprenticeship programs. The President has bolstered our efforts by listening to the needs of American workers. Since President Trump’s first month in office, American employers have hired over 400,000 apprentices. In June of last year, the President issued an executive order creating a Task Force on Apprenticeship Expansion, and, earlier this year, the White House developed the Pledge to America’s Workers. This groundbreaking initiative has resulted in over 160 companies and associations pledging jobs, education, and workforce development opportunities for more than 6 million American workers. We made monumental strides over the course of the last 2 years, and we are continuing to look for innovative ways to connect effective education with indemand jobs. Each of us knows a person with considerable gifts and talents who may not be suited for long term postsecondary education. A baccalaureate degree is not the only pathway to a goodpaying job. Apprenticeships are life changing and can provide countless Americans with the knowledge and skills they need to achieve lifelong success. Thanks to the leadership of this body and the administration, Americans have greater access than ever before to the opportunities they need to excel in the millions of goodpaying, indemand jobs available nationwide. 
HONORING HANK SANDERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life and amazing career of Alabama State Senator Hank Sanders, also known as The Rock. For the past 35 years, State Senator Sanders has been a powerful voice in the Alabama Legislature, ably representing the 23rd District since 1983. He was the longest serving chair of the Senate Finance and Taxation Committee from 1996 and served for four consecutive terms until Republicans took over the statehouse in 2010. Senator Sanders is a lawyer; a statesman; a native of my hometown of Selma, Alabama; and a true Renaissance man. Along with his numerous legislative accomplishments, Senator Sanders has also penned more than 1,600 newspaper articles and columns known as Senate Sketches as a way of communicating directly with his constituents. Senator Sanders’ years of service to the State of Alabama and to the Alabama Legislature will be missed. For you see, Mr. Speaker, after 35 years, this lion of the Alabama Senate is retiring. Choosing not to run in 2018, he will be ably replaced by his daughter, who recently won that election. Unlike many who found themselves in positions of power, Senator Sanders did not come from a privileged background. Senator Sanders came from humble beginnings, 1 of 13 children born to Sam and Ola Mae Sanders in Baldwin County, Alabama. Growing up, Senator Sanders said what his family lacked in money, they more than made up for in love and support. The Sanders family provided constant encouragement for their children, pushing each of them to further their dreams through education. At the age of 12, Senator Sanders was inspired to become a lawyer after reading an article about Thurgood Marshall. Following his graduation from Douglasville High School, Senator Sanders began pursuing his legal career, graduating near the top of his class at Talladega College. After earning his bachelor’s degree, Senator Sanders went on to enroll and graduate from Harvard Law School. He attended Harvard Law School in the 1970s on a Felix Frankfurter Scholarship, an award for underprivileged students who showed exceptional promise. During his time at Harvard Law School, he was president of the Harvard Black Law Students Association. It was during law school that he found his life mate, his beloved wife, Faya Ora Rose Toure, formerly known as Rose M. Sanders. After graduating, Senator Sanders and his wife moved back to Selma, Alabama, my hometown. Their decision to go to Selma was one that was made because they knew how important it was to do things in the Black Belt, saying they grew up to love and cherish the city, which provided an opportunity to build both of their careers and raise their family. They started a very productive law firm by the name of Chestnut, Sanders, and Sanders. During their 41 years together, they produced six beautiful children and nine grandchildren. In 1971, Senator Sanders founded the law firm of Chestnut, Sanders, Sanders, and Pettaway, which was one of the top African Americanowned law firms in the State of Alabama, as well as one of the largest in the country. Senator Sanders dedicated his life to making sure he pursued justice on behalf of the underserved. He gave a voice to the voiceless, and he still works tirelessly today. In 1982, Senator Sanders decided to pursue his passion for helping others on a Statewide level, winning a seat in the Alabama State Senate for the 23rd District. During his 35 years representing the largest political region in Alabama, Senator Sanders won seven bids for reelection. Senator Sanders has proudly championed issues such as childhood education and nutrition, healthcare, women’s issues, and removing the sales tax for food. He served as chair of the Finance and Taxation Education Committee, and he was voted Outstanding Legislator by the Alabama Legislative Black Caucus. b1015 Senator Sanders was voted a finalist for the Legislator of the Year Award by his fellow Senators. He has numerous awards to his credit. On a personal note, Senator Sanders was my State senator for those 35 years representing my hometown of Selma. He is a legal and political giant in our community, and I join with our community this weekend in acknowledging his 35 years of service to the State of Alabama and to this Nation. He is truly a renaissance man. He has a brilliant legal mind, and not only is he politically astute, but he is also a family man who begins every day with prayer and meditation. I think it is so important for those young folks who come behind us that we know and respect and honor Senator Sanders. It is with great honor, Mr. Speaker, that I ask my colleagues to join me in acknowledging the lion of the Alabama State Senate, a man who has left an indelible imprint on the lives of so many in the Black Belt of Alabama, a community that he has represented for more than 35 years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in acknowledging the accomplishments of State Senator Hank Sanders. He has served his constituents well, and his contributions to the State of Alabama and to this Nation will shape the political and social landscape of this great Nation for years to come. f 
TECHNICAL SERGEANT VIRGIL POE, ONE OF THE GREATEST GENERATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, born in the 1920s, he grew up in the Depression of the 1930s poor, just like many American children in the rural areas. 
Fresh vegetables were grown in the family garden behind the small frame house, and his mother made sandwiches for school out of homemade bread. Storebought bread was for the rich. He grew up belonging to the Boy Scouts, playing the trumpet in high school band, raising rabbits and bees, and he went to church on most Sundays. In 1944, this 18yearold country boy who had never been more than 50 miles from home finally found himself going through basic training in the United States Army at Camp Wolters, Texas. After that, he rode the train with hundreds of other American GIs—mostly teenagers, really—to New York City for an ocean trip on a cramped Liberty ship to fight in the great World War II. As a soldier in the Seventh Army, he went from France on to survive the Battle of the Bulge and through the cities of Aachen, Stuttgart, Cologne, and Bonn. As a teenager, he saw the concentration camps and the victims of the Nazis. He saw incredible numbers of other teenage Americans buried in graves throughout France, a sobering monument to those soldiers at Normandy. After Germany surrendered, Tech Sergeant Virgil Poe went back to Fort Hood, Texas, to be reequipped for the invasion of Japan. He was put on a train going to Seattle from where he was supposed to be sent to the South Pacific; but he learned when he arrived in Seattle that Japan had surrendered, so he was ordered back to Fort Hood, Texas. It was there that he met Mom at a Wednesday night prayer meeting service at the Church of Christ. It has only been in the last 10 or 15 years that this GI, my father, began to talk about World War II. He still would not say much, except he does say that young Americans are still buried in France and they are the heroes. After the war, he opened a DX service station, where he pumped gas, sold tires, fixed cars, and began a family. Deciding he needed to go to college, he moved to west Texas and enrolled in a small Christian college called Abilene Christian College. He and his wife and two small children lived in an old converted Army barracks with other such families, and he supported us by working nights at KRBC Radio and climbing telephone poles for Ma Bell, later known as Southwestern Bell. He finished college, became an engineer, and worked over 40 years at Southwestern Bell Telephone Company in Houston, Texas. He turned down a promotion to transfer to New York City because it wasn’t Texas, and he said ‘‘it was no place to raise a family.’’ Dad instilled in my sister and me the values of being a neighbor, loving our country, loving our heritage, and trusting in the Good Lord. He still gets mad at the East Coast media. He flies the flag on holidays. He goes to church on Sunday, and he takes Mom out to eat almost every Friday night. He stands in the front yard and talks to his neighbors, and he can still fix anything. He mowed his own grass until he was 90 years of age, and you better believe he has a strong opinion on politics and world events. He gives plenty of advice to all people, including me, usually at 5:30 in the morning. He has two computers in his home office. He sends emails to hundreds of his buddies all over the world. Dad and Mom still live in Houston not far from where I grew up. As we recognize those who served our country this week, we honor not only my dad, but all of those American heroes. Dad is now 93 years of age, and he was one of those individuals. He is the best man I ever met, one of the charter members of the Greatest Generation. I hope I turn out like him, the man I admire the most. Virgil Poe: a good man, good soldier, good father, and that is plenty for one life. And that is just the way it is. 
NATIONAL APPRENTICESHIP WEEK AND WOMEN IN APPRENTICESHIP DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, it is National Apprenticeship Week and Women in Apprenticeship Day, and I want to highlight the potential for apprenticeships to get people into good paying jobs. When I visit communities across northwest Oregon, I hear from many Oregonians who feel left behind and left out of the economic recovery. Far too many families are still struggling to make ends meet. Their wages are stagnant, and they feel overwhelmed by rising rent prices, barriers to transportation, and skyrocketing costs of childcare. They can’t save for retirement or for their kids to go to college. They need access to goodpaying jobs so they can support themselves and their families. Workforce development programs can assist them, particularly assisting those who have barriers to employment. Good workforce policies can help them access the education, training, credentials, and support services they need to secure livingwage jobs. Good workforce policies create opportunities for employers to align training with the skills they need. As we recognize National Apprenticeship Week and Women in Apprenticeship Day, we must commit to strengthening apprenticeships and workbased learning programs. Investing in these programs will help more people access betterpaying, stable careers and provide our businesses with a workforce that will improve productivity and efficiency. In the district I represent, the Oregon Manufacturing Innovation Center, or OMIC, is bringing together industry leaders like Boeing with local colleges, including Portland Community College, Oregon Institute of Technology, Oregon State University, and Portland State University, to develop a registered apprenticeship program. This collaboration will result in growth, innovation, and efficiency in advanced manufacturing and a more skilled workforce. OMIC is a tremendous opportunity for Oregonians and exactly the kind of partnership that brings value to our communities and to our economy. I was proud to help secure funding for OMIC through the Economic Development Administration, and I look forward to seeing its continued growth and the opportunities it will bring to northwest Oregon and our region and our future manufacturing workforce. Although some employers recognize the importance of recruiting and training all working people, across the country, the representation of women in the trades remains quite low. In Oregon, we are leading the way. Women’s participation in registered apprenticeship programs is more than double the national average, demonstrating the value of organizations like Oregon Tradeswomen, with the mission dedicated to promoting success for women in the trades through education, leadership, and mentorship. We can help increase the presence of programs like Oregon Tradeswomen across the country by increasing funding for the Women in Apprenticeship and Nontraditional Occupations grants, and, of course, by supporting the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. To help Oregonians and many other Americans who still face job insecurity, we must expand workbased learning to industries that lack established apprenticeship programs, like healthcare and technology, especially in startups. Unfortunately, small and medium sized businesses often do not have the resources to establish workbased learning programs on their own. Industry partnerships like those at OMIC solve this challenge by bringing together employers, educational institutions, training providers, and local organizations to support the creation and expansion of workbased learning programs that benefit workers and the economy as a whole. I have worked with my colleague from Georgia, Congressman DREW FERGUSON , to introduce the Promoting Apprenticeships through Regional Training Networks for Employers’ Required Skills, or PARTNERS, Act. This bipartisan bill would use existing dollars to invest in industry partnerships to help businesses recruit workers, develop training curriculums, and provide workers with access to tools, work attire, transportation, childcare services, and mentorship support. These support services help businesses retain employees and help workers balance caring for and providing for 
their families while they are learning new skills. The PARTNERS Act and funding for the Workforce Innovation Opportunity Act are two pieces of the greater need to invest in apprenticeships and other paid onthejob training programs. During National Apprenticeship Week, I stand ready to continue the fight for policies that can help more people access betterpaying jobs and meet the demands of our local employers. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DAMON P. NELSON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. NUNES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank my colleagues who are here to pay tribute to the staff director of the House Intelligence Committee, Damon Nelson, who passed away on Saturday. As you see from the tributes that have already poured in and those to come today, Damon worked closely with many Members of Congress for a long time. He served 12 years in my personal office as my legislative director, later as deputy chief of staff, and then almost 4 years on the House Intelligence Committee as senior adviser, deputy staff director, and, finally, staff director. These testimonies reflect Damon’s hard work and his enthusiasm for helping others. He showed immense respect for the institution of Congress and felt deeply honored to assist the people’s Representatives and to participate in the legislative process. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues for coming today to speak on the House floor about Damon. He will be deeply missed both inside and outside these halls, and especially by his wife, Dana. At this time, I am honored to yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), my great friend and chairman of the Republican delegation from California. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor my friend Damon Nelson, who led the House Intelligence Committee staff on the committee very well. He passed away unexpectedly, as mentioned by Congressman NUNES , this past Saturday at the age of 46. As many have known, Damon was a longtime friend and staff member of Congressman DEVIN NUNES . Over time, Damon became close with many us here. I got to know Damon through my work on California water policy. There is a saying, ‘‘Whiskey is for drinking; water is for fighting,’’ and that certainly was true when it comes to water in the West, and it continues to be. However, Damon showed a unique talent for mediating complex water issues, keeping the confidence of the stakeholders involved. He became an expert on California water, mentoring staff and Members on the issue. Without a doubt, he was one of the most gifted, intelligent, articulate negotiators on a very complex issue that transcended political parties, regions, and, oftentimes, common sense. He took this rare set of skills to his next role as staff director for the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. As one of the appropriators assigned to HPSCI, I was fortunate to be able to continue to work with Damon. Just as he demonstrated on California water, Damon took the helm of the committee with ease and guided it through some of the most challenging times the committee has faced. He did all of this with a smile and the confidence that he was working toward something greater than himself. His presence will be deeply missed on the committee and in Congress. I extend my deepest condolences to his wife, Dana, and to his entire family, including my good friend, DEVIN. Damon served his country honorably in the United States Air Force, was a veteran of the Gulf War, and was an American patriot. He came to D.C. to make a difference, and he did. Godspeed, Damon. We are grateful for your service, and we will honor your memory. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. VALADAO ). Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to someone I have gotten to know over the last few years pretty well. Damon Nelson became an immediate friend, an ally, and a mentor. There are so many different words to describe what Damon was to a lot of us. When I came in as a freshman, I still remember his help setting up offices, helping me interview potential staff, and giving me direction on every decision that we had to make. It was amazing to watch, as an incoming Member with brandnew staff, the way that he would take his time to mentor every single one of them from top to bottom. b1030 Damon treated everyone as an equal. He treated people with respect and dignity. He truly loved this country, loved this institution, and loved the process of helping others be successful here. He never, ever looked down on another person. He had a sense of humor even until the very end. Every chance I could, I would get down into the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and just spend some time with him in the office talking and laughing about whatever topic was going on that day. He is going to be truly missed by a lot of us. He was truly a great guy who really added a lot to this institution. He made my time here in Congress much, much better, and even helped set us up for as much success as we have had over the last 6 years, and it is all because of guys like Damon. I am grateful to have known him and grateful to have served with him. I really do wish his family the best. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DAMON P. NELSON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute and honor to an individual who made a difference, Damon Nelson. When I think of Damon I think of the quintessential staff person, and I think of three words: duty, honor, and country. Like a lot of us who grew up in the San Joaquin Valley, he was always in touch with his roots. Damon was a person who obviously loved our country and dedicated his entire career to serving, first in the American military in the Air Force, and then later coming to our Nation’s Capitol to try to make a difference. He was a problem solver. He understood that oftentimes cooler heads prevail in bringing people together and that the efforts to bring the art of the political compromise ultimately served the people not only of our valley, but the people of our Nation. He will sorely be missed in terms of his contributions, and we wish him and his family Godspeed during this time of mourning. We thank him for his service to our country. 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because this month marks the 40th anniversary of the tragic death of Marjaree Mason, a woman whose life was filled with so much promise and purpose. In 1978, Marjaree was soon approaching graduation from Fresno State. She had a job she enjoyed, working for the National Economic Development Association. She was committed to serving others and surrounded herself with the support of family and friends. That was until her life was cut short by a brutal death. At the age of 36, Marjaree was heinously kidnapped, abused, and murdered by her exboyfriend at his Fresno home. To celebrate her life and continued legacy, the folks in Fresno dedicated the Marjaree Mason Center, which was founded in 1979, to provide victims and survivors of domestic violence a safe and supportive environment. The center offers longterm safe housing, legal assistance, educational opportunities, crisis support, and counseling to victims and their families. It is in constant need. The center offers longterm safe housing. For decades, I have been working hard to end these horrific crimes plaguing our community and the Nation. Over 10 years ago, Congressman TED POEand I founded the bipartisan Congressional Victims’ Rights Caucus in the House of Representatives to give a 
voice to victims of domestic abuse and other crimes that sadly occur on a national scale. The Violence Against Women Act, VAWA, a piece of legislation working to improve responses to domestic violence, is one of the major initiatives the caucus works on to protect, reauthorize, and expand the needs for this sad occurrence around our country. In my district, we have several organizations, including the Central California Legal Services, Choice Women Empowerment, Centro La Familia, and Valley Crisis Center, in addition to the Marjaree Mason Center working nonstop to provide safety and support of domestic violence survivors. I would like to thank Marjaree Mason’s family for the continuous support and commitment to expanding the mission of its center over the past 40 years. Former Sheriff Steve Magarian and so many others continue to contribute to this important work that this center does, for domestic violence is still sadly prevalent in every community, affecting more than 10 million people each year in the United States. We must continue to fight to ensure that no one in our valley and in our Nation suffers the same fate that Marjaree Mason faced. We must continue to work together to end domestic violence once and for all. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DAMON P. NELSON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and legacy of my friend, Damon Nelson, who passed away only a few days ago. Damon was a gifted individual who dedicated his life to serving his country. A short time after graduating from college, Damon enlisted into the United States Air Force as an inflight refueling specialist. Damon distinguished himself in the Persian Gulf War for which he was awarded an Air Medal and three Air Achievement Medals. Yet Damon’s service to his country did not end when he left the Air Force. For the past 15 years, Damon has worked as a senior level congressional aide here in Congress, first in Congressman NUNES ’ office and most recently as staff director of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. Mr. Speaker, we are all shaken and heartbroken by the news of Damon’s untimely passing. He was loved by all who knew him for his good humor, his cheerful optimism, and his friendly personality. You could always count on Damon to lend a hand or provide some muchneeded guidance. At work he earned a reputation as a highly intelligent and enthusiastic doer capable of attacking any challenge that came through the door. Damon Nelson will be remembered as a loving husband and a gifted individual who dedicated his life to public service and as a good friend. My prayers are with his wife, Dana; his family; his colleagues; and his many, many friends. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ). Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, it is with both sadness and pride that I rise to honor Damon Nelson. America lost a great patriot at too young of an age. Damon dedicated nearly his entire life to public service and always put service above self. He understood that freedom comes at a high price, and he dedicated his life to defending freedom for the next generation. He believed that our country is worth sacrificing for and that freedom is worth fighting for. As Mr. HOLDING  said, he served in the U.S. Air Force as an inflight refueling specialist and was a veteran of the Persian Gulf War where he earned the Air Medal and three Air Achievement Medals. Damon began his service on Capitol Hill working for his home district, the 22nd District of California. I know Damon for his exemplary service as the staff director for the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. Damon helped guide our committee and indeed our country through a tumultuous time with an unfailing commitment to seeking the truth and doing the right thing. His calm leadership approach is an example to all of us. At moments where it seems like things may be falling apart, Damon was there with a joke and a laugh to hold the group together. He often used sarcasm with us when we needed it most, and he was a statesman when we needed it most. His kind and patient demeanor earned Damon the respect of everyone he knew. In a political climate that is often difficult, he kept sight on the fact that we are all Americans. Indeed, all of us who knew Damon will sorely miss his strategic mind, warm personality, and genuine concern for others. My heart is with Damon’s wife, Dana, and his family. I pray God’s healing grace will be with them during this difficult time. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD). Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, it is with great sadness that we say goodbye to Damon Nelson, an Air Force veteran, a tireless public servant, and a friend to so many. I was fortunate enough to know Damon through my role on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence where he protected some of the Nation’s most classified information and navigated complicated national security issues with absolute confidentiality and professionalism during a highly polarizing and rocky time. Damon provided a steady hand when our country needed it most. I want his wife, Dana, to know that her family is bigger than she may realize, and we all love her so very much. Ernest Hemingway said: ‘‘Every man’s life ends the same way. It is only the details of how he lived and how he died that distinguish one man from another.’’ Damon did much to distinguish himself in this life, and he is finally home. We will miss him. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the great State of Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ), who is my colleague and friend. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to join my colleagues in celebrating the life of Damon Nelson. While I have only served on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence for a short time, I grew to know, respect, and cherish Damon as a professional and as a friend. Our work on the committee is some of the most challenging and rewarding I have done since being elected to this body and is supported almost entirely by a loyal staff whose dedication to the American people is second to none. As staff director, Damon set the tone and direction of committee staff who work closely with us as members and others in the House. He always greeted us with a smile and positive attitude. His leadership ensured we were fully equipped and prepared for every caucus meeting, hearing, or legislative issue. His staff saw him as a leader who wanted us to have the best, most accurate information and preparation for our work. They followed him with trust and appreciation for his approach to his work. As you have heard, he served in the Air Force and deployed to the Persian Gulf War where he earned numerous medals. Over the following years, he moved on to serve in the Capitol here. Over the next many years, Damon moved up and eventually took the helm of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence at a tumultuous time for this Chamber and for our country. His poise, his character, his attitude, and his care for our country shined through in recent years as this committee worked on some extremely sensitive and public matters. Not once did Damon put his own interests above anyone else’s. He simply sought to serve his country through his role on this committee and in this body. Mr. Speaker, I wish him and his family the best. 
NAFTA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, Ohio’s jobs and trade message to our Nation is as loud and clear as it always has been: trade must be about people, not just goods. The job and wage destruction due to the original NAFTA continues to reverberate across our State and the 
heartland. It undermines the economic security of hundreds of thousands of workers within our State and millions more across our Nation. Following the original NAFTA’s implementation, town after town was emptied out of good jobs with good wages and benefits as jobs were outsourced south of our border. America has borne witness to NAFTA’s vast job outsourcing and wage drag. Millions have suffered firsthand as dire predictions actualized and the grandiose promises of job creation failed to materialize. Our Nation has lost thousands of jobs to pennywage environments where workers cannot even afford to buy the goods they make. They toil in sweatshops and maquiladoras, exposed to unimaginable toxins and unsafe working conditions. The original NAFTA fueled massive peasant migration from Mexico’s countryside to our Nation as thousands of subsidized farmers in Mexico had livelihoods extinguished. Mexico’s white corn industry disappeared. It was decimated. What a humanitarian tragedy is NAFTA. If anyone cares about people, not just goods, listen to my words: America must wake up to the impact our trade deals impose on people when negotiating with unequal economies. Just look to the devastation levied when multinational corporate interests dominate negotiations. Transnational banks and multinational corporations put a heavy thumb on the scales of economic justice for the poorest and for workers in our country as well as Third World economies. They exploit powerless people. Trade with our closest neighbors is never simply a zerosum game. In the nearly three decades since NAFTA’s original passage, our Nation has not even had 1 year of balanced trade accounts with Mexico and Canada. It has always been in the red. b1045 Indeed, the NAFTA deal has managed to add over $1 trillion to America’s trade deficits—red ink—and millions and millions of outsourced U.S. jobs. Mr. Speaker, NAFTA renegotiation is too important an opportunity to hang on faulty assumptions. America fell for that back in 1993. We cannot let it happen again. The devil is in the details. Incremental progress to uplift North American workers devastated by the original agreement will not be enough. With the release of text, which remains unfinished and unresolved, comes the task to determine whether the job outsourcing bonanza that has taken hold since NAFTA’s passage in 1994 has truly been addressed. Let me ask: Have strong, enforceable labor standards been included, subject to swift and certain enforcement? Will transnational corporate interests retain the means to outsource American jobs to take advantage of rockbottom wages in Mexico? Will we protect the rights of Americans to know what is in the imported food they are feeding their families, or will trade facilitation hold priority over food safety for people? Will Americans have access to affordable prescription drugs, or will the new NAFTA further rig the system to delay access to more affordable, safe generic drugs and biosimilars? Let me ask people who visit Ohio to witness vivid evidence of a trade agreement that failed America’s workers and communities as plant after plant shuts down. Beyond just the NAFTA trade deficit, all our global trade deficits have ballooned under this administration’s erratic trade agenda. In this wake, a modern NAFTA agreement to correct these injustices is long overdue. I have eagerly anticipated the release of specific text and a strategic agenda from this administration on how President Trump plans to bring living wage jobs back to America. Anything short of specifics that will clearly improve job prospects for Americans will fall short of the President’s promises. Congress must not rush any deal of such magnitude by only letting the executive branch negotiate. Democrats have called on this administration to work with Congress to reach necessary and substantive achievements beneficial for all Americans. No more fast track. No more. Any new North American trade agreement must raise wages. It must create jobs in America and create a level playing field across the board. Mr. Speaker, after a quarter century of job hemorrhaging and the upending of American workers and livelihoods, NAFTA must result in rising standards of living and new jobs that create real wages and benefits here in our country. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DAMON P. NELSON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise also this morning to honor the life and legacy of my friend, Damon Nelson. A lot of wonderful, lofty things have been said about him this morning in this Chamber. Every single one of those was true. I certainly identify with each and every one of those remarks. I will not repeat those but will walk a different path. I did not realize the extent to which Damon impacted staffing across the Hill. Once he passed, I began to get information about folks whose lives had been touched and whose careers here in Washington had been started as a result of being hired and mentored by Damon over the years. There are people on my personal staff whom I did not realize had a direct connection to Damon because he had started their careers here in Congress and on the Hill through his mentorship and help. I got to know Damon extremely well as a result of working on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and his role as staff director, particularly when I took over running the Russia investigation. Damon was my direct contact with the staff. He did a masterful job at trying to expeditiously conduct that investigation, making sure that we dotted the i’s and crossed the t’s, making some really difficult decisions as we walked that path. In addition to that, Damon handled the rest of the business of the Intelligence Committee, that important business that continues to go on in addition to the Russian investigation, doing a masterful job of shepherding all of that responsibility. He did it with class. He did it with a calmness and a selfassuredness that made it work. Damon’s humor and, yes, sarcasm, which has been mentioned often today, was a signature of his, but he used it well and in an appropriate manner. It was never in a hurtful or harmful manner, but to keep up the atmosphere. Mr. Speaker, Damon’s memory will live on in all our lives. Those of us who knew him will not forget him. He was that kind of an individual. Obviously, my heart and prayers go out to his wife, Dana, and his family. He adored, loved, and worshipped his wife. She is in a hurting place today, as is his family. All of us who knew him as a friend will miss him. Mr. Speaker, I miss my friend. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. STEWART ). Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I also rise to honor my good friend, Damon. He was a dear friend, trusted colleague, loving husband, and a warrior who loved and served his country. We will miss him. Very briefly, I would like to make the observation that the staffs that we work with here on the Hill are some of the finest men and women in the country, and the staff that we work with on the Intelligence Committee is the finest of them all. Damon was their leader. He was looked to for his leadership, for his compassion, for his humanity, and for his example of what it meant to be a warrior. I also have to mention his family, as we honor them as well. Some of you know that I wear my father’s Air Force wings. My brothers have served in the Air Force. I served in the Air Force. So did Damon’s family. Yesterday, I had the honor of meeting his father and mother, both retired Air Force who have served valiantly and served proudly, also his brother. I have to mention his wife, an Air Force colonel, who is a leader, a rock. Having met her, I can tell you that I would follow her into battle. She is a great example of the finest young men and women that our Nation has to offer. This family has proven that they love their country by serving their country. We honor them in this small way today in the words that we say. Damon, God bless you. To Damon’s family, God bless you. Thank you for 
generations of service to your country and for being an example to all of us. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, we had an opportunity yesterday to share with Dana, his wife, his mom and stepdad and hear the staff talk about Damon. It was clear that Damon had created a family, that they loved him, that they respected him as a professional, and that his leadership was evident across this entire exchange. It was heartwarming to hear those stories about Damon and the way he led the staff of the committee. We will miss him. I ask our Nation to continue to pray for his wife and family as they walk this dark path, knowing that he made this world a better place to live and that he helped mightily across a long period of time to help protect us from some really bad folks. We love you, Damon Nelson, and we will miss you. 
AMERICAN EDUCATION WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUDD) for 5 minutes. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, this is American Education Week, and I rise to honor and thank the teachers and school administrators who have dedicated their lives to ensure our future generations are stronger than ever. There are over 50 million kids in our public schools today. Back in 2015, before the Every Student Succeeds Act was signed into law, the Federal approach to education relied heavily on standardized testing to measure academic achievement. While I understand the importance of testing to measure academic growth from year to year, there should be a number of indicators for evaluating academic success and improvement for both schools and students. After that bill passed in 2015, the goal shifted from teaching children more efficiently to inspiring lifelong learning in students. I applaud educators for embracing this goal, and I am hopeful that this approach will better prepare millions of students for the challenges that await them in life and in the workforce. While on the subject of Federal education, we cannot avoid the debate over the amount of taxpayer money we send to schools throughout the country. There is and always will be bipartisan agreement that we should make sure schools have the resources they need in order to be successful. But in the coming appropriations cycle, and in future ones, we must also remember that additional spending does not necessarily improve student performance. This has been proven time and time again, Mr. Speaker. One data point I would refer folks to is high school graduation rates, which have remained stagnant since the 1970s. What we have seen is very unfortunate: the system continues to grind forward, with costs going up each year and our efficiency going in the opposite direction. I will continue to fight for education reforms aimed at improving resource allocation and boosting student performance. Recognizing the shortfalls within our K–12 education may not be a popular talking point, but I think it is worth emphasizing the need to act responsibly and address the problems students, parents, and educators face. Mr. Speaker, I would like to close by saying two things. The first is a simple thank you to the teachers, including those teachers in my own family, who have dedicated their life to serving students. Your hard work does not go unnoticed. The second thing is that I will work hard to improve our education system for students in my district and around the country. f 
CITY OF DAVID The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, last month, I was privileged to stand in the city of David, the site of ancient Jerusalem. Just a few feet from the Western Wall, the city of David is the place where Jerusalem began. It is a place I have regularly visited over the past few years, joined by my fellow Members of Congress, Republicans and Democrats alike. I can think of no better place than the city of David to express that the United States knows what the Jewish people have known for 3,000 years: Jerusalem is the historic capital of Israel. This reality was reinforced when the United States correctly relocated our Embassy to Jerusalem earlier this year. I call upon more countries to do the same. The historic bond is evidenced by the incredible discoveries that are being unearthed in the archeological excavations throughout the city of David. These excavations affirm the millenniaold connection of the Jewish people to Jerusalem not as a matter of faith, but as a matter of historical fact, despite UNESCO’s ongoing, shameful efforts to declare otherwise. Among the most significant discoveries presently being unearthed in the city of David is the ancient pilgrimage road. Built over 2,000 years ago, the pilgrimage road, running from the Pool of Siloam at the southern tip of the city of David to the footsteps of the Western Wall and Temple Mount, served as the main thoroughfare of the Second Temple Jerusalem. Millions of people joined together to ascend to the temple during the festivals of Passover, Pentecost, and Tabernacles. Both the pilgrimage road and the Pool of Siloam have deep significance to Jews and Christians alike. It holds profound meaning to countless millions of Americans. Antiquities discovered along the pilgrimage road tell the story of both the vibrant culture of the Second Temple period Jerusalem and the devastating destruction of Jerusalem at the hands of the Romans, which ended tragically in the year 70 C.E. In the future, visitors of all faiths and backgrounds will be able to walk this route of their ancestors, upon the very flagstones as their ancestors 2,000 years ago. In the Givati parking lot excavation, another excavation in the city of David, 10 layers of ancient Jerusalem civilization dating back some 2,700 years have been uncovered. The layers include Jewish, Greek, Roman, Byzantine, Persian, Muslim, Crusader, and Ottoman. So each visitor to the city of David can truly say: ‘‘I also have a connection to Jerusalem.’’ In this very excavation, as you can see in this poster, in a structure dating back 2,500 years to the Biblical First Temple period in Jerusalem, a seal with ancient Hebrew writing was found. I have a replica of that seal in my office, which was presented to me in a meeting I had with Ze’ev Orenstein, a representative from the city of David, together with my colleague, Congressman ELIOT ENGEL . On the seal was the name Eliana, daughter of Ga’el. I can’t even begin to describe my emotions when I learned that a seal with almost my very own name was found in the city of David. I, like countless Americans, feel a deep, personal connection to Jerusalem, her history, her heritage, and her holiness. b1100 In fact, it is only over the last 51 years of Israel’s sovereignty in Jerusalem that people of all faiths and all backgrounds have enjoyed freedom of access and worship at their holy sites, whether they are Christians, whether they are Jewish, whether they are Muslims. Such freedoms cannot be taken for granted in the Middle East where, with the very exception of Israel, the only democracy in the region, they are not easy to find. During the nearly 3 decades that I have had the honor of serving this wonderful institution, support for Jerusalem as the capital of the Jewish State of Israel has been bipartisan, and I call on my colleagues from both sides of the aisle in the coming Congress to ensure that that never changes, to ensure that the historic bond between the Jewish people and Jerusalem remains undeniable. Together with millions of Americans, I salute the work of the City of David Foundation and especially my friend Ze’ev, who did not even want me to mention him—tough—in uncovering our shared history in Jerusalem, making it accessible to all of us who want to experience these discoveries for themselves. So congratulations to Ze’ev—I have said it again—for the discoveries at the City of David. Many more to come. 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF PETTY OFFICER JAMES ELLIOTT WILLIAMS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. NORMAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today and it is such an honor to recognize the official renaming of the United States Post Office located at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Carolina, as the J. Elliott Williams Post Office Building. James Elliott Williams was born in Fort Mill, South Carolina, and lived an extraordinary life. Mr. WILLIAMS was in the United States Navy for 20 years and served in and during the Cold War, the Korean war, the Cuban Missile Crisis, and the Vietnam war. One example of his heroic actions occurred during the Vietnam war where he and his men fought off enemy combatants behind enemy lines for 3 hours in south Vietnam. Under Petty Officer Williams’ leadership, the American Naval force killed roughly 1,000 Vietcong guerillas, destroyed over 60 vessels, and disrupted a major enemy logistics operation. James E. Williams retired on April 26, 1967, as the most highly decorated enlisted sailor in the history of the United States Navy. He was the recipient of multiple awards during his service in the Navy; including, the Navy Cross, the Silver Star, the Bronze Star Medal, the Purple Heart, the Korean Service Medal, and the United Nations Service Medal. Additionally, during his last 7 months in the Navy, he received every sea service award for heroism. On May 14, 1968, President Lyndon B. Johnson, in the name of Congress, presented James Elliott Williams the Medal of Honor. In the 20th century, three sailors of American Indian heritage received the medal. Petty Officer Williams was one of the three. Mr. Speaker, it was my great privilege to put forward this legislation with the entire South Carolina delegation and have it signed into law to honor the life, service, and sacrifice of James Elliott Williams. 
HURRICANE MICHAEL AFTERMATH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. ROBY) for 5 minutes. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, just over a month ago, Hurricane Michael, the third most powerful hurricane to ever make landfall on the United States mainland, ravaged areas of Alabama, Florida, and Georgia. Hundreds of Americans lost everything, and more than 30 people were killed. Hurricane Michael appears to have done its worst in Panama City, Florida, and nearby areas, but Alabama’s Second District was also badly impacted in several counties in the Wiregrass Region. In fact, Hurricane Michael is the most powerful storm to ever hit Houston County, according to recorded history. In my district, the agricultural community faces the most significant devastation. While the full scale of the damage to local agriculture is still being assessed, Hurricane Michael dealt a terrible blow to our cotton, timber, and peanut farmers. In the aftermath of the storm, I traveled to the Wiregrass several times to be with our farmers and to see firsthand what they were experiencing. The devastation is heartbreaking, to say the least. The farmers in southeast Alabama are in the midst of a very real crisis. In Alabama’s Second District, agriculture is the backbone of our economy. Throughout my time in Congress, I have made it a priority to fight for our farmers of all commodities. Their work to provide the food and fiber we depend on is vitally important. I will continue to advocate for them, especially during this time of uncertainty, as we work to put the pieces back together for these hardworking men and women who have suffered tremendous loss to their livelihoods. Mr. Speaker, I want the people I represent to know that my office stands ready to help during this challenging time. I will work with my colleagues here in Congress to provide the proper resources and assistance to our farmers. We must get this right, and we must ensure Alabama’s farmers are included in all recovery efforts. I encourage anyone in Alabama’s Second District who needs assistance in the aftermath of Hurricane Michael to contact one of my offices today. My staff and I work for you, and we are committed to ensuring that the folks impacted know the options available to them. As we work through this season of rebuilding, I have been encouraged to see and hear about so many acts of kindness and charity in our district and throughout the Southeast. This time of recovery will not be easy, but if we continue to help each other in whatever ways we are able, we will get through this together. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, as I near the end of my 30 years in the Congress, it is only natural to reminisce just a bit. During my first term in the House, a roving photographer for Roll Call stopped me to ask a sort of humorous question. He asked: If there was a statue of you in the Capitol, where would it be and what would it say? I said: It would probably be in the basement, and it would say: Lucky to be here. I have always felt very lucky to have this job, and everyone on both sides of the aisle have been very kind to me. But I want to pay tribute this morning to the three people most responsible for me being here. A friend of mine in Knoxville told me a few years ago that I won the lottery with parents. I had never thought of it in that way, but it is true. My grandparents in Scott County, Tennessee, were wonderful people, but they had no money, 10 kids, an outhouse, subsistence farm—pure Appalachia. My dad hitchhiked into Knoxville with $5 in his pocket to go to the University of Tennessee and worked his way through. Twenty years after coming to Knoxville, he was elected mayor and led the peaceful integration of our city. He got about 95 percent of the African American vote in three nonpartisan races for mayor. He then preceded me in Congress, serving 231⁄2years and becoming the ranking Republican on the Ways and Means Committee. A former Democratic congressman from Pennsylvania told me one time: Your dad was the only man I knew who never had an enemy in this town. I once described my father as the kindest, sweetest, toughest, hardest working man I ever knew, and I meant tough in a good way. I got a really nice handwritten letter from Peyton Manning about that article. He said he had flown out of Knoxville the day it was in the paper and that he could tell from that article that I had the same kind of relationship with my dad that he has with his. My mother was 2 years older than my father and, after college in Iowa, came to Knoxville to visit an older sister who had married an engineering graduate from the University of Iowa and who had gotten a job at TVA. Her sister talked her into staying, and she met my dad at a YWCA dance. Dad told one of his brothers that night that he had met the woman he was going to marry, and 3 months later, in Iowa City, Iowa, they were married, in May of 1942. The odds against a farm boy from Tennessee meeting and marrying a girl from Iowa City must have been billions to one, but theirs was truly a marriage made in heaven. No one ever loved me as much as my mother did, and several times I have told women from the Midwest that I have a very high opinion of women from that part of the country because I thought my mother was the sweetest woman in the world. My wife, Lynn, was a waitress in Knoxville’s finest restaurant when I met her. She later said she married me even though I gave her the lowest tips of any of her regular customers. Lynn has been my strongest supporter and biggest critic, my number one adviser. I honestly believe, if she had been elected to Congress instead of me, she would have gone much further than I have. She is certainly the speaker of our house and the love of my life for more than 40 years. During my 30 years in Congress, I was in Washington a lot and gone a lot, 
even when I was home. She had to raise four children, and all four have made us both very proud. During much of that time, she worked at fulltime jobs, worked in all of my campaigns, and took care of most things at home. It certainly was not easy. Once President Trump, when he was running, told her: Your husband sounds just like me. Lynn told him: Yes, I know—great for the country but hell to live with. I could not have had a better wife and certainly could not have stayed in Congress for 30 years if she had not done all she has done for me and our children. She gave me four children and nine grandchildren, all now living in Knoxville. What a blessing. Our daughter, Tara, has been for several years the head of the Knox County probation office. She has two children. Whitney has three daughters and is a leader in all the activities of the Christian Academy of Knoxville. Our son, John, was elected as trustee for Knox County, receiving the highest vote total of anyone on the ballot that year, including me. He did a great job, serving 3 years, and then took over running my campaigns in 2014 and 2016 and representing me all over the district. He also is a successful realtor. Our son, Zane, worked for several years as a railroad executive and now serves on the Tennessee Parole Board. The boys both have two children, and the nine grandchildren range in age from 3 to 15. I told my youngest granddaughter, Emma, who is 7 years old, at my younger son’s wedding party: One of the happiest days of my life will be when I get to come to your wedding. She looked at me like I had said something really silly. She said: Oh, Papa, you couldn’t do that. You would be dead. But I am not dead yet, and I am going home mainly to spend more time with those nine grandchildren. Lou Gehrig, the great baseball player, once said he was the luckiest man in the world, even though he knew he was dying with ALS. I am much luckier and very, very thankful. 
HONORING DR. HERB LONDON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, our Nation lost an intellectual giant and visionary leader this past Saturday, November 10, 2018. Dr. Herbert London was a legendary conservative author, scholar, commentator, and defender of freedom. He was a scholar’s scholar and a gentleman’s gentleman. A New Yorker of great stature, Herb grew up playing basketball and led his high school team to a city championship. After completing his studies at Columbia University, Herb’s hoopplaying skills caught the eye of the Syracuse Nationals; however, an injury blocked his athletic career. Herb went on to earn a Ph.D. from New York University and later served as the dean of NYU’s Gallatin division. From running for political office to leading the Hudson Institute to founding the London Center for Policy Research, Dr. London was the definition of a renaissance man and a true patriot, committed to bringing about a stronger, more principled Nation. A 6’5’’ tower of humility, integrity, and vision, Herb will be sorely missed, and his legacy will forever be enshrined in the hearts and minds of many. My prayers are with the London family as they heal from this tremendous loss. May he rest in peace. f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 115TH COMBAT SUPPORT HOSPITAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the 115th Combat Support Hospital headquartered in Fort Polk, Louisiana. The 115th Combat Support Hospital was established in 1918 and is recognized as having the highest combat injury survival rate in the world. The unit has been deployed in World War I, World War II, Desert Storm, and the Iraq war. In World War II, the 115th Combat Support Hospital received the Meritorious Unit Commendation for its work while on the front lines across Europe. The 115th Combat Support Hospital has become the standard for all medical units and a central asset for Fort Polk, the Joint Readiness Training Center, and the United States Army. I had the incredible opportunity to witness the work that the hospital does when the unit set up at Camp Beauregard in Pineville, Louisiana, to celebrate their centennial anniversary. These soldiers enter the field, build a facility, and become a fully functioning hospital in a matter of hours. The unit and its facilities, which include an emergency room, operating room, pharmacy, and lab, are all trained to set up in 12 to 18 hours. The 115th Combat Support Hospital also contains subordinate units that provide optical care, veterinary services, preventive medicine, and a ground ambulance company. b1115 The work they do saves lives and allows troops to return home and back to their families. I am thankful for the honorable men and women that comprise the 115th Combat Support Hospital, as they reflect the absolute best of the United States Army. The 115th Combat Support Hospital is truly a great asset to our military. Today, I join our country and all members, both past and present, of the 115th Combat Support Hospital in celebrating 100 years of lifesaving work. I look forward to continuing to witness their successes and achievements at Fort Polk for many years to come. f 
CELEBRATING NATIONAL RURAL HEALTH DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this week is Rural Health Week in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and today is National Rural Health Day. It is a time to promote awareness of the full range of issues that impact approximately 60 million rural Americans. Pennsylvania ranks as one of the States with the highest number of rural residents, with 23 percent of Pennsylvanians residing in rural areas. Rural communities face unique healthcare concerns, such as a lack of providers; accessibility issues, particularly in terms of transportation and technology; affordability issues as a result of larger percentages of uninsured and underinsured citizens; and greater outofpocket health costs. Mr. Speaker, before I was elected to the House of Representatives, I spent nearly 30 years in the nonprofit healthcare field assisting those facing lifechanging diseases and disabilities. I am acutely aware of the challenges many face when it comes to obtaining reasonably priced healthcare. It is especially critical for rural America, like much of my congressional district. We are facing a healthcare crisis in our Nation’s rural areas. These often disadvantaged populations are still struggling to access affordable quality care. Many remain uninsured; most are underinsured. However, access to quality care remains the largest challenge. Even when people gain access to health insurance, it does not equal access to care. Rural hospitals across the country are closing, leaving patients without access to their emergency rooms and their longterm care facilities. Mr. Speaker, 90 rural hospitals have closed since 2010, and nearly 700 are at risk. One in three rural hospitals is financially vulnerable. At the current closure rate, more than 25 percent of rural hospitals will close in less than a decade. Continued cuts in hospital payments have taken their toll, forcing hospitals to operate in the red until they finally make the painful decision to stop providing care. Between 2017 and 2018, the number of rural hospitals operating at a loss rose from 40 to 44 percent. In addition to hospital closures, a workforce shortage plagues rural America. Mr. Speaker, 77 percent of 
more than 2,000 rural communities in the United States are designated as having a shortage of healthcare professionals. Recruitment and retention of experienced professionals, including primary care physicians, is an ongoing challenge. That is why I am a proud sponsor of H.R. 5641, the State Offices of Rural Health Reauthorization Bill of 2018. This legislation benefits States by increasing annual funding and reauthorizing vital programs for rural Americans for the first time since the 1990s. I urge my colleagues to cosponsor this piece of legislation today. Another issue that has ravaged our rural communities is the opioid epidemic. It continues to leave even more rural Americans in need of crucial health services. Adolescents and young adults living in rural areas are more vulnerable to opioid abuse than their urban counterparts. The prevalence of fatal drug overdoses has skyrocketed in rural areas. High unemployment and a greater rate of the types of injuries that result in prescriptions for opioid medications have contributed to this. There are ways to increase treatment options. As a part of the VA MISSION Act, which was signed into law in June, I included a provision that expands healthcare access for our veterans through telemedicine. We now allow VAcredentialed healthcare providers to practice telemedicine across State lines. Mr. Speaker, our veterans should receive the best care possible no matter where they are located and where they live. With advances in technology, we see new opportunities for veterans to obtain coverage through telemedicine, especially in some of our most rural areas. For those in rural regions, the need is great and services are scarce. Let us all recognize and celebrate the power of our vibrant rural communities in the face of these grave challenges. As we celebrate National Rural Health Day today, it is my hope that we continue to strive for a 21st century healthcare system that works for everyone in America. Thanks to technology, we have the opportunity to expand services, regardless of where one resides, and all Americans deserve no less. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 20 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania) at noon. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of mercy, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Bless the Members of the people’s House with focus and purpose as they gather these few days before Thanksgiving. May their efforts give true cause for Americans to gather to give thanks. In our world, there are many places where peace is lacking and cause for thanksgiving rare. Send Your spirit of peace upon our world. Help us all see in those we view as enemies our brothers and sisters. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY  DAVIS) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 