Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 1063) designating room H–226 of the United States Capitol as the ‘‘Lincoln Room’’. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
H. R ES. 1063 Whereas Abraham Lincoln was elected to the House of Representatives in 1846 to represent the 7th Congressional District of Illinois in the Thirtieth Congress from March 1847 to March 1849; Whereas Abraham Lincoln served the people for 15 years as a State Legislator, Member of Congress, and President of the United States; Whereas Abraham Lincoln was a member of the Illinois General Assembly for four terms and was respected as an effective leader of his party and a popular campaigner; Whereas during Congressman Lincoln’s tenure, the room now designated as room H– 226 of the United States Capitol was used as the post office of the House, where he spent almost every morning exchanging stories near the fireplace; Whereas the old post office space was just steps away from Congressman Lincoln’s desk, where he worked and voted and is now marked by a gold plaque on the floor of Statuary Hall; Whereas Congressman Lincoln was known to be the champion storyteller of the Capitol, having an endless repertoire of tales; Whereas Abraham Lincoln was one of America’s greatest presidents, whose life was a story of adversity, perseverance, and leadership; and Whereas when the United States was at its darkest hour, Abraham Lincoln fought to end slavery and brought the country back together: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That room H–226 of the United States Capitol is designated as the ‘‘Lincoln Room’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST) and the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H. Res. 1063. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 1036 designates the room H–226 of the U.S. Capitol as the Lincoln Room. I appreciate my colleagues’ work on this and find it an appropriate honor for such a distinguished leader of our country. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I also support H. Res. 1063. This bipartisan bill designates room H–226 in the U.S. Capitol as the Lincoln Room. As we all know, President Abraham Lincoln is commonly considered one of the greatest President’s in the history of the United States. But what you might not know is that President Lincoln, at one point in his career, was a Member of the House of Representatives from the Seventh Congressional District of Illinois. President Lincoln served one term in Congress, from 1847 to 1849, and was known for his opposition to the institution of slavery and the MexicanAmerican war. During his short time in Congress, President Lincoln spent a significant amount of his leisure time in the U.S. Capitol room now known as H– 226. This resolution, which names the room for President Lincoln, is an appropriate honor for a former Member of this distinguished body who led our country in one of its darkest hours. So I support the resolution and urge my colleagues to support it as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 1063. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
AMENDING FEDERAL ASSETS SALE AND TRANSFER ACT OF 2016 TO ENSURE ADEQUATE TIME FOR PUBLIC BUILDINGS REFORM BOARD Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7318) to amend the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to ensure that the Public Buildings Reform Board has adequate time to carry out the responsibilities of the Board, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 7318 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4(c)(2) of the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (40 U.S.C. 1303 note; Public Law 114–287) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (B); (2) by striking the paragraph designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘In selecting’’ in subparagraph (A) in the matter preceding clause (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) APPOINTMENTS .—In selecting’’; and (3) by redesignating clauses (i) through (iv) as subparagraphs (A) through (D), respectively, and indenting appropriately. (b) TERMINATION .—Section 10 of the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (40 U.S.C. 1303 note; Public Law 114–287) is amended by striking ‘‘the date of enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the date on which the Board members are appointed pursuant to section 4’’. (c) ACCOUNTING SYSTEM .—Section 12(e) of the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (40 U.S.C. 1303 note; Public Law 114–287) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘the date of enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the date on which the Board members are appointed pursuant to section 4’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST) and the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 7318. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 7318 amends the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to align the timeline for the sale of unneeded properties with the appointment of the Public Buildings Reform Board. This bill will result in more savings for the taxpayer by providing the Board with sufficient time to identify properties to be sold or redeveloped. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I also support H.R. 7318. This bill that is under consideration this morning addresses an outstanding issue that has emerged since Congress originally passed the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act, known as FASTA, back in 2016. 
FASTA authorized an independent Board to make recommendations on real estate actions designed to dispose of unneeded Federal real estate and redevelop underutilized property. This bill amends FASTA and aligns the dates of the termination of the Public Buildings Reform Board created by FASTA with the appointment of those Board members. I have worked closely with Chairman BARLETTA during his tenure as chairman of the Economic Development, Public Buildings and Emergency Management Subcommittee, and I appreciate his leadership in making the management of real estate more efficient. I also look forward to continuing his work to help the General Services Administration scrutinize the real estate decisions of the Federal Government in order to find savings, promote energy efficiency, and ensure transparency. Towards that end, I look forward to conducting vigorous oversight of the GSA in the next Congress to ensure that the American taxpayers are receiving full value for their dollars that are being invested in Federal real estate. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7318. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
AMENDING FEDERAL ASSETS SALE AND TRANSFER ACT OF 2016 WITH RESPECT TO LEASEBACK OF CERTAIN FEDERAL PROPERTY Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7319) to amend the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to provide flexibility with respect to the leaseback of certain Federal real property, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 7319 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Section 12(b)(4) of the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (40 U.S.C. 1303 note; Public Law 114–287) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘for a period of greater than 3 years’’ before the period at the end; (2) by striking ‘‘None of the’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—None of the’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) REQUIREMENTS .—A leaseback under this paragraph— ‘‘(i) shall expire on or before the last day of the 3year period beginning on the date of the sale of the respective property; ‘‘(ii) may not contain any options to extend or renew the leaseback; ‘‘(iii) may only be entered into once for purposes of temporarily housing the Federal agency in the property at the time of the sale; and ‘‘(iv) shall only be for the purpose of facilitating the sale of the respective property.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST) and the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 7319. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 7319 amends the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to provide leaseback flexibility in certain circumstances to facilitate the sale of property and maximize the return to the taxpayer. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I also rise in support of H.R. 7319. This bill addresses an issue which has come up since the enactment of FASTA in the last Congress. The change allows the Federal Government to temporarily lease back a piece of Federal property in order to facilitate the sale of that property. Ultimately, the goal of this provision is to allow the government to more readily dispose of underutilized property. I look forward to working with the Public Buildings Reform Board, as I mentioned, once all of its members are appointed, and I urge Members of this body to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7319. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. f 
MAKING TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO FRANK LOBIONDO COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7329) to make technical corrections to provisions of law enacted by the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 7329 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) Upon the date amendments to section 3305(d)(3)(B) of title 46, United States Code, take effect under section 501(a) of the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–282), such section is amended by striking ‘‘Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018’’. (b) Upon the date section 4312 of title 46, United States Code, takes effect under section 503(c) of the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–282), such section is amended by striking ‘‘Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018’’. (c) Section 821(a)(2) of the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–282) is amended by striking ‘‘Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘this Act’’. (d) Section 820(b)(2) of the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–282) is amended by inserting ‘‘and the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141)’’ after ‘‘(Public Law 115– 31)’’. (e) Section 820(a) of the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–282) is amended by striking ‘‘years 2018 and’’ and inserting ‘‘year’’. (f) Section 810(d) of the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–282) is amended by striking ‘‘within 30 days after receiving the notice under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall, by not later than 60 days after transmitting such notice,’’ and inserting ‘‘in accordance within subsection (a)(2), the Secretary shall’’. (g) Subsections (a) and (d) of section 408 of the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–282) shall have no force or effect. (h) This section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–282) and apply as if included therein as enacted. 
Section 15106(c)(3) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘mineral and oil operations, including geophysical services’’ and inserting ‘‘operations’’; (2) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘exploration and recovery’’; 
(3) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘engaged in diving services related to offshore construction, inspection, and maintenance’’ and inserting ‘‘providing diving services to the offshore industry’’; (4) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘engaged in safety and training services related to offshore exploration and construction’’ and inserting ‘‘providing safety and training services to the offshore industry’’; (5) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘engaged in pipelaying services related to offshore construction’’ and inserting ‘‘providing subsea engineering, construction, or remotely operated vehicle support to the offshore industry’’; (6) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘mineral and energy’’; (7) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘national environmental entities’’ and inserting ‘‘entities providing environmental protection, compliance, or response services to the offshore industry’’; and (8) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘deepwater ports’’ and inserting ‘‘entities engaged in offshore oil exploration and production on the Outer Continental Shelf adjacent to Alaska’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST) and the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. b0915 GENERAL LEAVE Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 7329. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill makes technical corrections to the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018, which was signed into law on December 4, 2018. It corrects certain dates and updates membership on a Coast Guard advisory committee. Mr. Speaker, I urge support, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise also in support of this noncontroversial legislation that makes technical changes to the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act, which was just recently signed into law. I agree that it makes sense to enact these technical corrections at this time to ensure that the amendments contained in Public Law 115–282 are enacted and codified as accurately as possible. I commend the sponsor for his initiative in introducing this legislation, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7329. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION REPORTS HARMONIZATION ACT Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3367) to amend certain transportation related reporting requirements to improve congressional oversight, reduce reporting burdens, and promote transparency, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3367 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Transportation Reports Harmonization Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF CHARGES AND FEES FOR ATTENDANCE AT UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY. 
Section 51314(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘shall notify Congress of’’ and inserting ‘‘shall present at the next meeting of the Board of Visitors, and post on a publicly available website,’’. 
SEC. 3. PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION ON ALIGNING FEDERAL ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS. 
Section 310(f)(1) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, and make publicly available on the Department of Transportation website,’’ after ‘‘House of Representatives’’. 
(a) N ORTHEAST CORRIDOR SAFETY COMMITTEE REPORT .—Section 24905(e) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (3). (b) CONTENTS OF GRANT REQUESTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 24319(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) describe the status of efforts to improve safety and security on the Northeast Corridor main line, including a description of any efforts to implement recommendations of relevant railroad safety advisory committees.’’. (2) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection or an amendment made by this subsection shall affect a grant request made under section 24319 of title 49, United States Code, before the date of enactment of this Act. 
(a) DOT R EPORTS .—Section 402 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (n) and inserting the following: ‘‘(n) PUBLIC TRANSPARENCY .—The Secretary shall publicly release on its website information that contains each State’s performance with respect to the State’s highway safety plan under subsection (k) and performance targets set by the States in such plans. Such information shall be posted on the website within 45 calendar days of approval of a State’s highway safety plan.’’. (b) GAO REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the highway safety programs under section 402 of title 23, United States Code. In carrying out the review, the Comptroller General shall review States’ progress in achieving safety performance targets, including how States are utilizing grants and problems encountered in achieving such targets. (2) SUBMISSION .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that contains the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), including any recommendations for improvements to State activities and the Secretary of Transportation’s administration of the highway safety programs. 
SEC. 6. CESSATION OF CERTAIN ADVISORY COUNCILS AND ADVISORY COMMITTEES. 
(a) N ORTHEAST CORRIDOR SAFETY COMMITTEE .—Section 24905(e) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) SUNSET .—The Committee established under this subsection ceases to exist on the date that the Secretary determines positive train control, as required by section 20157, is fully implemented along the Northeast Corridor.’’. (b) NATIONAL RAILCOOPERATIVE RESEARCH  PROGRAM OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE .—Section 24910(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) SUNSET .—The advisory board established under this subsection ceases to exist effective January 1, 2019.’’. 
‘‘22907. Consolidated rail infrastructure and safety improvements. ‘‘22908. Restoration and enhancement grants.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND MENTS .— (1) TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Chapter 229 of title 49, United States Code, as redesignated, is amended— (A) in section 22902, as redesignated— (i) in subsection (c)(3)(A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘of’’ after ‘‘other modes’’; and (II) in clause (vi) by striking ‘‘environmentally’’ and inserting ‘‘environmental’’; and (ii) in subsection (k), by striking ‘‘state rail plan’’ and inserting ‘‘State rail plan’’; and (B) in section 22905(e)(1), as redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘government authority’’ and inserting ‘‘governmental authority’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘section 5302(11) and (6), respectively, of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5302’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Chapter 229 of title 49, United States Code, as redesignated, is amended— (A) in section 22901(2)(D), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘24404’’ and inserting ‘‘22904’’; (B) in section 22904, as redesignated, by striking ‘‘24402’’ and inserting ‘‘22902’’; (C) in section 22905(e)(1), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘24102(4) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘24102’’; (D) in section 22907, as redesignated— (i) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘24401(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘22901(2)’’; and (ii) in subsection (k), by striking ‘‘of sections 24402, 24403, and 24404 and the definition contained in 24401(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘under sections 22902, 22903, and 22904, and the definition contained in section 22901(1)’’; and (E) in section 22908, as redesignated— (i) in subsection (a), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘24401(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘22901(1)’’; and (ii) in subsection (i)(3), by striking ‘‘24405’’ and inserting ‘‘22905’’. (3) ADDITIONAL CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) SUBTITLE V .—Subtitle V of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (i) in part C— (I) in section 24102(7)(D)(ii), by striking ‘‘chapter 244’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 229’’; (II) in section 24103, by inserting ‘‘or chapter 229’’ after ‘‘this part’’ each place it appears; (III) in section 24711(c)(3), by striking ‘‘24405’’ and inserting ‘‘22905’’; and (IV) in section 24911(i), by striking ‘‘24405’’ and inserting ‘‘22905’’; and (ii) in part D, in section 26106(e)(3), by striking ‘‘24405 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘22905’’. (B) RAILROAD SAFETY ENHANCEMENT ACT OF  
2008.—The Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (division B of Public Law 110–432) is amended— (i) in section 301(c) (49 U.S.C. 24405 note), by striking ‘‘24405(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘22905(a)’’; and (ii) in section 502(a)(4)(I) (49 U.S.C. 26106 note), by striking ‘‘24405’’ and inserting ‘‘22905’’. (C) FAST 
ACT.—The Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act (Public Law 114–94; 129 Stat. 1312) is amended— (i) in section 11102, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) CONFORMING PROVISION FOR REDESIG NATION OF APPLICABLE SECTION .—Any amounts authorized under this section for grants or project management oversight under section 24407 of such title shall be deemed to refer to grants or project management oversight under section 22907 of such title on or after the date of enactment of the Department of Transportation Reports Harmonization Act.’’; (ii) in section 11104, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) CONFORMING PROVISION FOR REDESIG NATION OF APPLICABLE SECTION .—Any amounts authorized under this section for grants or project management oversight under section 24408 of such title shall be deemed to refer to grants or project management oversight under section 22908 of such title on or after the date of enactment of the Department of Transportation Reports Harmonization Act.’’; (iii) in section 11308(a)(4)(I), by striking ‘‘24405’’ and inserting ‘‘22905’’; and (iv) in section 11401(b)(5), by striking ‘‘chapter 244’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 229’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST) and the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on S. 3367. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 3367 enhances transparency for certain Department of Transportation reports, eliminates or sunsets certain advisory boards, and makes technical amendments to the rail improvement grants. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill makes changes to reporting requirements for the Department of Transportation, requiring various agencies to be more transparent to the public by making some of these reports available on DOT’s website. Those would include the Northeast Corridor Safety Committee report and some Federal environmental reviews. The bill also requires that any changes in fees or charges for attending the Merchant Marine Academy be posted publicly online as well. The bill makes the results of State performance targets set in the State highway safety plans publicly available and directs GAO to review States’ progress in achieving these performance targets, including how States are utilizing grants and problems that may be encountered in achieving their targets. The review will be important to Congress when considering the next reauthorization of the surface transportation bill. Finally, this bill sunsets the Northeast Corridor Safety Committee and the National Rail Cooperative Research Program Oversight Committee upon full completion of positive train control along the Northeast Corridor, and it makes technical changes in reorganizing the rail improvement grant section under title 49. It does a lot of good things to improve transparency, both for the public and for Congress. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3367. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
LOUISE AND BOB SLAUGHTER POST OFFICE Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7293) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 770 Ayrault Road in Fairport, New York, as the ‘‘Louise and Bob Slaughter Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 7293 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 770 Ayrault Road in Fairport, New York, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Louise and Bob Slaughter Post Office’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Louise and Bob Slaughter Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill honors the late Congresswoman Louise Slaughter’s 30 years of service to this country. The bill has bipartisan support. I urge all Members to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to join my colleagues in considering H.R. 7293, which will designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 770 Ayrault Road in Fairport, New York, as the Louise and Bob Slaughter Post Office. Representative Slaughter was a pioneering, ebullient, and groundbreaking Member of this body whose energetic service on the Rules Committee changed the dynamics and the culture of the House of Representatives. She served here for 31 years, was the first woman ever to chair the Rules Committee, and coauthored the landmark Violence Against Women Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. MORELLE ) for a further brief statement on her remarkable life and career. Mr. MORELLE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize someone we all know well, a true American patriot, the Honorable Louise M. Slaughter. It is truly a privilege to have introduced H.R. 7293 honoring Louise and her husband, Bob Slaughter. It is particularly fitting to do so in the 115th Congress, with so many colleagues who worked side by side with this remarkable woman. Louise loved Monroe County and everyone who called it home. Through her dedicated work in public service, she made immeasurable contributions to our region, our State, and our Nation. That is why I am proud to sponsor this legislation to dedicate the United States Post Office located at 770 Ayrault Road in Fairport to Louise Slaughter and her devoted husband, Bob Slaughter. The new Louise and Bob Slaughter Post Office Building, located in their hometown just blocks from their house, will be a fitting tribute to a truly remarkable couple. On a personal note, it was Louise Slaughter who counseled me at a young age and encouraged me to run for public office. Louise, Bob, and their family remained dear friends for nearly 40 years. Our entire community grieves her loss and misses her dearly, but Louise left behind an incredible legacy that everyone in this room witnessed firsthand. She was the first and only woman to chair the Rules Committee of the House. Louise was not only a fierce and influential legislator but a true champion for those in our Nation in real need of champions. From landmark healthcare legislation to education and infrastructure projects that have strengthened our local and national economy, Louise was a trailblazer who, with every success, shattered glass ceilings. She was a friend, a colleague, a mentor, and a role model for so many people, both in this room and in my community back home in Rochester, New York. She and Bob Slaughter are more than deserving of this honor, and I look forward to the day when the Louise and Bob Slaughter Post Office is open for business to serve Fairport residents and honor their memory. I am grateful to my colleagues in the New York delegation who have joined me in cosponsoring this legislation. Its widespread bipartisan support is a testament to the profound impact Louise Slaughter has had on all of us and will have on us all for many years to come. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, as the former majority leader of the New York Assembly, Representative MORELLE is a fitting and worthy successor to Representative Slaughter, whom we all miss. I thank the gentleman for bringing this legislation forward. I urge passage of H.R. 7293. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers at this time, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7293. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
FOUNDATIONS FOR EVIDENCE BASED POLICYMAKING ACT OF 2017 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 4174) to amend titles 5 and 44, United States Code, to require Federal evaluation activities, improve Federal data management, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Foundations for EvidenceBased Policymaking Act of 2018’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—FEDERAL EVIDENCE–BUILDING ACTIVITIES Sec. 101. Federal evidencebuilding activities. TITLE II—OPEN GOVERNMENT DATA ACT Sec. 201. Short title. Sec. 202. OPEN Government data. TITLE III—CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION PROTECTION AND STATISTICAL EFFICIENCY Sec. 301. Short title. Sec. 302. Confidential information protection and statistical efficiency. Sec. 303. Increasing access to data for evidence. TITLE IV—GENERAL PROVISIONS Sec. 401. Rule of construction. Sec. 402. Use of existing resources. Sec. 403. Effective date. TITLE I—FEDERAL EVIDENCE–BUILDING ACTIVITIES SEC. 101. FEDERAL EVIDENCEBUILDING ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 3 of part I of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting before section 301 the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL PROVISIONS’’; 
AND (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—FEDERAL EVIDENCE BUILDING ACTIVITIES ‘‘§ 311. Definitions ‘‘In this subchapter: ‘‘(1) AGENCY .—The term ‘agency’ has the meaning given the term ‘Executive agency’ under section 105. ‘‘(2) DIRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. ‘‘(3) EVALUATION .—The term ‘evaluation’ means an assessment using systematic data collection and analysis of one or more programs, policies, and organizations intended to assess their effectiveness and efficiency. ‘‘(4) EVIDENCE .—The term ‘evidence’ has the meaning given that term in section 3561 of title 44. ‘‘(5) STATE.—The term ‘State’ means each of the several States, the District of Columbia, each territory or possession of the United States, and each federally recognized governing body of any Indian Tribe, band, nation, pueblo, or other organized group or community which is recognized as eligible for the special programs and services provided by the United States to Indians because of their status as Indians. ‘‘(6) STATISTICAL ACTIVITIES ; STATISTICAL  
AGENCY OR UNIT ; STATISTICAL PURPOSE .—The terms ‘statistical activities’, ‘statistical agency or unit’, and ‘statistical purpose’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3561 of title 44. ‘‘§ 312. Agency evidencebuilding plan ‘‘(a) REQUIREMENT .—The head of each agency shall include in the strategic plan required under section 306 a systematic plan for identifying and addressing policy questions relevant to the programs, policies, and regulations of the agency. Such plan shall contain the following: ‘‘(1) A list of policyrelevant questions for which the agency intends to develop evidence to support policymaking. ‘‘(2) A list of data the agency intends to collect, use, or acquire to facilitate the use of evidence in policymaking. ‘‘(3) A list of methods and analytical approaches that may be used to develop evidence to support policymaking. ‘‘(4) A list of any challenges to developing evidence to support policymaking, including any statutory or other restrictions to accessing relevant data. ‘‘(5) A description of the steps the agency will take to accomplish paragraphs (1) and (2). ‘‘(6) Any other information as required by guidance issued by the Director. ‘‘(b) EVALUATION PLAN.—The head of each agency shall issue in conjunction with the performance plan required under section 1115(b) of title 31, an evaluation plan describing activities the agency plans to conduct pursuant to subsection (a) of this section during the fiscal year 
following the year in which the performance plan is submitted. Such plan shall— ‘‘(1) describe key questions for each significant evaluation study that the agency plans to begin in the next fiscal year; ‘‘(2) describe key information collections or acquisitions the agency plans to begin in the next fiscal year; and ‘‘(3) any other information included in guidance issued by the Director under subsection (a)(6). ‘‘(c) CONSULTATION .—In developing the plan required under subsection (a), the head of an agency shall consult with stakeholders, including the public, agencies, State and local governments, and representatives of nongovernmental researchers. ‘‘§ 313. Evaluation Officers ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—The head of each agency shall designate a senior employee of the agency as the Evaluation Officer of the agency. ‘‘(b) QUALIFICATIONS .—The Evaluation Officer of an agency shall be appointed or designated without regard to political affiliation and based on demonstrated expertise in evaluation methodology and practices and appropriate expertise to the disciplines of the agency. ‘‘(c) COORDINATION .—The Evaluation Officer of an agency shall, to the extent practicable, coordinate activities with agency officials necessary to carry out the functions required under subsection (d). ‘‘(d) FUNCTIONS .—The Evaluation Officer of each agency shall— ‘‘(1) continually assess the coverage, quality, methods, consistency, effectiveness, independence, and balance of the portfolio of evaluations, policy research, and ongoing evaluation activities of the agency; ‘‘(2) assess agency capacity to support the development and use of evaluation; ‘‘(3) establish and implement an agency evaluation policy; and ‘‘(4) coordinate, develop, and implement the plans required under section 312. ‘‘§ 314. Statistical expertise ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The head of each agency shall designate the head of any statistical agency or unit within the agency, or in the case of an agency that does not have a statistical agency or unit, any senior agency official with appropriate expertise, as a statistical official to advise on statistical policy, techniques, and procedures. Agency officials engaged in statistical activities may consult with any such statistical official as necessary. ‘‘(b) MEMBERSHIP ON INTERAGENCY COUNCIL  
ONSTATISTICAL POLICY .—Each statistical official designated under subsection (a) shall serve as a member of the Interagency Council on Statistical Policy established under section 3504(e)(8) of title 44. ‘‘§ 315. Advisory Committee on Data for Evidence Building ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—The Director, or the head of an agency designated by the Director, shall establish an Advisory Committee on Data for Evidence Building (in this section referred to as the ‘Advisory Committee’) to review, analyze, and make recommendations on how to promote the use of Federal data for evidence building. ‘‘(b) MEMBERSHIP .—The members of the Advisory Committee shall consist of the Chief Statistician of the United States, who shall serve as the Chair of the Advisory Committee, and other members appointed by the Director as follows: ‘‘(1) One member who is an agency Chief Information Officer. ‘‘(2) One member who is an agency Chief Privacy Officer. ‘‘(3) One member who is an agency Chief Performance Officer. ‘‘(4) Three members who are agency Chief Data Officers. ‘‘(5) Three members who are agency Evaluation Officers. ‘‘(6) Three members who are members of the Interagency Council for Statistical Policy established under section 3504(e)(8) of title 44. ‘‘(7) At least 10 members who are representatives of State and local governments and nongovernmental stakeholders with expertise in government data policy, privacy, technology, transparency policy, evaluation and research methodologies, and other relevant subjects, of whom— ‘‘(A) at least one shall have expertise in transparency policy; ‘‘(B) at least one shall have expertise in privacy policy; ‘‘(C) at least one shall have expertise in statistical data use; ‘‘(D) at least one shall have expertise in information management; ‘‘(E) at least one shall have expertise in information technology; and ‘‘(F) at least one shall be from the research and evaluation community. ‘‘(c) TERM OF SERVICE .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Each member of the Advisory Committee shall serve for a term of 2 years. ‘‘(2) VACANCY .—Any member appointed to fill a vacancy occurring before the expiration of the term for which the member’s predecessor was appointed shall be appointed only for the remainder of that term. A vacancy in the Commission shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. ‘‘(d) COMPENSATION .—Members of the Advisory Committee shall serve without compensation. ‘‘(e) DUTIES .—The Advisory Committee shall— ‘‘(1) assist the Director in carrying out the duties of the Director under part D of subchapter III of chapter 35 of title 44; ‘‘(2) evaluate and provide recommendations to the Director on how to facilitate data sharing, enable data linkage, and develop privacy enhancing techniques; and ‘‘(3) review the coordination of data sharing or availability for evidence building across all agencies. ‘‘(f) REPORTS .—The Advisory Committee shall submit to the Director and make publicly available an annual report on the activities and findings of the Advisory Committee. ‘‘(g) TERMINATION .—The Advisory Committee shall terminate not later than two years after the date of the first meeting.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND MENTS .—The table of sections for chapter 3 of part I of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting before the item relating to section 301 the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL PROVISIONS ’’; AND (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
ACTIVITIES  ‘‘311. Definitions. ‘‘312. Agency evidencebuilding plan. ‘‘313. Evaluation Officers. ‘‘314. Statistical expertise. ‘‘315. Advisory Committee on Data for Evidence Building.’’. (c) AGENCY STRATEGIC PLANS.—Section 306(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (8), by— (A) striking the period at the end; and (B) inserting after ‘‘to be conducted’’ the following: ‘‘, and citations to relevant provisions of the plans required under section 312; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) an assessment of the coverage, quality, methods, effectiveness, and independence of the statistics, evaluation, research, and analysis efforts of the agency, including— ‘‘(A) a list of the activities and operations of the agency that are currently being evaluated and analyzed; ‘‘(B) the extent to which the evaluations, research, and analysis efforts and related activities of the agency support the needs of various divisions within the agency; ‘‘(C) the extent to which the evaluation research and analysis efforts and related activities of the agency address an appropriate balance between needs related to organizational learning, ongoing program management, performance management, strategic management, interagency and private sector coordination, internal and external oversight, and accountability; ‘‘(D) the extent to which the agency uses methods and combinations of methods that are appropriate to agency divisions and the corresponding research questions being addressed, including an appropriate combination of formative and summative evaluation research and analysis approaches; ‘‘(E) the extent to which evaluation and research capacity is present within the agency to include personnel and agency processes for planning and implementing evaluation activities, disseminating best practices and findings, and incorporating employee views and feedback; and ‘‘(F) the extent to which the agency has the capacity to assist agency staff and program offices to develop the capacity to use evaluation research and analysis approaches and data in the daytoday operations.’’. (d) GAO REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which each strategic plan required under section 306(a) of title 5, United States Code, is published, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that— (1) summarizes agency findings and highlights trends in the assessment conducted pursuant to subsection (a)(9) of section 306 of title 5, United States Code, as added by subsection (c); and (2) if appropriate, recommends actions to further improve agency capacity to use evaluation techniques and data to support evaluation efforts. (e) EVALUATION AND PERSONNEL STANDARDS .— (1) REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with any interagency council relating to evaluation, shall— (A) issue guidance for program evaluation for agencies consistent with widely accepted standards for evaluation; and (B) identify best practices for evaluation that would improve Federal program evaluation. (2) GUIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the guidance under paragraph (1) is issued, the head of each agency shall oversee the implementation of such guidance. (3) OPM 
GUIDANCE .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the guidance under paragraph (1) is issued, the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall— (A) identify key skills and competencies needed for program evaluation in an agency; (B) establish a new occupational series, or update and improve an existing occupational series, for program evaluation within an agency; and (C) establish a new career path for program evaluation within an agency. (4) DEFINITIONS .—In this Act: (A) AGENCY .—Except as otherwise provided, the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘Executive agency’’ under section 105. (B) EVALUATION .—The term ‘‘evaluation’’ has the meaning given that term in section 311 of title 5, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). TITLE II—OPEN GOVERNMENT DATA ACT 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Open, Public, Electronic, and Necessary Government Data Act’’ or the ‘‘OPEN Government Data Act’’. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 3502 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (14), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(15) the term ‘comprehensive data inventory’ means the inventory created under section 3511(a), but does not include any underlying data asset listed on the inventory; ‘‘(16) the term ‘data’ means recorded information, regardless of form or the media on which the data is recorded; ‘‘(17) the term ‘data asset’ means a collection of data elements or data sets that may be grouped together; ‘‘(18) the term ‘machinereadable’, when used with respect to data, means data in a format that can be easily processed by a computer without human intervention while ensuring no semantic meaning is lost; ‘‘(19) the term ‘metadata’ means structural or descriptive information about data such as content, format, source, rights, accuracy, provenance, frequency, periodicity, granularity, publisher or responsible party, contact information, method of collection, and other descriptions; ‘‘(20) the term ‘open Government data asset’ means a public data asset that is— ‘‘(A) machinereadable; ‘‘(B) available (or could be made available) in an open format; ‘‘(C) not encumbered by restrictions, other than intellectual property rights, including under titles 17 and 35, that would impede the use or reuse of such asset; and ‘‘(D) based on an underlying open standard that is maintained by a standards organization; ‘‘(21) the term ‘open license’ means a legal guarantee that a data asset is made available— ‘‘(A) at no cost to the public; and ‘‘(B) with no restrictions on copying, publishing, distributing, transmitting, citing, or adapting such asset; ‘‘(22) the term ‘public data asset’ means a data asset, or part thereof, maintained by the Federal Government that has been, or may be, released to the public, including any data asset, or part thereof, subject to disclosure under section 552 of title 5; and ‘‘(23) the term ‘statistical laws’ means subchapter III of this chapter and other laws pertaining to the protection of information collected for statistical purposes as designated by the Director.’’. (b) GUIDANCE TO MAKEDATAOPEN BY DEFAULT .—Section 3504(b) of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) issue guidance for agencies to implement section 3506(b)(6) in a manner that takes into account— ‘‘(A) risks and restrictions related to the disclosure of personally identifiable information, including the risk that an individual data asset in isolation does not pose a privacy or confidentiality risk but when combined with other available information may pose such a risk; ‘‘(B) security considerations, including the risk that information in an individual data asset in isolation does not pose a security risk but when combined with other available information may pose such a risk; ‘‘(C) the cost and benefits to the public of converting a data asset into a machinereadable format that is accessible and useful to the public; ‘‘(D) whether the application of the requirements described in such section to a data asset could result in legal liability; ‘‘(E) a determination of whether a data asset— ‘‘(i) is subject to intellectual property rights, including rights under titles 17 and 35; ‘‘(ii) contains confidential business information, that could be withheld under section 552(b)(4) of title 5; or ‘‘(iii) is otherwise restricted by contract or other binding, written agreement; ‘‘(F) the requirement that a data asset be disclosed, if it would otherwise be made available under section 552 of title 5 (commonly known as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’); and ‘‘(G) any other considerations that the Director determines to be relevant.’’. (c) FEDERAL AGENCY RESPONSIBILITIES TO  MAKEDATAOPEN BY DEFAULT .— (1) AMENDMENTS .—Section 3506 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) in accordance with guidance by the Director, develop and maintain a strategic information resources management plan that, to the extent practicable— ‘‘(A) describes how information resources management activities help accomplish agency missions; ‘‘(B) includes an open data plan that— ‘‘(i) requires the agency to develop processes and procedures that— ‘‘(I) require data collection mechanisms created on or after the date of the enactment of the OPEN Government Data Act to be available in an open format; and ‘‘(II) facilitate collaboration with nonGovernment entities (including businesses), researchers, and the public for the purpose of understanding how data users value and use government data; ‘‘(ii) identifies and implements methods for collecting and analyzing digital information on data asset usage by users within and outside of the agency, including designating a point of contact within the agency to assist the public and to respond to quality issues, usability issues, recommendations for improvements, and complaints about adherence to open data requirements within a reasonable period of time; ‘‘(iii) develops and implements a process to evaluate and improve the timeliness, completeness, consistency, accuracy, usefulness, and availability of open Government data assets; ‘‘(iv) includes requirements for meeting the goals of the agency open data plan, including the acquisition of technology, provision of training for employees, and the implementation of procurement standards, in accordance with existing law, regulation, and policy, that allow for the acquisition of innovative solutions from public and private sectors; ‘‘(v) identifies as priority data assets any data asset for which disclosure would be in the public interest and establishes a plan to evaluate each priority data asset for disclosure on the Federal Data Catalogue under section 3511 and for a determination under 3511(a)(2)(A)(iii)(I)(bb), including an accounting of which priority data assets have not yet been evaluated; and ‘‘(vi) requires the agency to comply with requirements under section 3511, including any standards established by the Director under such section, when disclosing a data asset pursuant to such section; and ‘‘(C) is updated annually and made publicly available on the website of the agency not later than 5 days after each such update;’’; (ii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (iii) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) in accordance with guidance by the Director— ‘‘(A) make each data asset of the agency available in an open format; and ‘‘(B) make each public data asset of the agency available— ‘‘(i) as an open Government data asset; and ‘‘(ii) under an open license.’’; and (B) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(5) ensure that any public data asset of the agency is machinereadable; and ‘‘(6) engage the public in using public data assets of the agency and encourage collaboration by— ‘‘(A) publishing on the website of the agency, on a regular basis (not less than annually), information on the usage of such assets by non Government users; ‘‘(B) providing the public with the opportunity to request specific data assets to be prioritized for disclosure and to provide suggestions for the development of agency criteria with respect to prioritizing data assets for disclosure; ‘‘(C) assisting the public in expanding the use of public data assets; and ‘‘(D) hosting challenges, competitions, events, or other initiatives designed to create additional value from public data assets of the agency.’’. (2) USE OF OPEN DATA ASSETS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each agency (as defined in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code) shall ensure that any activity by the agency meets the requirements of section 3506 of title 44, United States Code, as amended by this subsection. (3) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) DATA INVENTORY AND FEDERAL DATA CATALOGUE .— (1) AMENDMENT .—Section 3511 of title 44, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 3511. Data inventory and Federal data catalogue ‘‘(a) COMPREHENSIVE DATAINVENTORY .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—In consultation with the Director and in accordance with the guidance established under paragraph (2), the head of each agency shall, to the maximum extent practicable, develop and maintain a comprehensive data inventory that accounts for all data assets created by, collected by, under the control or direction of, or maintained by the agency. The head of each agency shall ensure that such inventory provides a clear and comprehensive understanding of the data assets in the possession of the agency. ‘‘(2) GUIDANCE .—The Director shall establish guidance for agencies to develop and maintain comprehensive data inventories under paragraph (1). Such guidance shall include the following: ‘‘(A) A requirement for the head of an agency to include in the comprehensive data inventory metadata on each data asset of the agency, including, to the maximum extent practicable, the following: ‘‘(i) A description of the data asset, including all variable names and definitions. ‘‘(ii) The name or title of the data asset. ‘‘(iii) An indication of whether or not the agency— ‘‘(I) has determined or can determine if the data asset is— ‘‘(aa) an open Government data asset; ‘‘(bb) subject to disclosure or partial disclosure or exempt from disclosure under section 552 of title 5; ‘‘(cc) a public data asset eligible for disclosure under subsection (b); or ‘‘(dd) a data asset not subject to open format or open license requirements due to existing limitations or restrictions on government distribution of the asset; or 
‘‘(II) as of the date of such indication, has not made such determination. ‘‘(iv) Any determination made under section 3582, if available. ‘‘(v) A description of the method by which the public may access or request access to the data asset. ‘‘(vi) The date on which the data asset was most recently updated. ‘‘(vii) Each agency responsible for maintaining the data asset. ‘‘(viii) The owner of the data asset. ‘‘(ix) To the extent practicable, any restriction on the use of the data asset. ‘‘(x) The location of the data asset. ‘‘(xi) Any other metadata necessary to make the comprehensive data inventory useful to the agency and the public, or otherwise determined useful by the Director. ‘‘(B) A requirement for the head of an agency to exclude from the comprehensive data inventory any data asset contained on a national security system, as defined in section 11103 of title 40. ‘‘(C) Criteria for the head of an agency to use in determining which metadata required by subparagraph (A), if any, in the comprehensive data inventory may not be made publicly available, which shall include, at a minimum, a requirement to ensure all information that could not otherwise be withheld from disclosure under section 552 of title 5 is made public in the comprehensive data inventory. ‘‘(D) A requirement for the head of each agency, in accordance with a procedure established by the Director, to submit for inclusion in the Federal data catalogue maintained under subsection (c) the comprehensive data inventory developed pursuant to subparagraph (C), including any realtime updates to such inventory, and data assets made available in accordance with subparagraph (E) or any electronic hyperlink providing access to such data assets. ‘‘(E) Criteria for the head of an agency to use in determining whether a particular data asset should not be made publicly available in a manner that takes into account— ‘‘(i) risks and restrictions related to the disclosure of personally identifiable information, including the risk that an individual data asset in isolation does not pose a privacy or confidentiality risk but when combined with other available information may pose such a risk; ‘‘(ii) security considerations, including the risk that information in an individual data asset in isolation does not pose a security risk but when combined with other available information may pose such a risk; ‘‘(iii) the cost and benefits to the public of converting the data into a format that could be understood and used by the public; ‘‘(iv) whether the public dissemination of the data asset could result in legal liability; ‘‘(v) whether the data asset— ‘‘(I) is subject to intellectual property rights, including rights under titles 17 and 35; ‘‘(II) contains confidential business information, that could be withheld under section 552(b)(4) of title 5; or ‘‘(III) is restricted by contract or other binding, written agreement; ‘‘(vi) whether the holder of a right to such data asset has been consulted; ‘‘(vii) the expectation that all data assets that would otherwise be made available under section 552 of title 5 be disclosed; and ‘‘(viii) any other considerations that the Director determines to be relevant. ‘‘(F) Criteria for the head of an agency to use in assessing the indication of a determination under subparagraph (A)(iii) and how to prioritize any such subsequent determinations in the strategic information management plan under section 3506, in consideration of the existing resources available to the agency. ‘‘(3) REGULAR UPDATES REQUIRED .—With re spect to each data asset created or identified by an agency, the head of the agency shall update the comprehensive data inventory of the agency not later than 90 days after the date of such creation or identification. ‘‘(b) PUBLIC DATAASSETS .—The head of each agency shall submit public data assets, or links to public data assets available online, as open Government data assets for inclusion in the Federal data catalogue maintained under subsection (c), in accordance with the guidance established under subsection (a)(2). ‘‘(c) FEDERAL DATACATALOGUE .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Administrator of General Services shall maintain a single public interface online as a point of entry dedicated to sharing agency data assets with the public, which shall be known as the ‘Federal data catalogue’. The Administrator and the Director shall ensure that agencies can submit public data assets, or links to public data assets, for publication and public availability on the interface. ‘‘(2) REPOSITORY .—The Director shall collaborate with the Office of Government Information Services and the Administrator of General Services to develop and maintain an online repository of tools, best practices, and schema standards to facilitate the adoption of open data practices across the Federal Government, which shall— ‘‘(A) include any definitions, regulations, policies, checklists, and case studies related to open data policy; ‘‘(B) facilitate collaboration and the adoption of best practices across the Federal Government relating to the adoption of open data practices; and ‘‘(C) be made available on the Federal data catalogue maintained under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) ACCESS TO OTHER DATA ASSETS .—The Di rector shall ensure the Federal data catalogue maintained under paragraph (1) provides information on how the public can access a data asset included in a comprehensive data inventory under subsection (a) that is not yet available on the Federal data catalogue, including information regarding the application process established under section 3583 of title 44. ‘‘(d) DELEGATION .—The Director shall delegate to the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs and the Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government the authority to jointly issue guidance required under this section.’’. (2) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND MENTS .— (A) TABLE OF SECTIONS .—The item relating to section 3511 of the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘3511. Data inventory and Federal data catalogue.’’. (B) CROSSREFERENCE .—Section 3504(b)(2)(A) of title 44, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the use of the Government Information Locator Service’’ and inserting ‘‘the use of comprehensive data inventories and the Federal data catalogue under section 3511’’. (e) CHIEF DATAOFFICERS .— (1) AMENDMENT .—Section 3520 of title 44, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 3520. Chief Data Officers ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—The head of each agency shall designate a career appointee (as defined in section 3132 of title 5) in the agency as the Chief Data Officer of the agency. ‘‘(b) QUALIFICATIONS .—The Chief Data Officer of an agency shall be designated on the basis of demonstrated training and experience in data management, governance (including creation, application, and maintenance of data standards), collection, analysis, protection, use, and dissemination, including with respect to any statistical and related techniques to protect and deidentify confidential data. ‘‘(c) FUNCTIONS .—The Chief Data Officer of an agency shall— ‘‘(1) be responsible for lifecycle data management; ‘‘(2) coordinate with any official in the agency responsible for using, protecting, disseminating, and generating data to ensure that the data needs of the agency are met; ‘‘(3) manage data assets of the agency, including the standardization of data format, sharing of data assets, and publication of data assets in accordance with applicable law; ‘‘(4) in carrying out the requirements under paragraphs (3) and (5), consult with any statistical official of the agency (as designated under section 314 of title 5); ‘‘(5) carry out the requirements of the agency under subsections (b) through (d), (f), and (i) of section 3506, section 3507, and section 3511; ‘‘(6) ensure that, to the extent practicable, agency data conforms with data management best practices; ‘‘(7) engage agency employees, the public, and contractors in using public data assets and encourage collaborative approaches on improving data use; ‘‘(8) support the Performance Improvement Officer of the agency in identifying and using data to carry out the functions described in section 1124(a)(2) of title 31; ‘‘(9) support the Evaluation Officer of the agency in obtaining data to carry out the functions described in section 313(d) of title 5; ‘‘(10) review the impact of the infrastructure of the agency on data asset accessibility and coordinate with the Chief Information Officer of the agency to improve such infrastructure to reduce barriers that inhibit data asset accessibility; ‘‘(11) ensure that, to the extent practicable, the agency maximizes the use of data in the agency, including for the production of evidence (as defined in section 3561), cybersecurity, and the improvement of agency operations; ‘‘(12) identify points of contact for roles and responsibilities related to open data use and implementation (as required by the Director); ‘‘(13) serve as the agency liaison to other agencies and the Office of Management and Budget on the best way to use existing agency data for statistical purposes (as defined in section 3561); and ‘‘(14) comply with any regulation and guidance issued under subchapter III, including the acquisition and maintenance of any required certification and training. ‘‘(d) DELEGATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—To the extent necessary to comply with statistical laws, the Chief Data Officer of an agency shall delegate any responsibility under subsection (c) to the head of a statistical agency or unit (as defined in section 3561) within the agency. ‘‘(2) CONSULTATION .—To the extent permissible under law, the individual to whom a responsibility has been delegated under paragraph (1) shall consult with the Chief Data Officer of the agency in carrying out such responsibility. ‘‘(3) DEFERENCE .—The Chief Data Officer of the agency shall defer to the individual to whom a responsibility has been delegated under paragraph (1) regarding the necessary delegation of such responsibility with respect to any data acquired, maintained, or disseminated by the agency under applicable statistical law. ‘‘(e) REPORTS .—The Chief Data Officer of an agency shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives an annual report on the compliance of the agency with the requirements of this subchapter, including information on each requirement that the agency could not carry out and, if applicable, what the agency needs to carry out such requirement.’’. (2) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND MENT .—The item relating to section 3520 of the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘3520. Chief Data Officers.’’. 
(f) C HIEF DATAOFFICER COUNCIL .— (1) AMENDMENT .—Subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by inserting before section 3521 the following new section: ‘‘§ 3520A. Chief Data Officer Council ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Office of Management and Budget a Chief Data Officer Council (in this section referred to as the ‘Council’). ‘‘(b) PURPOSE AND FUNCTIONS .—The Council shall— ‘‘(1) establish Governmentwide best practices for the use, protection, dissemination, and generation of data; ‘‘(2) promote and encourage data sharing agreements between agencies; ‘‘(3) identify ways in which agencies can improve upon the production of evidence for use in policymaking; ‘‘(4) consult with the public and engage with private users of Government data and other stakeholders on how to improve access to data assets of the Federal Government; and ‘‘(5) identify and evaluate new technology solutions for improving the collection and use of data. ‘‘(c) MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Chief Data Officer of each agency shall serve as a member of the Council. ‘‘(2) CHAIR.—The Director shall select the Chair of the Council from among the members of the Council. ‘‘(3) ADDITIONAL MEMBERS .—The Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government shall serve as a member of the Council. ‘‘(4) EX OFFICIO MEMBER .—The Director shall appoint a representative for all Chief Information Officers and Evaluation Officers, and such representative shall serve as an ex officio member of the Council. ‘‘(d) REPORTS .—The Council shall submit to the Director, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives a biennial report on the work of the Council. ‘‘(e) EVALUATION AND TERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) GAO 
EVALUATION OF COUNCIL .—Not later than 4 years after date of the enactment of this section, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report on whether the additional duties of the Council improved the use of evidence and program evaluation in the Federal Government. ‘‘(2) TERMINATION OF COUNCIL .—The Council shall terminate and this section shall be repealed upon the expiration of the 2year period that begins on the date the Comptroller General submits the report under paragraph (1) to Congress.’’. (2) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND MENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 3521 the following new item: ‘‘3520A. Chief Data Officer Council.’’. (g) REPORTS .— (1) GAO 
REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives a report that identifies, to the extent practicable— (A) the value of information made available to the public as a result of this Act and the amendments made by this Act; (B) whether the public availability of any information that has not yet been made so available would be valuable to the public; and (C) the completeness of each comprehensive data inventory developed under section 3511 of title 44, United States Code, as amended by subsection (d). (2) BIENNIAL OMB REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after date of the enactment of this Act, and biennially thereafter, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall electronically publish a report on agency performance and compliance with this Act and the amendments made by this Act. TITLE III—CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION PROTECTION AND STATISTICAL EFFICIENCY 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Confidential Information Protection and Statistical Efficiency Act of 2018’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subchapter: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION PROTECTION AND STATISTICAL EFFICIENCY ‘‘PART A—GENERAL ‘‘§ 3561. Definitions ‘‘In this subchapter: ‘‘(1) AGENCY .—The term ‘agency’ means any entity that falls within the definition of the term ‘executive agency’, as defined in section 102 of title 31, or ‘agency’, as defined in section 3502. ‘‘(2) AGENT.—The term ‘agent’ means an individual— ‘‘(A)(i) who is an employee of a private organization or a researcher affiliated with an institution of higher learning (including a person granted special sworn status by the Bureau of the Census under section 23(c) of title 13), and with whom a contract or other agreement is executed, on a temporary basis, by an executive agency to perform exclusively statistical activities under the control and supervision of an officer or employee of that agency; ‘‘(ii) who is working under the authority of a government entity with which a contract or other agreement is executed by an executive agency to perform exclusively statistical activities under the control of an officer or employee of that agency; ‘‘(iii) who is a selfemployed researcher, a consultant, a contractor, or an employee of a contractor, and with whom a contract or other agreement is executed by an executive agency to perform a statistical activity under the control of an officer or employee of that agency; or ‘‘(iv) who is a contractor or an employee of a contractor, and who is engaged by the agency to design or maintain the systems for handling or storage of data received under this subchapter; and ‘‘(B) who agrees in writing to comply with all provisions of law that affect information acquired by that agency. ‘‘(3) BUSINESS DATA .—The term ‘business data’ means operating and financial data and information about businesses, taxexempt organizations, and government entities. ‘‘(4) DATA ASSET .—The term ‘data asset’ has the meaning given that term in section 3502. ‘‘(5) DIRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. ‘‘(6) EVIDENCE .—The term ‘evidence’ means information produced as a result of statistical activities conducted for a statistical purpose. ‘‘(7) IDENTIFIABLE FORM .—The term ‘identifiable form’ means any representation of information that permits the identity of the respondent to whom the information applies to be reasonably inferred by either direct or indirect means. ‘‘(8) NONSTATISTICAL PURPOSE .—The term ‘nonstatistical purpose’— ‘‘(A) means the use of data in identifiable form for any purpose that is not a statistical purpose, including any administrative, regulatory, law enforcement, adjudicatory, or other purpose that affects the rights, privileges, or benefits of a particular identifiable respondent; and ‘‘(B) includes the disclosure under section 552 of title 5 of data that are acquired for exclusively statistical purposes under a pledge of confidentiality. ‘‘(9) RESPONDENT .—The term ‘respondent’ means a person who, or organization that, is requested or required to supply information to an agency, is the subject of information requested or required to be supplied to an agency, or provides that information to an agency. ‘‘(10) STATISTICAL ACTIVITIES .—The term ‘statistical activities’— ‘‘(A) means the collection, compilation, processing, or analysis of data for the purpose of describing or making estimates concerning the whole, or relevant groups or components within, the economy, society, or the natural environment; and ‘‘(B) includes the development of methods or resources that support those activities, such as measurement methods, models, statistical classifications, or sampling frames. ‘‘(11) STATISTICAL AGENCY OR UNIT .—The term ‘statistical agency or unit’ means an agency or organizational unit of the executive branch whose activities are predominantly the collection, compilation, processing, or analysis of information for statistical purposes, as designated by the Director under section 3562. ‘‘(12) STATISTICAL PURPOSE .—The term ‘statistical purpose’— ‘‘(A) means the description, estimation, or analysis of the characteristics of groups, without identifying the individuals or organizations that comprise such groups; and ‘‘(B) includes the development, implementation, or maintenance of methods, technical or administrative procedures, or information resources that support the purposes described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘§ 3562. Coordination and oversight of policies ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Director shall coordinate and oversee the confidentiality and disclosure policies established by this subchapter. The Director may promulgate rules or provide other guidance to ensure consistent interpretation of this subchapter by the affected agencies. The Director shall develop a process by which the Director designates agencies or organizational units as statistical agencies and units. The Director shall promulgate guidance to implement such process, which shall include specific criteria for such designation and methods by which the Director will ensure transparency in the process. ‘‘(b) AGENCY RULES.—Subject to subsection (c), agencies may promulgate rules to implement this subchapter. Rules governing disclosures of information that are authorized by this subchapter shall be promulgated by the agency that originally collected the information. ‘‘(c) REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF RULES.—The Director shall review any rules proposed by an agency pursuant to this subchapter for consistency with the provisions of this chapter and such rules shall be subject to the approval of the Director. ‘‘(d) REPORTS .— ‘‘(1) The head of each agency shall provide to the Director such reports and other information as the Director requests. ‘‘(2) Each Designated Statistical Agency (as defined in section 3576(e)) shall report annually to the Director, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate on the actions it has taken to implement section 3576. The report shall include copies of each written agreement entered into pursuant to section 3576(c)(1) for the applicable year. ‘‘(3) The Director shall include a summary of reports submitted to the Director under this subsection and actions taken by the Director to advance the purposes of this subchapter in the annual report to Congress on statistical programs prepared under section 3504(e)(2). 
‘‘§ 3563. Statistical agencies ‘‘(a) RESPONSIBILITIES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Each statistical agency or unit shall— ‘‘(A) produce and disseminate relevant and timely statistical information; ‘‘(B) conduct credible and accurate statistical activities; ‘‘(C) conduct objective statistical activities; and ‘‘(D) protect the trust of information providers by ensuring the confidentiality and exclusive statistical use of their responses. ‘‘(2) POLICIES , BEST PRACTICES , AND PROCE DURES .—Each statistical agency or unit shall adopt policies, best practices, and appropriate procedures to implement the responsibilities described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) SUPPORT FROM OTHER AGENCIES .—The head of each agency shall enable, support, and facilitate statistical agencies or units in carrying out the responsibilities described in subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(c) REGULATIONS .—The Director shall prescribe regulations to carry out this section. ‘‘(d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) ACCURATE .—The term ‘accurate’, when used with respect to statistical activities, means statistics that consistently match the events and trends being measured. ‘‘(2) CONFIDENTIALITY .—The term ‘confidentiality’ means a quality or condition accorded to information as an obligation not to disclose that information to an unauthorized party. ‘‘(3) OBJECTIVE .—The term ‘objective’, when used with respect to statistical activities, means accurate, clear, complete, and unbiased. ‘‘(4) RELEVANT .—The term ‘relevant’, when used with respect to statistical information, means processes, activities, and other such matters likely to be useful to policymakers and public and private sector data users. ‘‘§ 3564. Effect on other laws ‘‘(a) TITLE 44, U NITED STATES CODE.—This subchapter does not diminish the authority under section 3510 of the Director to direct, and of an agency to make, disclosures that are not inconsistent with any applicable law. ‘‘(b) TITLE 13 ANDTITLE 44, U NITED STATES  CODE.—This subchapter does not diminish the authority of the Bureau of the Census to provide information in accordance with sections 8, 16, 301, and 401 of title 13 and section 2108 of this title. ‘‘(c) TITLE 13, U NITED STATES CODE.—This subchapter shall not be construed as authorizing the disclosure for nonstatistical purposes of demographic data or information collected by the Bureau of the Census pursuant to section 9 of title 13. ‘‘(d) VARIOUS ENERGY STATUTES .—Data or information acquired by the Energy Information Administration under a pledge of confidentiality and designated by the Energy Information Administration to be used for exclusively statistical purposes shall not be disclosed in identifiable form for nonstatistical purposes under— ‘‘(1) section 12, 20, or 59 of the Federal Energy Administration Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 771, 779, 790h); ‘‘(2) section 11 of the Energy Supply and Environmental Coordination Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 796); or ‘‘(3) section 205 or 407 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7135, 7177). ‘‘(e) SECTION 201 OFCONGRESSIONAL BUDGET  ACT OF 1974.—This subchapter shall not be construed to limit any authorities of the Congressional Budget Office to work (consistent with laws governing the confidentiality of information the disclosure of which would be a violation of law) with databases of Designated Statistical Agencies (as defined in section 3576(e)), either separately or, for data that may be shared pursuant to section 3576(c) or other authority, jointly in order to improve the general utility of these databases for the statistical purpose of analyzing pension and health care financing issues. ‘‘(f) PREEMPTION OF STATE LAW.—Nothing in this subchapter shall preempt applicable State law regarding the confidentiality of data collected by the States. ‘‘(g) STATUTES REGARDING FALSE STATEMENTS .—Notwithstanding section 3572, information collected by an agency for exclusively statistical purposes under a pledge of confidentiality may be provided by the collecting agency to a law enforcement agency for the prosecution of submissions to the collecting agency of false statistical information under statutes that authorize criminal penalties (such as section 221 of title 13) or civil penalties for the provision of false statistical information, unless such disclosure or use would otherwise be prohibited under Federal law. ‘‘(h) CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subchapter shall be construed as restricting or diminishing any confidentiality protections or penalties for unauthorized disclosure that otherwise apply to data or information collected for statistical purposes or nonstatistical purposes, including, but not limited to, section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. ‘‘(i) AUTHORITY OF CONGRESS .—Nothing in this subchapter shall be construed to affect the authority of the Congress, including its committees, members, or agents, to obtain data or information for a statistical purpose, including for oversight of an agency’s statistical activities. ‘‘PART B—CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION PROTECTION ‘‘§ 3571. Findings ‘‘The Congress finds the following: ‘‘(1) Individuals, businesses, and other organizations have varying degrees of legal protection when providing information to the agencies for strictly statistical purposes. ‘‘(2) Pledges of confidentiality by agencies provide assurances to the public that information about individuals or organizations or provided by individuals or organizations for exclusively statistical purposes will be held in confidence and will not be used against such individuals or organizations in any agency action. ‘‘(3) Protecting the confidentiality interests of individuals or organizations who provide information under a pledge of confidentiality for Federal statistical programs serves both the interests of the public and the needs of society. ‘‘(4) Declining trust of the public in the protection of information provided under a pledge of confidentiality to the agencies adversely affects both the accuracy and completeness of statistical analyses. ‘‘(5) Ensuring that information provided under a pledge of confidentiality for statistical purposes receives protection is essential in continuing public cooperation in statistical programs. ‘‘§ 3572. Confidential information protection ‘‘(a) PURPOSES .—The purposes of this section are the following: ‘‘(1) To ensure that information supplied by individuals or organizations to an agency for statistical purposes under a pledge of confidentiality is used exclusively for statistical purposes. ‘‘(2) To ensure that individuals or organizations who supply information under a pledge of confidentiality to agencies for statistical purposes will neither have that information disclosed in identifiable form to anyone not authorized by this subchapter nor have that information used for any purpose other than a statistical purpose. ‘‘(3) To safeguard the confidentiality of individually identifiable information acquired under a pledge of confidentiality for statistical purposes by controlling access to, and uses made of, such information. ‘‘(b) USE OF STATISTICAL DATA OR INFORMA TION.—Data or information acquired by an agency under a pledge of confidentiality and for exclusively statistical purposes shall be used by officers, employees, or agents of the agency exclusively for statistical purposes and protected in accordance with such pledge. ‘‘(c) DISCLOSURE OF STATISTICAL DATA OR INFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) Data or information acquired by an agency under a pledge of confidentiality for exclusively statistical purposes shall not be disclosed by an agency in identifiable form, for any use other than an exclusively statistical purpose, except with the informed consent of the respondent. ‘‘(2) A disclosure pursuant to paragraph (1) is authorized only when the head of the agency approves such disclosure and the disclosure is not prohibited by any other law. ‘‘(3) This section does not restrict or diminish any confidentiality protections in law that otherwise apply to data or information acquired by an agency under a pledge of confidentiality for exclusively statistical purposes. ‘‘(d) RULE FOR USE OF DATA OR INFORMATION  
FOR NONSTATISTICAL PURPOSES .—A statistical agency or unit shall clearly distinguish any data or information it collects for nonstatistical purposes (as authorized by law) and provide notice to the public, before the data or information is collected, that the data or information could be used for nonstatistical purposes. ‘‘(e) DESIGNATION OF AGENTS .—A statistical agency or unit may designate agents, by contract or by entering into a special agreement containing the provisions required under section 3561(2) for treatment as an agent under that section, who may perform exclusively statistical activities, subject to the limitations and penalties described in this subchapter. ‘‘(f) FINES AND PENALTIES .—Whoever, being an officer, employee, or agent of an agency acquiring information for exclusively statistical purposes, having taken and subscribed the oath of office, or having sworn to observe the limitations imposed by this section, comes into possession of such information by reason of his or her being an officer, employee, or agent and, knowing that the disclosure of the specific information is prohibited under the provisions of this subchapter, willfully discloses the information in any manner to a person or agency not entitled to receive it, shall be guilty of a class E felony and imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or fined not more than $250,000, or both. ‘‘PART C—STATISTICAL EFFICIENCY ‘‘§ 3575. Findings ‘‘The Congress finds the following: ‘‘(1) Federal statistics are an important source of information for public and private decision makers such as policymakers, consumers, businesses, investors, and workers. ‘‘(2) Federal statistical agencies should continuously seek to improve their efficiency. Statutory constraints limit the ability of these agencies to share data and thus to achieve higher efficiency for Federal statistical programs. ‘‘(3) The quality of Federal statistics depends on the willingness of businesses to respond to statistical surveys. Reducing reporting burdens will increase response rates, and therefore lead to more accurate characterizations of the economy. ‘‘(4) Enhanced sharing of business data among the Bureau of the Census, the Bureau of Economic Analysis, and the Bureau of Labor Statistics for exclusively statistical purposes will improve their ability to track more accurately the large and rapidly changing nature of United States business. In particular, the statistical agencies will be able to better ensure that businesses are consistently classified in appropriate industries, resolve data anomalies, produce statistical samples that are consistently adjusted for the entry and exit of new businesses in a timely manner, and correct faulty reporting errors quickly and efficiently. ‘‘(5) Congress enacted the International Investment and Trade in Services Survey Act 
(Public Law 94–472), which allowed the Bureau of the Census, the Bureau of Economic Analysis, and the Bureau of Labor Statistics to share data on foreignowned companies. The Act not only expanded detailed industry coverage from 135 industries to over 800 industries with no increase in the data collected from respondents but also demonstrated how data sharing can result in the creation of valuable data products. ‘‘(6) With part B of this subchapter, the sharing of business data among the Bureau of the Census, the Bureau of Economic Analysis, and the Bureau of Labor Statistics continues to ensure the highest level of confidentiality for respondents to statistical surveys. ‘‘§ 3576. Designated statistical agencies ‘‘(a) PURPOSES .—The purposes of this section are the following: ‘‘(1) To authorize the sharing of business data among the Bureau of the Census, the Bureau of Economic Analysis, and the Bureau of Labor Statistics for exclusively statistical purposes. ‘‘(2) To reduce the paperwork burdens imposed on businesses that provide requested information to the Federal Government. ‘‘(3) To improve the comparability and accuracy of Federal economic statistics by allowing the Bureau of the Census, the Bureau of Economic Analysis, and the Bureau of Labor Statistics to update sample frames, develop consistent classifications of establishments and companies into industries, improve coverage, and reconcile significant differences in data produced by the three agencies. ‘‘(4) To increase understanding of the United States economy, especially for key industry and regional statistics, to develop more accurate measures of the impact of technology on productivity growth, and to enhance the reliability of the Nation’s most important economic indicators, such as the National Income and Product Accounts. ‘‘(b) RESPONSIBILITIES OF DESIGNATED STATIS TICAL AGENCIES .—The head of each of the Designated Statistical Agencies shall— ‘‘(1) identify opportunities to eliminate duplication and otherwise reduce reporting burden and cost imposed on the public in providing information for statistical purposes; ‘‘(2) enter into joint statistical projects to improve the quality and reduce the cost of statistical programs; and ‘‘(3) protect the confidentiality of individually identifiable information acquired for statistical purposes by adhering to safeguard principles, including— ‘‘(A) emphasizing to their officers, employees, and agents the importance of protecting the confidentiality of information in cases where the identity of individual respondents can reasonably be inferred by either direct or indirect means; ‘‘(B) training their officers, employees, and agents in their legal obligations to protect the confidentiality of individually identifiable information and in the procedures that must be followed to provide access to such information; ‘‘(C) implementing appropriate measures to assure the physical and electronic security of confidential data; ‘‘(D) establishing a system of records that identifies individuals accessing confidential data and the project for which the data were required; and ‘‘(E) being prepared to document their compliance with safeguard principles to other agencies authorized by law to monitor such compliance. ‘‘(c) SHARING OF BUSINESS DATAAMONG DESIGNATED STATISTICAL AGENCIES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—A Designated Statistical Agency may provide business data in an identifiable form to another Designated Statistical Agency under the terms of a written agreement among the agencies sharing the business data that specifies— ‘‘(A) the business data to be shared; ‘‘(B) the statistical purposes for which the business data are to be used; ‘‘(C) the officers, employees, and agents authorized to examine the business data to be shared; and ‘‘(D) appropriate security procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of the business data. ‘‘(2) RESPONSIBILITIES OF AGENCIES UNDER  
OTHER LAWS .—The provision of business data by an agency to a Designated Statistical Agency under this section shall in no way alter the responsibility of the agency providing the data under other statutes (including sections 552 and 552b of title 5) with respect to the provision or withholding of such information by the agency providing the data. ‘‘(3) RESPONSIBILITIES OF OFFICERS , EMPLOY EES, AND AGENTS .—Examination of business data in identifiable form shall be limited to the officers, employees, and agents authorized to examine the individual reports in accordance with written agreements pursuant to this section. Officers, employees, and agents of a Designated Statistical Agency who receive data pursuant to this section shall be subject to all provisions of law, including penalties, that relate— ‘‘(A) to the unlawful provision of the business data that would apply to the officers, employees, and agents of the agency that originally obtained the information; and ‘‘(B) to the unlawful disclosure of the business data that would apply to officers, employees, and agents of the agency that originally obtained the information. ‘‘(4) NOTICE .—Whenever a written agreement concerns data that respondents were required by law to report and the respondents were not informed that the data could be shared among the Designated Statistical Agencies, for exclusively statistical purposes, the terms of such agreement shall be described in a public notice issued by the agency that intends to provide the data. Such notice shall allow a minimum of 60 days for public comment. ‘‘(d) LIMITATIONS ON USE OF BUSINESS DATA PROVIDED BY DESIGNATED STATISTICAL AGENCIES.— ‘‘(1) GENERAL USE .—Business data provided by a Designated Statistical Agency pursuant to this section shall be used exclusively for statistical purposes. ‘‘(2) PUBLICATION .—Publication of business data acquired by a Designated Statistical Agency shall occur in a manner whereby the data furnished by any particular respondent are not in identifiable form. ‘‘(e) DESIGNATED STATISTICAL AGENCY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘Designated Statistical Agency’ means each of the following: ‘‘(1) The Census Bureau of the Department of Commerce. ‘‘(2) The Bureau of Economic Analysis of the Department of Commerce. ‘‘(3) The Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, as amended by proceeding provisions of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
PROTECTION AND STATISTICAL EFFICIENCY  ‘‘PARTA—G ENERAL  ‘‘3561. Definitions. ‘‘3562. Coordination and oversight of policies. ‘‘3563. Statistical agencies. ‘‘3564. Effect on other laws. ‘‘PARTB—C ONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  PROTECTION  ‘‘3571. Findings. ‘‘3572. Confidential information protection. ‘‘PARTC—S TATISTICAL EFFICIENCY  ‘‘3575. Findings. ‘‘3576. Designated statistical agencies.’’. (c) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) REPEAL OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  
2002.—Title V of the E–Government Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–347; 44 U.S.C. 3501 note) is repealed (and the table of contents of such Act shall be conformed accordingly). (2) TITLE 13 , UNITED STATES CODE .—Section 402 of title 13, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the Confidential Information Protection and Statistical Efficiency Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3576(e) of title 44’’. (3) TITLE 49 , UNITED STATES CODE .—Title 49, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 6302(d)(4), by striking ‘‘the Confidential Information’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘section 3572 of title 44.’’; and (B) in section 6314(d)(2), by striking ‘‘the Confidential Information’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘section 3572 of title 44.’’. (4) ACT OF JANUARY 27 , 1938.—The first section of the Act of January 27, 1938, entitled ‘‘An Act to make confidential certain information furnished to the Bureau of Foreign and Domestic Commerce, and for other purposes’’ (52 Stat. 8, chapter 11; 15 U.S.C. 176a), is amended by striking ‘‘the Confidential Information Protection and Statistical Efficiency Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘subchapter III of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code’’. (5) FIXING AMERICA ’S SURFACE TRANSPOR TATION ACT .—Section 7308(e)(2) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act (Public Law 114–94; 49 U.S.C. 20155 note) is amended by striking ‘‘the Confidential Information Protection and Statistical Efficiency Act of 2002 (44 U.S.C. 3501 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3572 of title 44, United States Code’’. (d) TRANSITIONAL AND SAVINGS PROVISIONS .— (1) CUTOFF DATE .—This title replaces certain provisions of law enacted on December 17, 2002. If a law enacted after that date amends or repeals a provision replaced by this title, that law is deemed to amend or repeal, as the case may be, the corresponding provision enacted by this title. If a law enacted after that date is otherwise inconsistent with this title, it supersedes this title to the extent of the inconsistency. (2) ORIGINAL DATE OF ENACTMENT UN CHANGED .—For purposes of determining whether one provision of law supersedes another based on enactment later in time, the date of the enactment of a provision enacted by this title is deemed to be the date of the enactment of the provision it replaced. (3) REFERENCES TO PROVISIONS REPLACED .—A reference to a provision of law replaced by this title, including a reference in a regulation, order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the corresponding provision enacted by this title. (4) REGULATIONS , ORDERS , AND OTHER ADMIN ISTRATIVE ACTIONS .—A regulation, order, or other administrative action in effect under a provision of law replaced by this title continues in effect under the corresponding provision enacted by this title. (5) ACTIONS TAKEN AND OFFENSES COM MITTED .—An action taken or an offense committed under a provision of law replaced by this title is deemed to have been taken or committed under the corresponding provision enacted by this title. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter III of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, as added by section 302, is amended by adding at the end the following new part: ‘‘PART D—ACCESS TO DATA FOR EVIDENCE ‘‘§ 3581. Presumption of accessibility for statistical agencies and units ‘‘(a) ACCESSIBILITY OF DATA ASSETS .—The head of an agency shall, to the extent practicable, make any data asset maintained by the agency available, upon request, to any statistical agency or unit for purposes of developing evidence. 
‘‘(b) L IMITATIONS .—Subsection (a) does not apply to any data asset that is subject to a statute that— ‘‘(1) prohibits the sharing or intended use of such asset in a manner as to leave no discretion on the issue; or ‘‘(2) if enacted after the date of the enactment of this section, specifically cites to this paragraph. ‘‘(c) REGULATIONS .—The Director shall prescribe regulations for agencies to carry out this section. Such regulations shall— ‘‘(1) require the timely provision of data assets under subsection (a); ‘‘(2) provide a list of statutes that exempt agencies from the requirement under subsection (a) pursuant to subsection (b)(1); ‘‘(3) establish clear and consistent standards, to the extent possible, for complying with section 552a of title 5 (commonly known as the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’) and any other applicable law requiring the protection and confidentiality of individually identifiable information; and ‘‘(4) require a transparent process for statistical agencies and units to request data assets from agencies and for agencies to respond to such requests. ‘‘(d) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as altering existing intellectual property rights or the terms of any contract or other binding, written agreement. ‘‘§ 3582. Expanding secure access to CIPSEA data assets ‘‘(a) STATISTICAL AGENCY RESPONSIBILITIES .— To the extent practicable, each statistical agency or unit shall expand access to data assets of such agency or unit acquired or accessed under this subchapter to develop evidence while protecting such assets from inappropriate access and use, in accordance with the regulations promulgated under subsection (b). ‘‘(b) REGULATIONS FOR ACCESSIBILITY OF NONPUBLIC DATAASSETS .—The Director shall promulgate regulations, in accordance with applicable law, for statistical agencies and units to carry out the requirement under subsection (a). Such regulations shall include the following: ‘‘(1) Standards for each statistical agency or unit to assess each data asset owned or accessed by the statistical agency or unit for purposes of categorizing the sensitivity level of each such asset and identifying the corresponding level of accessibility to each such asset. Such standards shall include— ‘‘(A) common sensitivity levels and corresponding levels of accessibility that may be assigned to a data asset, including a requisite minimum and maximum number of sensitivity levels for each statistical agency or unit to use; ‘‘(B) criteria for determining the sensitivity level and corresponding level of accessibility of each data asset; and ‘‘(C) criteria for determining whether a less sensitive and more accessible version of a data asset can be produced. ‘‘(2) Standards for each statistical agency or unit to improve access to a data asset pursuant to paragraph (1) or (3) by removing or obscuring information in such a manner that the identity of the data subject is less likely to be reasonably inferred by either direct or indirect means. ‘‘(3) A requirement for each statistical agency or unit to conduct a comprehensive risk assessment of any data asset acquired or accessed under this subchapter prior to any public release of such asset, including standards for such comprehensive risk assessment and criteria for making a determination of whether to release the data. ‘‘(4) Requirements for each statistical agency or unit to make any process or assessment established, produced, or conducted pursuant to this section transparent and easy to understand, including the following: ‘‘(A) A requirement to make information on the assessment of the sensitivity level of each data asset conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) available on the Federal data catalogue established under section 3511(c)(1). ‘‘(B) A requirement to make any comprehensive risk assessment, and associated determinations, conducted under paragraph (3) available on the Federal data catalogue established under section 3511(c)(1). ‘‘(C) A requirement to make any standard or policy established by the statistical agency or unit to carry out this section and any assessment conducted under this section easily accessible on the public website of such agency or unit. ‘‘(c) RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTOR .—The Director shall— ‘‘(1) make public all standards and policies established under this section; and ‘‘(2) ensure that statistical agencies and units have the ability to make information public on the Federal data catalogue established under section 3511(c)(1), in accordance with requirements established pursuant to subsection (b). ‘‘§ 3583. Application to access data assets for developing evidence ‘‘(a) STANDARD APPLICATION PROCESS .—The Director shall establish a process through which agencies, the Congressional Budget Office, State, local, and Tribal governments, researchers, and other individuals, as appropriate, may apply to access the data assets accessed or acquired under this subchapter by a statistical agency or unit for purposes of developing evidence. The process shall include the following: ‘‘(1) Sufficient detail to ensure that each statistical agency or unit establishes an identical process. ‘‘(2) A common application form. ‘‘(3) Criteria for statistical agencies and units to determine whether to grant an applicant access to a data asset. ‘‘(4) Timeframes for prompt determinations by each statistical agency or unit. ‘‘(5) An appeals process for adverse decisions and noncompliance with the process established under this subsection. ‘‘(6) Standards for transparency, including requirements to make the following information publicly available: ‘‘(A) Each application received. ‘‘(B) The status of each application. ‘‘(C) The determination made for each application. ‘‘(D) Any other information, as appropriate, to ensure full transparency of the process established under this subsection. ‘‘(b) CONSULTATION .—In establishing the process required under subsection (a), the Director shall consult with stakeholders, including the public, agencies, State and local governments, and representatives of nongovernmental researchers. ‘‘(c) IMPLEMENTATION .—The head of each statistical agency or unit shall implement the process established under subsection (a).’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, as amended by preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘PARTD—A CCESS TO DATA FOR EVIDENCE  ‘‘3581. Presumption of accessibility for statistical agencies and units. ‘‘3582. Expanding secure access to CIPSEA data assets. ‘‘3583. Application to access data assets for developing evidence.’’. (c) DEADLINE FOR GUIDANCE AND IMPLEMEN TATION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall promulgate or issue any regulation or guidance required by subchapter III of title 44, United States Code, as amended by this section, with a requirement for such regulation or guidance to be implemented not later than 1 year after the date on which such regulation or guidance has been promulgated or issued. TITLE IV—GENERAL PROVISIONS SEC. 401. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, may be construed— (1) to require the disclosure of information or records that are exempt from disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’); (2) to create or expand an exemption from disclosure under such section; (3) to override, limit, or otherwise affect intellectual property rights, including rights under titles 17 and 35, United States Code; (4) to affect the authority of a Federal agency regarding the use, disclosure, or licensing of— (A) confidential business information that could be withheld under section 552(b)(4) of title 5, United States Code; or (B) data assets restricted from disclosure under a contract or other binding, written agreement; or (5) to affect the independence, responsibilities, or work products of an Inspector General of any agency. 
To the extent practicable, the head of each agency shall use existing procedures and systems to carry out agency requirements and shall select existing employees for appointments under this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
Except as otherwise provided, this Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Foundations for EvidenceBased Policymaking Act sponsored by Speaker RYANwould improve government data collection and transparency, while bolstering privacy protections, to better inform policymaking. This bill previously passed the House on suspension. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The Foundations of EvidenceBased Policymaking Act, as amended, would establish a framework to support greater access and use of government data. I thank Speaker RYAN, Senator M URRAY, and Representative K ILMER for their constructive and collaborative bipartisan work on this issue. The goal of the bill is to ensure that Congress and the executive branch are able to make important policy decisions based on evidence, facts, and science. 
We are in very strong support of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 4174. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
GOOD ACCOUNTING OBLIGATION IN GOVERNMENT ACT Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2276) to require agencies to submit reports on outstanding recommendations in the annual budget justification submitted to Congress. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2276 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Good Accounting Obligation in Government Act’’ or the ‘‘GAO–IG Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REPORTS ON OUTSTANDING GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE AND INSPECTOR GENERAL RECOMMENDATIONS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘agency’’ means— (1) a designated Federal entity, as defined in section 8G(a)(2) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); (2) an establishment, as defined in section 12(2) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); and (3) legislative branch agencies, including the Government Publishing Office, the Library of Congress, the Office of the Architect of the Capitol, and the United States Capitol Police. (b) REQUIRED REPORTS .—In the annual budget justification submitted to Congress, as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, each agency shall include— (1) a report listing each public recommendation of the Government Accountability Office that is designated by the Government Accountability Office as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’ for a period of not less than 1 year preceding the date on which the annual budget justification is submitted; (2) a report listing each public recommendation for corrective action from the Office of Inspector General of the agency that— (A) was published not less than 1 year before the date on which the annual budget justification is submitted; and (B) for which no final action was taken as of the date on which the annual budget justification is submitted; and (3) a report on the implementation status of each public recommendation described in paragraphs (1) and (2), which shall include— (A) with respect to a public recommendation that is designated by the Government Accountability Office as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’— (i) that the agency has decided not to implement, a detailed justification for the decision; or (ii) that the agency has decided to adopt, a timeline for full implementation, to the extent practicable, if the agency determines that the recommendation has clear budget implications; (B) with respect to a public recommendation for corrective action from the Office of Inspector General of the agency for which no final action or action not recommended has been taken, an explanation of the reasons why no final action or action not recommended was taken with respect to each audit report to which the public recommendation for corrective action pertains; (C) with respect to an outstanding unimplemented public recommendation from the Office of Inspector General of the agency that the agency has decided to adopt, a timeline for implementation; (D) an explanation for any discrepancy between— (i) the reports submitted under paragraphs (1) and (2); (ii) the semiannual reports submitted by the Office of Inspector General of the agency under section 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); and (iii) reports submitted by the Government Accountability Office relating to public recommendations that are designated by the Government Accountability Office as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’; and (E) for the first 12 months after a public recommendation is made, if the agency is determining whether to implement the public recommendation, a statement describing that the agency is doing so, which shall exempt the agency from the requirements under subparagraphs (B) and (C) with respect to that public recommendation. (c) COPIES OF SUBMISSIONS .—Each agency shall provide a copy of the information submitted under subsection (b) to the Government Accountability Office and the Office of Inspector General of the agency. 
Section 720(b) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘61st’’ and inserting ‘‘181st’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘60’’ and inserting ‘‘180’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Good Accounting Obligation in Government, or GAOIG, Act would improve transparency and oversight of the executive branch. This bill enjoys bipartisan support. I urge all Members to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I support the bill, which is designed to promote the transparency and accountability of Federal agencies. It would require agencies to include in their budget justifications to Congress a summary of the recommendations made by GAO or the agency’s inspector general in the prior year. Agencies also would be required to explain what steps they are actually taking to address these recommendations by GAO or their IG or, if they disagree with those recommendations, why. The GAO and inspectors general provide critical oversight of the executive branch of government and provide Congress with invaluable assistance in helping hold any Presidential administration accountable for its actions and policies. Knowing what agencies are doing or not doing to address GAO and IG recommendations will definitely assist us in Congress in conducting our constitutional oversight responsibilities. This is a commonsense measure that all Members should support. I am delighted to advance it on a bipartisan basis. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2276. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
FEDERAL PERSONAL PROPERTY MANAGEMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3031) to amend chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code, to improve the management of Federal personal property. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3031 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Personal Property Management Act of 2018’’. 
(a) I NVENTORY ASSESSING AND IDENTIFYING  EXCESS PERSONAL PROPERTY .—Section 524(a) of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; 
(2) in paragraph (12), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) in accordance with guidance from the Administrator of General Services— ‘‘(A) on an annual basis, conduct an inventory and assessment of capitalized personal property to identify excess capitalized personal property under its control, including evaluating— ‘‘(i) the age and condition of the personal property; ‘‘(ii) the extent to which the executive agency utilizes the personal property; ‘‘(iii) the extent to which the mission of the executive agency is dependent on the personal property; and ‘‘(iv) any other aspect of the personal property that the Administrator determines is useful or necessary for the executive agency to evaluate; and ‘‘(B) on a regular basis, conduct an inventory and assessment of accountable personal property under its control, including evaluating— ‘‘(i) the age and condition of the personal property; ‘‘(ii) the extent to which the executive agency utilizes the personal property; ‘‘(iii) the extent to which the mission of the executive agency is dependent on the personal property; and ‘‘(iv) any other aspect of the personal property that the Administrator determines is useful or necessary for the executive agency to evaluate.’’. (b) THRESHOLDS FOR CAPITALIZATION AND  ACCOUNTABILITY .—Section 506(a)(1) of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) CAPITALIZATION THRESHOLDS .—Estab lish thresholds for acquisitions of personal property for which executive agencies shall capitalize the personal property. ‘‘(F) ACCOUNTABILITY THRESHOLDS .—Not withstanding section 121(b), for the management and accountability of personal property, establish thresholds for acquisitions of personal property for which executive agencies shall establish and maintain property records in a centralized system.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Federal Personal Property Management Act of 2018 would improve inventories and accounting of Federal Government property bought with taxpayer dollars. This bill has bipartisan support. I urge all Members to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am rising in support of the Federal Personal Property Management Act, which would improve the accountability of unneeded equipment, furniture, and information technology resources at Federal agencies. It may be an appropriate time for us to take up this bill, given all the furniture strewn throughout the floors of the House of Representatives. The GAO recently found that most agencies do not have procedures in place to identify unneeded personal property on a regular basis. The GSA has issued regulations establishing a governmentwide excess property disposal process, but it lacks the authority to tell agencies how or when to identify excess property. As a result, agencies retain unneeded property that could be used elsewhere in the Federal Government, at State or local governments, or in the private sector. b0930 The report also found there is a wide variation in how Federal agencies classify according to value, which makes it difficult to measure the total value of the government’s personal property holdings. The Federal Personal Property Management Act would direct Federal agencies to assess and inventory more valuable property assets once a year and assets of lower value on a regular basis, according to guidance issued by GSA. Requiring agencies to regularly inventory their excess property should spur agencies to declare excess property more often, allowing for its disposal. The bill also would give the GSA authority to establish a uniform standard for how agencies assess their most valuable property, allowing for a better understanding and use of its value. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3031. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
PERMISSION TO REDUCE TIME FOR ELECTRONIC VOTING DURING PROCEEDINGS TODAY Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that during further proceedings today in the House, the Chair be authorized to reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for electronic voting on any question that otherwise could be subjected to 5minute voting under clause 8 or 9 of rule XX. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. f 
CIVIL RIGHTS COLD CASE RECORDS COLLECTION ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3191) to provide for the expeditious disclosure of records related to civil rights cold cases, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3191 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Civil Rights Cold Case Records Collection Act of 2018’’. 
In this Act: (1) ARCHIVIST .—The term ‘‘Archivist’’ means the Archivist of the United States. (2) CIVIL RIGHTS COLD CASE .—The term ‘‘civil rights cold case’’ means any unsolved case— (A) arising out of events which occurred during the period beginning on January 1, 1940 and ending on December 31, 1979; and (B) related to— (i) section 241 of title 18, United States Code (relating to conspiracy against rights); (ii) section 242 of title 18, United States Code (relating to deprivation of rights under color of law); (iii) section 245 of title 18, United States Code (relating to federally protected activities); (iv) sections 1581 and 1584 of title 18, United States Code (relating to peonage and involuntary servitude); (v) section 901 of the Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 3631); or (vi) any other Federal law that was— (I) in effect on or before December 31, 1979; and (II) enforced by the criminal section of the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice before the date of enactment of this Act. (3) CIVIL RIGHTS COLD CASE RECORD .—The term ‘‘civil rights cold case record’’ means a record that— (A) is related to a civil rights cold case; and (B) was created or made available for use by, obtained by, or otherwise came into the possession of— (i) the Library of Congress; (ii) the National Archives; (iii) any executive agency; (iv) any independent agency; (v) any other entity of the Federal Government; or (vi) any State or local government, or component thereof, that provided support or assistance or performed work in connection with a Federal inquiry into a civil rights cold case. (4) COLLECTION .—The term ‘‘Collection’’ means the Civil Rights Cold Case Records Collection established under section 3. (5) EXECUTIVE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘executive agency’’ means an agency, as defined in section 552(f) of title 5, United States Code. (6) GOVERNMENT OFFICE .—The term ‘‘Government office’’ means any office of the Federal Government that has possession or control of 1 or more civil rights cold case records. 
(7) G OVERNMENT OFFICIAL .—The term ‘‘Government official’’ means any officer or employee of the United States, including elected and appointed officials. (8) NATIONAL ARCHIVES .—The term ‘‘National Archives’’ means the National Archives and Records Administration and all components thereof, including Presidential archival depositories established under section 2112 of title 44, United States Code. (9) OFFICIAL INVESTIGATION .—The term ‘‘official investigation’’ means the review of a civil rights cold case conducted by any entity of the Federal Government either independently, at the request of any Presidential commission or congressional committee, or at the request of any Government official. (10) ORIGINATING BODY .—The term ‘‘originating body’’ means the executive agency, Government commission, congressional committee, or other Governmental entity that created a record or particular information within a record. (11) PUBLIC INTEREST .—The term ‘‘public interest’’ means the compelling interest in the prompt public disclosure of civil rights cold case records for historical and Governmental purposes and for the purpose of fully informing the people of the United States about the history surrounding all civil rights cold cases in the United States. (12) RECORD .—The term ‘‘record’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3301 of title 44, United States Code. (13) REVIEW BOARD .—The term ‘‘Review Board’’ means the Civil Rights Cold Case Records Review Board established under section 5. 
SEC. 3. CIVIL RIGHTS COLD CASE RECORDS COLLECTION AT THE NATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORD ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) ESTABLISHMENT OF THE CIVIL RIGHTS  
COLD CASE RECORDS COLLECTION .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Archivist shall— (A) commence establishing a collection of civil rights cold case records to be known as the ‘‘Civil Rights Cold Case Records Collection’’ that ensures the physical integrity and original provenance of all records in the Collection; (B) commence preparing and publishing the subject guidebook and index to the Collection; and (C) establish criteria for Government offices to follow when transmitting copies of civil rights cold case records to the Archivist, to include required metadata. (2) CONTENTS OF COLLECTION .—The Collection shall include— (A) a copy of each civil rights cold case record— (i) that has not been transmitted to the Archivist, which shall be transmitted to the Archivist in accordance with section 2107 of title 44, United States Code, by the entity described in section 2(3)(B) in possession of the civil rights cold case record, except in the case of a State or local government; (ii) that has been transmitted to the Archivist or disclosed to the public in an unredacted form before the date of the enactment of this Act; (iii) that is required to be transmitted to the Archivist; or (iv) the disclosure of which is postponed under this Act; and (B) all Review Board records, as required under this Act. (b) DISCLOSURE OF RECORDS .—All civil rights cold case records transmitted to the Archivist for disclosure to the public— (1) shall be included in the Collection; (2) not later than 60 days after the transmission of the record to the Archivist, shall be available to the public for inspection and copying at the National Archives; and (3) shall be prioritized for digitization by the National Archives. (c) FEES FOR COPYING .—The Archivist shall— (1) use efficient electronic means when possible; (2) charge fees for copying civil rights cold case records; and (3) grant waivers of such fees pursuant to the standard established under section 552(a)(4) of title 5, United States Code. (d) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—The Archivist shall ensure the security of civil rights cold case records in the Collection for which disclosure is postponed. (e) TRANSMISSION TO THE NATIONAL ARCHIVES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), each Government office shall, in accordance with the criteria established by the Archivist under subsection (a)(1)(C)— (A) as soon as is reasonably practicable, and in any event not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, transmit to the Archivist, for the Archivist to make available to the public in accordance with subsection (b), a copy of each civil rights cold case record that can be publicly disclosed, including any such record that is publicly available on the date of enactment of this Act, without any redaction, adjustment, or withholding under the standards of this Act; and (B) transmit to the Archivist upon approval for postponement by the Review Board or upon completion of other action authorized by this Act, a copy of each civil rights cold case record for which public disclosure has been postponed, in whole or in part, under the standards of this Act, to become part of the protected Collection. (2) REOPENING OF CASES .—If, not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General submits to the Archivist a certification that the Attorney General intends to reopen and pursue prosecution of the civil rights cold case to which a civil rights cold case record relates, the Attorney General shall transmit to the Archivist the civil rights cold case record in accordance with paragraph (1)— (A) not later than 90 days after— (i) final judgment is entered in the proceedings relating to the civil rights cold case; or (ii) proceedings relating to the civil rights cold case are dismissed with prejudice; or (B) not later than the date that is 1 year after the date on which the Attorney General submits to the Archivist the certification, if an indictment or information has not been filed with respect to the civil rights cold case. (f) PERIODIC REVIEW OF POSTPONED CIVIL RIGHTS COLDCASERECORDS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Each civil rights cold case record that is redacted or for which public disclosure is postponed shall be reviewed not later than December 31 each year by the entity submitting the record and the Archivist, consistent with the recommendations of the Review Board under section 7(c)(3)(B). (2) REQUIREMENTS OF PERIODIC REVIEW .— The periodic review under paragraph (1) shall address the public disclosure of additional civil rights cold case records in the Collection under the standards of this Act. (3) UNCLASSIFIED WRITTEN DESCRIPTION .— Any civil rights cold case record for which postponement of public disclosure is continued shall include an unclassified written description of the reason for such continued postponement, which shall be provided to the Archivist and made available on a publicly accessible website upon the determination to continue the postponement. (4) FULL DISCLOSURE OF CIVIL RIGHTS COLD  
CASE RECORD REQUIRED .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Each civil rights cold case record that is not publicly disclosed in full as of the date on which the Review Board terminates under section 5(n) shall be publicly disclosed in full and available in the Collection not later than 25 years after the date of enactment of this Act unless— (i) the head of the originating body, an executive agency, or other Government office recommends in writing the exemption of the record or information, the release of which would clearly and demonstrably be expected to— (I) cause identifiable or describable damage to national security, military defense, law enforcement, intelligence operations, or the conduct of foreign relations that is of such gravity that it outweighs the public interest in disclosure; or (II) reveal information described in paragraphs (1) through (9) of section 3.3(b) of Executive Order 13526 (75 Fed. Reg. 707; relating to classified national security information); (ii) the written recommendation described in clause (i)— (I) is provided to the Archivist not later than 180 days before the date that is 25 years after the date of enactment of this Act; and (II) includes— (aa) a justification of the recommendation to postpone disclosure; and (bb) a recommended specified time at which or a specified occurrence following which the material may be appropriately disclosed to the public under this Act; and (iii) the Archivist agrees with the written recommendation described in clause (i). (B) NOTIFICATION .—If the Archivist does not agree with the recommendation described in subparagraph (A)(i), the Archivist shall notify the head of the originating body, executive agency, or other Government office making the recommendation not later than 90 days before the date that is 25 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (g) DIGITIZATION OF RECORDS .—Each executive agency shall make text searchable documents available to the Review Board pursuant to standards established under section 552(a)(3) of title 5, United States Code. (h) NOTICE REGARDING PUBLIC DISCLO SURE .— (1) FINDING .—Congress finds that the public release of caserelated documents and information without notice may significantly affect the victims of the events to which the case relates and their next of kin. (2) NOTICE .—Not later than 7 days before a civil rights cold case record is publicly disclosed, the executive agency releasing the civil rights cold case record, in coordination with the Government office that had possession or control of the civil rights cold case record, shall take all reasonable efforts to provide the civil rights cold case record to the victims of the events to which the civil rights cold case record relates, or their next of kin. 
SEC. 4. GROUNDS FOR POSTPONEMENT OF PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF RECORDS. 
Disclosure of civil rights cold case records or particular information within a civil rights cold case record to the public may be postponed subject to the limitations of this Act if disclosure would clearly and demonstrably be expected to— (1)(A) cause identifiable or describable damage to national security, military defense, law enforcement, intelligence operations, or the conduct of foreign relations that is of such gravity that it outweighs the public interest in disclosure; or (B) reveal information described in paragraphs (1) through (9) of section 3.3(b) of Executive Order 13526 (75 Fed. Reg. 707; relating to classified national security information); 
(2)(A) reveal the name or identity of a living individual who provided confidential information to the United States; and (B) pose a substantial risk of harm to that individual; (3) constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy; (4)(A) compromise the existence of an understanding of confidentiality currently requiring protection between a Government agent and a cooperating individual or group; and (B) be so harmful that the understanding of confidentiality outweighs the public interest; (5) endanger the life or physical safety of any individual; or (6) interfere with ongoing law enforcement proceedings. 
SEC. 5. ESTABLISHMENT AND POWERS OF THE CIVIL RIGHTS COLD CASE RECORDS REVIEW BOARD. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established, as an independent agency, a board to be known as the Civil Rights Cold Case Records Review Board. (b) APPOINTMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The President shall appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, 5 individuals to serve as members of the Review Board, to ensure and facilitate the review, transmission to the Archivist, and public disclosure of civil rights cold case records. (2) INITIAL APPOINTMENT .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Initial appointments to the Review Board shall, so far as practicable, be made not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (B) RECOMMENDATIONS .—In making appointments to the Review Board, the President may consider any individuals recommended by the American Historical Association, the Organization of American Historians, the Society of American Archivists, and the American Bar Association. (C) EXTENSION .—If an organization described in subparagraph (B) does not recommend at least 2 nominees meeting the qualifications stated in paragraph (3) within 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the deadline under subparagraph (A) shall be extended until the earlier of 60 days after the date on which such recommendations are made or 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (D) ADDITIONAL RECOMMENDATIONS .—The President may request that any organization described in subparagraph (B) submit additional recommended nominees. (3) QUALIFICATIONS .—Individuals nominated to the Review Board shall— (A) not have had any previous involvement with any official investigation or inquiry conducted by the Federal Government, or any State or local government, relating to any civil rights cold case; (B) be distinguished individuals of high national professional reputation in their respective fields who are capable of exercising the independent and objective judgment necessary to fulfill their role in ensuring and facilitating the review, transmission to the public, and public disclosure of files related to civil rights cold cases and who possess an appreciation of the value of such material to the public, scholars, and government; and (C) include at least 1 professional historian and 1 attorney. (c) SECURITY CLEARANCES .—All Review Board nominees shall be processed for the necessary security clearances in an accelerated manner by the appropriate Federal agencies and subject to the standard procedures for granting such clearances. (d) VACANCY .—A vacancy on the Review Board shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment within 60 days of the occurrence of the vacancy. (e) CHAIRPERSON .—The members of the Review Board shall elect 1 of the members as chairperson. (f) REMOVAL OF REVIEW BOARD MEMBER .— (1) IN GENERAL .—No member of the Review Board shall be removed from office, other than— (A) by impeachment and conviction; or (B) by the action of the President for inefficiency, neglect of duty, malfeasance in office, physical disability, mental incapacity, or any other condition that substantially impairs the performance of the member’s duties. (2) REPORT .— (A) IN GENERAL .—If a member of the Review Board is removed from office, and that removal is by the President, not later than 10 days after the removal, the President shall submit to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report specifying the facts found and the grounds for the removal. (B) PUBLICATION .—The President shall publish in the Federal Register a report submitted under subparagraph (A), except that the President may, if necessary to protect the rights of a person named in the report or to prevent undue interference with any pending prosecution, postpone or refrain from publishing any or all of the report until the completion of such pending cases or pursuant to privacy protection requirements in law. (3) JUDICIAL REVIEW .— (A) IN GENERAL .—A member of the Review Board removed from office may obtain judicial review of the removal in a civil action commenced in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. (B) RELIEF .—The member may be reinstated or granted other appropriate relief by order of the court. (g) COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—A member of the Review Board shall be compensated at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which the member is engaged in the performance of the duties of the Review Board. (2) TRAVEL EXPENSES .—A member of the Review Board shall be allowed reasonable travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates for employees of agencies under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from the member’s home or regular place of business in the performance of services for the Review Board. (h) DUTIES OF THE REVIEW BOARD .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Review Board shall consider and render decisions on a determination by a Government office to seek to postpone the disclosure of civil rights cold case records. (2) DECISIONS .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Review Board shall consider and render decisions on— (A) whether a record constitutes a civil rights cold case record; and (B) whether a civil rights cold case record or particular information in a record qualifies for postponement of disclosure under this Act. (i) POWERS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Review Board shall have the authority to act in a manner prescribed under this Act including the authority to— (A) obtain access to civil rights cold case records that have been identified and organized by a Government office; (B) direct a Government office to make available to the Review Board, and if necessary investigate the facts surrounding, additional information, records, or testimony from individuals, which the Review Board has reason to believe is required to fulfill its functions and responsibilities under this Act; (C) subpoena private persons to compel the production of documents and other records relevant to its responsibilities under this Act; (D) require any Government office to account in writing for the destruction of any records relating to civil rights cold cases; (E) receive information from the public regarding the identification and public disclosure of civil rights cold case records; and (F) hold hearings, administer oaths, and subpoena documents and other records. (2) ENFORCEMENT OF SUBPOENAS .—Any sub poena issued under this subsection may be enforced by any appropriate Federal court acting pursuant to a lawful request of the Review Board. (j) WITNESS IMMUNITY .—The Review Board shall be considered to be an agency of the United States for purposes of chapter 601 of title 18, United States Code. (k) OVERSIGHT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate shall have continuing oversight jurisdiction with respect to the official conduct of the Review Board and the disposition of postponed records after termination of the Review Board, and shall have access to any records held or created by the Review Board. (2) COOPERATION OF REVIEW BOARD .—The Review Board shall have a duty to cooperate with the exercise of the oversight jurisdiction described in paragraph (1). (l) SUPPORT SERVICES .—The Administrator of General Services shall provide administrative services for the Review Board on a reimbursable basis. (m) INTERPRETIVE REGULATIONS .—The Re view Board may issue interpretive regulations. (n) TERMINATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Review Board shall terminate not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act, except that the Review Board may, by majority vote, extend its term for an additional 1year period if the Review Board has not completed its work within that 4year period. (2) REPORTS .—Before its termination, the Review Board shall submit reports to the President and the Congress, including a complete and accurate accounting of expenditures during its existence, and shall complete all other reporting requirements under this Act. (3) TRANSFER OF RECORDS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Upon termination, the Review Board shall transfer all of its records to the Archivist for inclusion in the Collection. (B) PRESERVATION OF RECORDS .—The records of the Review Board shall not be destroyed, except that the Archivist may destroy routine administrative records covered by a general records schedule following notification in the Federal Register and after considering comments. 
(a) C HIEF OF STAFF .— (1) APPOINTMENT .—Not later than 45 days after the initial meeting of the Review 
Board, and without regard to political affiliation, the Review Board shall appoint an individual to the position of Chief of Staff of the Review Board. (2) REQUIREMENTS .—The individual appointed as Chief of Staff— (A) shall be a citizen of the United States of integrity and impartiality who is a distinguished professional; and (B) shall have had no previous involvement with any official investigation or inquiry relating to civil rights cold cases. (3) CANDIDATE TO HAVE CLEARANCES .—A candidate for Chief of Staff shall be granted the necessary security clearances in an accelerated manner subject to the standard procedures for granting such clearances. (4) APPROVAL CONTINGENT ON PRIOR CLEAR ANCE .—A candidate for Chief of Staff shall qualify for the necessary security clearance prior to being appointed by the Review Board. (5) DUTIES .—The Chief of Staff shall— (A) serve as principal liaison to Government offices; (B) be responsible for the administration and coordination of the Review Board’s review of records; (C) be responsible for the administration of all official activities conducted by the Review Board; and (D) have no authority to decide or determine whether any record shall be disclosed to the public or postponed for disclosure. (6) REMOVAL .—The Chief of Staff shall not be removed except upon a majority vote of the Review Board to remove the Chief of Staff for cause on the grounds of inefficiency, neglect of duty, malfeasance in office, physical disability, mental incapacity, or any other condition that substantially impairs the performance of the responsibilities of the Chief of Staff or the employees of the Review Board. (b) STAFF .— (1) ADDITIONAL PERSONNEL .—The Review Board may, in accordance with the civil service laws but without regard to civil service laws and regulations for appointments in the competitive service under subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, appoint and terminate additional employees as are necessary to enable the Review Board and its Chief of Staff to perform their duties. (2) REQUIREMENTS .—An individual appointed as an employee of the Review Board— (A) shall be a private citizen of integrity and impartiality; and (B) shall have had no previous involvement with any official investigation or inquiry relating to civil rights cold cases. (3) NOMINATIONS .—Before making an appointment pursuant to paragraph (1), the Review Board shall consider individuals recommended by the American Historical Association, the Organization of American Historians, the Society of American Archivists, and the American Bar Association. (4) SECURITY CLEARANCES .—A candidate shall qualify for the necessary security clearance prior to being appointed by the Review Board. (c) COMPENSATION .—The Review Board shall fix the compensation of the Chief of Staff and other employees in accordance with title 5, United States Code, except that the rate of pay for the Chief of Staff and other employees may not exceed the rate payable for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of that title. (d) ADVISORY COMMITTEES .—The Review Board may create advisory committees to assist in fulfilling the responsibilities of the Review Board under this Act. SEC. 7. REVIEW OF RECORDS BY THE REVIEW BOARD. 
(a) C USTODY OF RECORDS REVIEWED BY THE  BOARD .—Pending the outcome of the Review Board’s review activity, a Government office shall retain custody of a civil rights cold case record for purposes of preservation, security, and efficiency, unless— (1) the Review Board requires the physical transfer of records for reasons of conducting an independent and impartial review; or (2) such transfer is necessary for an administrative hearing or other official Review Board function. (b) STARTUP REQUIREMENTS .—The Review Board shall— (1) not later than 90 days after the date on which all members of the Review Board are appointed, publish a schedule for review of all civil rights cold case records in the Federal Register; and (2) not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act, begin its review of civil rights cold case records under this Act. (c) DETERMINATION OF THE REVIEW BOARD .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Review Board shall direct that copies of all civil rights cold case records be transmitted to the Archivist and disclosed to the public in the Collection in the absence of clear and convincing evidence that— (A) a Government record is not a civil rights cold case record; or (B) a Government record or particular information within a civil rights cold case record qualifies for postponement of public disclosure under this Act, which shall include consideration by the Review Board of relevant laws and policies protecting criminal records of juveniles. (2) POSTPONEMENT .—In approving postponement of public disclosure of a civil rights cold case record, the Review Board shall work to— (A) provide for the disclosure of segregable parts, substitutes, or summaries of such a record; and (B) determine, in consultation with the originating body and consistent with the standards for postponement under this Act, which of the following alternative forms of disclosure shall be made by the originating body: (i) Any reasonably segregable particular information in a civil rights cold case record. (ii) A substitute record for that information which is postponed. (iii) A summary of a civil rights cold case record. (3) REPORT .—With respect to each civil rights cold case record or particular information in civil rights cold case records the public disclosure of which is postponed under section 4, or for which only substitutions or summaries have been disclosed to the public, the Review Board shall create and transmit to the Archivist a report containing— (A) a description of actions by the Review Board, the originating body, the President, or any Government office (including a justification of any such action to postpone disclosure of any record or part of any record) and of any official proceedings conducted by the Review Board with regard to specific civil rights cold case records; and (B) a statement, based on a review of the proceedings and in conformity with the decisions reflected therein, designating a recommended specified time at which or a specified occurrence following which the material may be appropriately disclosed to the public under this Act. (4) NOTICE .—Not later than 14 days after the Review Board makes a determination that a civil rights cold case record shall be publicly disclosed in the Collection or postponed for disclosure and held in the protected Collection, the Review Board shall notify the head of the originating body of its determination and publish a copy of the determination in the Federal Register. (5) OTHER NOTICE .—Contemporaneous notice shall be made to the President of Review Board determinations regarding executive branch civil rights cold case records, and to the oversight committees designated in this Act in the case of legislative branch records. Such notice shall contain an unclassified written justification for public disclosure or postponement of disclosure, including an explanation of the application of any standards under section 4. (d) PRESIDENTIAL AUTHORITY OVERREVIEW  BOARD DETERMINATION .— (1) PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OR POSTPONEMENT OF  
DISCLOSURE .—After the Review Board has made a formal determination concerning the public disclosure or postponement of disclosure of an executive branch civil rights cold case record or information contained in a civil rights cold case record, obtained or developed solely within the executive branch, the President shall have the sole and nondelegable authority to require the disclosure or postponement of such record or information under the standards set forth in section 4, and the President shall provide the Review Board with an unclassified written certification specifying the President’s decision within 30 days after the Review Board’s determination and notice to the executive agency as required under this Act, stating the justification for the President’s decision, including the applicable grounds for postponement under section 4. (2) PERIODIC REVIEW .—Any executive branch civil rights cold case record for which public disclosure is postponed by the President shall be subject to the requirements of periodic review and declassification of classified information and public disclosure in the Collection set forth in section 3. (3) RECORD OF PRESIDENTIAL POSTPONE MENT .—The Review Board shall, upon its receipt, publish in the Federal Register a copy of any unclassified written certification, statement, or other materials transmitted by or on behalf of the President with regard to postponement of the public disclosure of civil rights cold case records. (e) NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC .—On each day that is on or after the date that is 60 days after the Review Board first approves the postponement of disclosure of a civil rights cold case record, the Review Board shall publish on a publicly available website a notice that summarizes the postponements approved by the Review Board or initiated by the President, including a description of the subject, originating body, length or other physical description, and each ground for postponement that is relied upon. (f) REPORTS BY THE REVIEW BOARD .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Review Board shall report its activities to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, the Majority Leader of the Senate, the Minority Leader of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the President, the Archivist, and the head of any Government office whose records have been the subject of Review Board activity. (2) DEADLINES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and every year thereafter until termination of the Review Board, the Review Board shall issue a report under paragraph (1). (3) CONTENTS .—Each report under paragraph (1) shall include the following information: 
(A) A financial report of the expenses for all official activities and requirements of the Review Board and its employees. (B) The progress made on review, transmission to the Archivist, and public disclosure of civil rights cold case records. (C) The estimated time and volume of civil rights cold case records involved in the completion of the Review Board’s performance under this Act. (D) Any special problems, including requests and the level of cooperation of Government offices, with regard to the ability of the Review Board to operate as required by this Act. (E) A record of review activities, including a record of postponement decisions by the Review Board or other related actions authorized by this Act, and a record of the volume of records reviewed and postponed. (F) Recommendations and requests to Congress for additional authorization. (G) An appendix containing copies of reports of postponed records to the Archivist required under subsection (c)(3) made since the date of the preceding report under this subsection. (4) NOTICE OF TERMINATION .—Not later than 90 days before terminating, the Review Board shall provide written notice to the President and the Congress of its intention to terminate its operations at a specified date. 
SEC. 8. DISCLOSURE OF OTHER INFORMATION AND ADDITIONAL STUDY. 
(a) M ATERIALS UNDER THE SEAL OF THE  COURT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Review Board may request the Attorney General to petition any court in the United States or abroad to release any information relevant to civil rights cold cases that is held under seal of court. (2) GRAND JURY MATERIALS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Review Board may request the Attorney General to petition any court in the United States to release any information relevant to civil rights cold cases that is held under the injunction of secrecy of a grand jury. (B) PARTICULARIZED NEED .—A request for disclosure of civil rights cold case records under this Act shall be deemed to constitute a showing of particularized need under rule 6 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure. (3) DEADLINE .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Attorney General shall respond to any request that is subject to this subsection within 45 days. (B) NONDISCLOSURE OF GRAND JURY INFOR MATION .—If the Attorney General determines that information relevant to a civil rights cold case that is held under the injunction of secrecy of a grand jury should not be made public, the Attorney General shall set forth in the response to the request the reasons for the determination. (b) COOPERATION WITHAGENCIES .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Attorney General should assist the Review Board in good faith to unseal any records that the Review Board determines to be relevant and held under the seal by a court or under the injunction of secrecy of a grand jury; and (2) all departments and agencies of the United States Government should cooperate in full with the Review Board to seek the disclosure of all information relevant to civil rights cold cases consistent with the public interest. 
(a) P RECEDENCE OVEROTHER LAW.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), when this Act requires transmission of a record to the Archivist or public disclosure, it shall take precedence over any other law (except section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), judicial decisions construing such law, or common law doctrine that would otherwise prohibit such transmission or disclosure with the exception of deeds governing access to or transfer or release of gifts and donations of records to the United States Government. (2) PERSONNEL AND MEDICAL FILES .—This Act shall not require the public disclosure of information that is exempt from disclosure under section 552(b)(6) of title 5, United States Code. (b) FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT.—Noth ing in this Act shall be construed to eliminate or limit any right to file any requests with any executive agency or seek judicial review of the decisions under section 552 of title 5, United States Code. (c) JUDICIAL REVIEW .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to preclude judicial review, under chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code, of final actions taken or required to be taken under this Act. (d) EXISTING AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this Act revokes or limits the existing authority of the President, any executive agency, the Senate, the House of Representatives, or any other entity of the Government to publicly disclose records in its possession. 
Until such time as funds are appropriated to carry out this Act, the President shall use such sums as are available for discretionary use to carry out this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Civil Rights Cold Case Records Collection Act of 2018 would ensure the integrity of records of civil rights cold cases and ultimately allow public access to them. This important legislation has bipartisan support. I urge all Members to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I support S. 3191, the Civil Rights Cold Case Records Collection Act, which represents an important step toward finally solving more than 100 unresolved court cases in the civil rights field. The bill will establish a new civil rights cold case records collection and review board, so the public can review records related to these unsolved cases, with appropriate security and privacy safeguards. The bill will allow the expertise of outside investigators to help bring justice to the families and descendants and victims of these crimes. The bill also will provide a role for Congress in the appointments to this review board, to ensure proper expertise and accountability in the process. It is imperative that Congress appropriate sufficient funding to the National Archives and other agencies to carry out the important mission of this legislation. I urge all Members to support this bill and future funding measures for this endeavor. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 3191, the Civil Rights Cold Case Records Collection Act of 2018. I was delighted when Senator Jones introduced companion legislation to my bill, H.R. 1272, and I am even more excited to see that his bill has passed the Senate by unanimous consent and is now before the House. Mr. Speaker, with the passage of this legislation, families and communities that have waited too long for answers about the loss of loved ones during the tumultuous Civil Rights Era may finally have the chance for closure. Mr. Speaker, this bill came to fruition because of the hard work of a group of students from Hightstown High School in New Jersey and their teacher, Mr. Stuart Wexler. These dedicated students learned firsthand the legislative process, from drafting to markup, to where we stand today, floor passage. I thank them for their dedication to this cause and applaud them for their diligence. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3191. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a period of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 33 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b0945 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ) at 9 o’clock and 45 minutes a.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and missed the vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 474. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 474. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 474. 
AMENDING FEDERAL ASSETS SALE AND TRANSFER ACT OF 2016 TO ENSURE ADEQUATE TIME FOR PUBLIC BUILDINGS REFORM BOARD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7318) to amend the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to ensure that the Public Buildings Reform Board has adequate time to carry out the responsibilities of the Board, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 372, nays 2, not voting 58, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais 
Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Barr Black Blackburn Blum Brady (PA) Capuano Clarke (NY) Clay Collins (GA) Crowley Culberson Davis, Danny Denham Ellison Engel Goodlatte Gowdy Graves (GA) Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Holding Huffman Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Jones (NC) Keating Kind Lewis (MN) Lipinski Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Newhouse Noem Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Reed Rice (NY) Roby Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Scott, David Sensenbrenner SheaPorter Shuster Sinema Swalwell (CA) Taylor Thompson (MS) Trott Visclosky Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 474, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 475 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 476. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, on December 21, 2018, I was absent from the House and missed rollcall votes 474, 475, and 476. Had I been present for rollcall 474, on Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H. Res. 1063, Designating room H–226 of the United States Capitol as the ‘‘Lincoln Room’’, I would have voted ‘‘Yes.’’ Had I been present for rollcall 475, on Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 7318, To amend the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to ensure that the Public Buildings Reform Board has adequate time to carry out the responsibilities of the Board, and for other purposes, I would have voted ‘‘Yes.’’ Had I been present for rollcall 476, on Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 7319, To amend the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to provide flexibility with respect to the leaseback of certain Federal real property, and for other purposes, I would have voted ‘‘Yes.’’ 
MAKING TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO FRANK LoBIONDO COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7329) to make technical corrections to provisions of law enacted by the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 378, nays 2, not voting 52, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Black Blackburn Blum Brady (PA) Budd Capuano Clay Collins (GA) Crowley Culberson Davis, Danny Denham Ellison Goodlatte Gowdy Graves (GA) Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Holding Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Jones (NC) Keating Kind Lewis (MN) Lipinski Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Newhouse Noem Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Rice (NY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Royce (CA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner SheaPorter Shuster Sinema Swalwell (CA) Taylor Thompson (MS) Trott Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. MORELLE. Mr. Speaker, I regrettably missed the vote on S. 3191, the Civil Rights Cold Case Records Collection Act, on Friday, December 21, 2018. I had intended to vote ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 482. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 475, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 476, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 477, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 478, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 479, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 480, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 481, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 482. 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, due to unavoidable circumstances, I was physically absent from the House of Representatives on December 21, 2018. On that day, I missed 9 recorded votes. I submit for the RECORD how I would have voted had I been present for those votes. On Roll Call No. 474 on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, H.R. 1063, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ On Roll Call No. 475 on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, H.R. 7318, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ On Roll Call No. 476 on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, H.R. 7319, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ On Roll Call No. 477 on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, H.R. 7329, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ On Roll Call No. 478 on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, S. 3367, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ On Roll Call No. 479 on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, H.R. 7293, had I been present, would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ On Roll Call No. 480 on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, S. 2276, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye’’ On Roll Call No. 481 on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, S. 3031, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ On Roll Call No. 482 on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, S. 3191, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF WORLD WAR II COMMEMORATION ACT Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3661) to provide for a program of the Department of Defense to commemorate the 75th anniversary of World War II, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3661 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘75th Anniversary of World War II Commemoration Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PROGRAM TO COMMEMORATE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF WORLD WAR II. 
(a) C OMMEMORATIVE PROGRAM AUTHOR IZED.—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a program to commemorate the 75th anniversary of World War II. In conducting the commemorative program, the Secretary shall support and facilitate other programs and activities of the Federal Government, State and local governments, and notfor profit organizations in commemoration of the 75th anniversary of World War II. The Secretary shall conduct the commemorative program in accordance with applicable Department of Defense policy and using resources available to the Secretary, including amounts in the Fund under subsection (d). (b) COMMEMORATIVE ACTIVITIES AND OBJECTIVES .—The commemorative program may include activities and ceremonies to achieve the following objectives: (1) To thank and honor veterans of World War II, including personnel who were held as prisoners of war or listed as missing in action, for their service and sacrifice on behalf of the United States and to thank and honor the families of these veterans. (2) To educate the public about the history of World War II and highlight the service of the Armed Forces during World War II and the contributions of Federal agencies and governmental and nongovernmental organizations that served with, or in support of, the Armed Forces. (3) To pay tribute to the contributions made on the home front by the people of the United States during World War II. (4) To recognize the contributions and sacrifices made by the allies of the United States during World War II. (5) To remember the Holocaust, the annihilation of 6,000,000 Jews by the Nazi regime, and to pay tribute to the Allied troops who liberated Nazi concentration camps during World War II. (c) NAMES AND SYMBOLS .—The Secretary of Defense shall have the sole and exclusive right to use the name ‘‘The United States of America 75th Anniversary of World War II Commemoration’’, and such seal, emblems, and badges incorporating such name as the Secretary may lawfully adopt. Nothing in this section may be construed to supersede rights that are established or vested before the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) COMMEMORATIVE FUND.— (1) ESTABLISHMENT AND ADMINISTRATION .— Upon the Secretary establishing the commemorative program under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury shall establish in the Treasury of the United States an account to be known as the ‘‘Department of Defense World War II Commemoration Fund’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Fund’’). The Fund shall be administered by the Secretary of Defense. (2) USE OF FUND .—The Secretary of Defense shall use the assets of the Fund only for the purpose of conducting the commemorative program and providing grants to State and local governments and notforprofit organizations for commemorative activities, and shall prescribe such regulations regarding the use of the Fund as the Secretary considers to be necessary. (3) DEPOSITS .—The following shall be deposited into the Fund: (A) Amounts appropriated to the Fund. (B) Proceeds derived from the Secretary’s use of the exclusive rights described in subsection (c). (C) Donations made in support of the commemorative program by private and corporate donors. (D) Funds transferred to the Fund by the Secretary from funds appropriated for fiscal year 2019 and subsequent years for the Department of Defense. (4) AVAILABILITY .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (g)(2) and except as provided in subparagraph (B), amounts deposited under paragraph (3) shall constitute the assets of the Fund and remain available until expended. (B) EXCEPTION .—Amounts transferred to the Fund under paragraph (3)(D) from amounts appropriated for fiscal year 2019 may be obligated only during fiscal year 2019. (5) BUDGET REQUEST .—The Secretary of Defense may establish a separate budget line for the commemorative program. In the budget justification materials submitted by the Secretary in support of the budget of the President for any fiscal year for which the Secretary establishes the separate budget line, the Secretary shall— (A) identify and explain any amounts expended for the commemorative program in the fiscal year preceding the budget request; (B) identify and explain the amounts being requested to support the commemorative program for the fiscal year of the budget request; and (C) present a summary of the fiscal status of the Fund. (e) ACCEPTANCE OF VOLUNTARY SERVICES .— 
(1) A UTHORITY TO ACCEPT SERVICES .—Not withstanding section 1342 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense may accept from any person voluntary services to be provided in furtherance of the commemorative program. The Secretary of Defense shall prohibit the solicitation of any voluntary services if the nature or circumstances of such solicitation would compromise the integrity or the appearance of integrity of any program of the Department of Defense or of any individual involved in the program. (2) REIMBURSEMENT OF INCIDENTAL EX PENSES .—The Secretary may provide for reimbursement of incidental expenses incurred by a person providing voluntary services under this subsection. The Secretary shall determine which expenses are eligible for reimbursement under this paragraph. (f) CONSULTATION WITHDIRECTOR OF THE  UNITED STATES HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MUSEUM .—In designing the commemorative program conducted under this section, the Secretary of Defense shall consult with the Director of the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum. (g) FINAL REPORT .— (1) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the end of the commemorative program established by the Secretary of Defense under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report containing an accounting of— (A) all of the funds deposited into and expended from the Fund; (B) any other funds expended under this section; and (C) any unobligated funds remaining in the Fund. (2) TREATMENT OF UNOBLIGATED FUNDS .— Unobligated amounts remaining in the Fund as of the end of the commemorative period shall be held in the Fund until transferred by law. (h) LIMITATION ON EXPENDITURES .—Total expenditures from the Fund, using amounts appropriated to the Department of Defense, may not exceed $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 or for any subsequent fiscal year to carry out the commemorative program. (i) SUNSET .— (1) COMMEMORATIVE PROGRAM .—The commemorative program shall terminate on December 31, 2021. (2) FUND.—The Fund shall terminate 60 days after the termination of the commemorative program. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert in the RECORD extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Missouri? There was no objection. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan bill is going to ensure that the Federal Government plays a constructive role in helping to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the Allied victory in Europe and over Japan. In 2020, we expect a number of events and activities, including a flyover of The National Mall, to honor the sacrifices made by many to preserve the freedoms that we continue to enjoy today. The planning for these efforts is already underway, and having the Congress recognize the importance of these activities not only will send a message to the rest of the Federal Government, but, more importantly, to our veterans who have given everything to maintain our freedom. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of this legislation to establish a commemorative program to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the end of World War II in Europe. This was fundamentally a war for freedom and human rights. The victory of the Allies in the war and the contributions of America’s Armed Forces must never be forgotten. That is why commemorating this anniversary should be done in an extraordinary way. Commemorating this critical event in history will also allow us to recognize our World War II veterans who are still living. We must listen and learn from their stories while we are still able. I fear that knowledge of history is continuing to decline in our Nation. We must do all we can to make sure Americans never forget the lessons of World War II and all the sacrifices that were made to preserve freedom in the world. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important bill so we can preserve the memory of the American effort in World War II. I want to thank Mr. GRAVES for introducing this legislation, which is very important for remembering World War II and commemorating it on its 75th anniversary. I thank him for his work. I wish him a merry Christmas and look forward to working with him next Congress. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for all his hard work on this. This is an easy bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3661, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. f 
FREDERICK DOUGLASS TRAFFICKING VICTIMS PREVENTION AND PROTECTION REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2200) to reauthorize the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—COMBATING TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS IN THE UNITED STATES Subtitle A—Programs to Support Victims and Persons Vulnerable to Human Trafficking Sec. 101. Grants to assist in the recognition of trafficking. Sec. 102. Preventing future trafficking in the United States through receipt of complaints abroad. Sec. 103. Modification to grants for victims services. Subtitle B—Governmental Efforts to Prevent Human Trafficking Sec. 111. Required training to prevent human trafficking for certain contracting air carriers. Sec. 112. Ensuring United States procurement does not fund human trafficking. Sec. 113. Training course on human trafficking and government contracting. Sec. 114. Modifications to the Advisory Council on Human Trafficking. Sec. 115. Sense of Congress on the Senior Policy Operating Group. Sec. 116. Best practices to prevent forced child labor trafficking. Subtitle C—Preventing Trafficking in Persons in the United States Sec. 121. Demand reduction strategies in the United States. Sec. 122. Designation of a labor prosecutor to enhance State and local efforts to combat trafficking in persons. Sec. 123. Preventing human trafficking in foreign missions and diplomatic households. Sec. 124. Actions against significant traffickers in persons. Subtitle D—Monitoring Child, Forced, and Slave Labor Sec. 131. Sense of Congress. Sec. 132. Report on the enforcement of section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930. Sec. 133. Modification to list of childmade and slaverymade goods. TITLE II—FIGHTING HUMAN TRAFFICKING ABROAD Subtitle A—Efforts to Combat Trafficking Sec. 201. Including the Secretary of the Treasury and the United States Trade Representative as a member of the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking. 
Sec. 202. Encouraging countries to maintain and share data on human trafficking efforts. Sec. 203. Appropriate listing of governments involved in human trafficking. Sec. 204. Requirements for strategies to prevent trafficking. Sec. 205. Briefing on countries with primarily migrant workforces. Sec. 206. Report on recipients of funding from the United States Agency for International Development. Subtitle B—Child Soldier Prevention Act of 2018 Sec. 211. Findings. Sec. 212. Amendments to the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008. TITLE III—AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations under the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000. Sec. 302. Authorization of appropriations under the International Megan’s Law. Sec. 303. Authorization of appropriations for airport personnel training to identify and report human trafficking victims. TITLE I—COMBATING TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS IN THE UNITED STATES Subtitle A—Programs to Support Victims and Persons Vulnerable to Human Trafficking 
SEC. 101. GRANTS TO ASSIST IN THE RECOGNITION OF TRAFFICKING. 
(a) G RANTS TO ASSIST IN RECOGNITION OF  TRAFFICKING .—Section 106(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7104(b)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The President’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The President’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) GRANTS TO ASSIST IN THE RECOGNITION OF  
TRAFFICKING .— ‘‘(A) DEFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: ‘‘(i) ESEA 
TERMS .—The terms ‘elementary school’, ‘local educational agency’, ‘other staff’, and ‘secondary school’ have the meanings given the terms in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). ‘‘(ii) HIGHINTENSITY CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING  
AREA.—The term ‘highintensity child sex trafficking area’ means a metropolitan area designated by the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as having a high rate of children involved in sex trafficking. ‘‘(iii) LABOR TRAFFICKING .—The term ‘labor trafficking’ means conduct described in section 103(9)(B) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)(B)). ‘‘(iv) SCHOOL STAFF .—The term ‘school staff’ means teachers, nurses, school leaders and administrators, and other staff at elementary schools and secondary schools. ‘‘(v) SEX TRAFFICKING .—The term ‘sex trafficking’ means the conduct described in section 103(9)(A) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)(A)). ‘‘(B) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation with the Secretary of Education and the Secretary of Labor, may award grants to local educational agencies, in partnership with a nonprofit, nongovernmental agency, to establish, expand, and support programs— ‘‘(i) to educate school staff to recognize and respond to signs of labor trafficking and sex trafficking; and ‘‘(ii) to provide ageappropriate information to students on how to avoid becoming victims of labor trafficking and sex trafficking. ‘‘(C) PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .—Amounts awarded under this paragraph shall be used for— ‘‘(i) education regarding— ‘‘(I) avoiding becoming victims of labor trafficking and sex trafficking; ‘‘(II) indicators that an individual is a victim or potential victim of labor trafficking or sex trafficking; ‘‘(III) options and procedures for referring such an individual, as appropriate, to information on such trafficking and services available for victims of such trafficking; ‘‘(IV) reporting requirements and procedures in accordance with applicable Federal and State law; and ‘‘(V) how to carry out activities authorized under subparagraph (A)(ii); and ‘‘(ii) a plan, developed and implemented in consultation with local law enforcement agencies, to ensure the safety of school staff and students reporting such trafficking. ‘‘(D) PRIORITY .—In awarding grants under this paragraph, the Secretary shall give priority to local educational agencies serving a highintensity child sex trafficking area.’’. (b) INCLUSION IN AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Section 113(b)(1) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7110(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 107(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 106(b) and 107(b)’’. 
SEC. 102. PREVENTING FUTURE TRAFFICKING IN THE UNITED STATES THROUGH RECEIPT OF COMPLAINTS ABROAD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall ensure that each diplomatic or consular post or other mission designates an employee to be responsible for receiving information from— (1) any person who was a victim of a severe form of trafficking in persons (as such term is defined in section 103(14) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(14))) while present in the United States; or (2) any person who has information regarding a victim described in paragraph (1). (b) PROVISION OF INFORMATION .—Any information received pursuant to subsection (a) shall be transmitted to the Department of Justice, the Department of Labor, the Department of Homeland Security, and to any other relevant Federal agency for appropriate response. The Attorney General, the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the head of any other such relevant Federal agency shall establish a process to address any actions to be taken in response to such information. (c) ASSISTANCE FROM FOREIGN GOVERN MENTS .—The employee designated for receiving information pursuant to subsection (a) should coordinate with foreign governments or civil society organizations in the countries of origin of victims of severe forms of trafficking in persons, with the permission of and without compromising the safety of such victims, to ensure that such victims receive any additional support available. 
Section 107(b)(2)(A) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘programs for’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘programs for victims of human trafficking, including programs that provide traumainformed care or housing options to such victims who are— ‘‘(i)(I) between 12 and 24 years of age; and ‘‘(II) homeless, in foster care, or involved in the criminal justice system; ‘‘(ii) transitioning out of the foster care system; or ‘‘(iii) women or girls in underserved populations.’’. Subtitle B—Governmental Efforts to Prevent Human Trafficking 
SEC. 111. REQUIRED TRAINING TO PREVENT HUMAN TRAFFICKING FOR CERTAIN CONTRACTING AIR CARRIERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 40118 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) TRAINING REQUIREMENTS .—The Administrator of General Services shall ensure that any contract entered into for provision of air transportation with a domestic carrier under this section requires that the contracting air carrier submits to the Administrator of General Services, the Secretary of Transportation, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration, the Secretary of Labor and the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection an annual report regarding— ‘‘(1) the number of personnel trained in the detection and reporting of potential human trafficking (as described in paragraphs (9) and (10) of section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)), including the training required under section 44734(a)(4); ‘‘(2) the number of notifications of potential human trafficking victims received from staff or other passengers; and ‘‘(3) whether the air carrier notified the National Human Trafficking Hotline or law enforcement at the relevant airport of the potential human trafficking victim for each such notification of potential human trafficking, and if so, when the notification was made.’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to any contract entered into after the date of enactment of this Act except for contracts entered into by the Secretary of Defense. 
SEC. 112. ENSURING UNITED STATES PROCUREMENT DOES NOT FUND HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
Section 106 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7104) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) AGENCY ACTION TOPREVENT FUNDING OF  HUMAN TRAFFICKING .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—At the end of each fiscal year, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Labor, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall each submit a report to the Administrator of General Services that includes— ‘‘(A) the name and contact information of the individual within the agency’s Office of Legal Counsel or Office of Acquisition Policy who is responsible for overseeing the implementation of— ‘‘(i) subsection (g); ‘‘(ii) title XVII of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (22 U.S.C. 7104a et seq.); and ‘‘(iii) any regulation in the Federal Acquisition Regulation (48 C.F.R. 1 et seq.) that is related to any subject matter referred to in clause (i) or (ii); ‘‘(B) agency action to ensure that contractors are educated on the applicable laws and regulations listed in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(C) agency action to ensure that the acquisition workforce and agency officials understand implementation of the laws and regulations listed in subparagraph (A), including best practices for— ‘‘(i) ensuring compliance with such laws and regulations; ‘‘(ii) assessing the serious, repeated, willful, or pervasive nature of any violation of such laws or regulations; and ‘‘(iii) evaluating steps contractors have taken to correct any such violation; ‘‘(D)(i) the number of contracts containing language referring to the laws and regulations listed in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) the number of contracts that did not contain any language referring to such laws and regulations; ‘‘(E)(i) the number of allegations of severe forms of trafficking in persons received; and ‘‘(ii) the source type of the allegation (such as contractor, subcontractor, employee of contractor or subcontractor, or an individual outside of the contract); ‘‘(F)(i) the number of such allegations investigated by the agency; ‘‘(ii) a summary of any findings from such investigations; and 
‘‘(iii) any improvements recommended by the agency to prevent such conduct from recurring; ‘‘(G)(i) the number of such allegations referred to the Attorney General for prosecution under section 3271 of title 18, United States Code; and ‘‘(ii) the outcomes of such referrals; ‘‘(H) any remedial action taken as a result of such investigation, including whether— ‘‘(i) a contractor or subcontractor (at any tier) was debarred or suspended due to a violation of a law or regulation relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons; or ‘‘(ii) a contract was terminated pursuant to subsection (g) as a result of such violation; ‘‘(I) any other assistance offered to agency contractors to ensure compliance with a law or regulation relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons; ‘‘(J) any interagency meetings or data sharing regarding suspended or disbarred contractors or subcontractors (at any tier) for severe forms of trafficking in persons; and ‘‘(K) any contract with a contractor or subcontractor (at any tier) located outside the United States and the country location, where safe to reveal location, for each such contractor or subcontractor. ‘‘(2) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—In this subsection, the term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(C) the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(D) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(E) the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(F) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; ‘‘(G) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; ‘‘(H) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and ‘‘(I) the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate.’’. 
SEC. 113. TRAINING COURSE ON HUMAN TRAFFICKING AND GOVERNMENT CONTRACTING. 
Any curriculum, including any continuing education curriculum, for the acquisition workforce used by the Federal Acquisition Institute established under section 1201 of title 41, United States Code, shall include at least 1 course, lasting at least 30 minutes, regarding the law and regulations relating to human trafficking and contracting with the Federal Government. 
SEC. 114. MODIFICATIONS TO THE ADVISORY COUNCIL ON HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
The Survivors of Human Trafficking Empowerment Act (section 115 of Public Law 114– 22; 129 Stat. 243) is amended— (1) in subsection (f), by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) shall receive travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with the applicable provisions under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code.’’; and (2) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘2020’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. 
SEC. 115. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE SENIOR POLICY OPERATING GROUP. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Senior Policy Operating Group established under section 105(g) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(g)) should create a working group to examine the role of demand reduction, both domestically and internationally, in achieving the purposes of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.) and the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act (Public Law 114–22; 129 Stat. 227). 
SEC. 116. BEST PRACTICES TO PREVENT FORCED CHILD LABOR TRAFFICKING. 
It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) the United States Government condemns, in the strongest terms, forced child labor, including in situations of trafficking; and (2) the President should work with the private sector to develop best practices and guidance for preventing forced child labor and indentured servitude, including in situations of trafficking. Subtitle C—Preventing Trafficking in Persons in the United States SEC. 121. DEMAND REDUCTION STRATEGIES IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) D EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE TASKFORCE.— Section 105(d)(7) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(d)(7)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (Q)(vii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (R), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(S) tactics and strategies employed by human trafficking task forces sponsored by the Department of Justice to reduce demand for trafficking victims.’’. (b) REPORT ON STATE ENFORCEMENT .—Sub section (e)(1)(A) of the Combat Human Trafficking Act of 2015 (34 U.S.C. 20709(e)(1)(A)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘rates’’ and inserting ‘‘number’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘, noting the number of covered offenders’’ after ‘‘covered offense’’ each place such term appears; (3) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘arrest’’ and inserting ‘‘arrests’’; (4) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘prosecution’’ and inserting ‘‘prosecutions’’; and (5) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘conviction’’ and inserting ‘‘convictions’’. 
SEC. 122. DESIGNATION OF A LABOR PROSECUTOR TO ENHANCE STATE AND LOCAL EFFORTS TO COMBAT TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS. 
Section 204(a)(1) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (34 U.S.C. 20705(a)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) as appropriate, to designate at least 1 prosecutor for cases of severe forms of trafficking in persons (as such term is defined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)).’’. 
SEC. 123. PREVENTING HUMAN TRAFFICKING IN FOREIGN MISSIONS AND DIPLOMATIC HOUSEHOLDS. 
Section 203(a) of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1375c(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘for such period as the Secretary determines necessary’’ and inserting ‘‘for a period of at least 1 year, except if the Secretary determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees, in advance, the reasons a shorter period is in the national interest,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the Secretary determines’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘there is an unpaid default or final civil judgement directly or indirectly related to human trafficking against the employer or a family member assigned to the embassy, or the diplomatic mission or international organization hosting the employer or family member has not responded affirmatively to a request to waive immunity within 6 weeks of the request in a case brought by the United States Government and the country that accredited the employer or family member or, in the case of international organizations, the country of citizenship, has not initiated prosecution against the employer or family member.’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘a mechanism is in place’’ and inserting ‘‘, as applicable, the unpaid default judgment or final civil judgement has been resolved, the diplomatic mission or international organization hosting the employer or family member has waived immunity for the employer or family member or the country that accredited the employer or family member or the country of citizenship of the employer or family member completed the prosecution of the employer or family member, and the diplomatic mission or international organization hosting the employer or family member has a mechanism in place’’. SEC. 124. ACTIONS AGAINST SIGNIFICANT TRAFFICKERS IN PERSONS. 
Section 111(a)(1) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7108(a)(1)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, or section 1263 of the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act (subtitle F of title XII of Public Law 114–328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note),’’ after ‘‘1701)’’ the second place it appears; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) Officials of a foreign government who participate in, facilitate, or condone severe forms of trafficking in persons for significant financial gain.’’. Subtitle D—Monitoring Child, Forced, and Slave Labor 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) foreign assistance that addresses poverty alleviation and humanitarian disasters reduces the vulnerability of men, women, and children to human trafficking and is a crucial part of the response of the United States to modernday slavery; (2) the Deputy Under Secretary of the Bureau of International Labor Affairs of the Department of Labor and the grant programs administered by the Deputy Under Secretary play a critical role in preventing and protecting children from the worst forms of child labor, including situations of trafficking, and in reducing the vulnerabilities of men and women to situations of forced labor and trafficking; and (3) the Secretary of Labor also plays a critical role in helping other Federal departments and agencies to prevent goods made with forced and child labor from entering the United States by consulting with such departments and agencies to reduce forced and child labor internationally and ensuring that products made by forced labor and child labor in violation of international standards are not imported into the United States. 
SEC. 132. REPORT ON THE ENFORCEMENT OF SECTION 307 OF THE TARIFF ACT OF 1930. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the committees listed in subsection (b) that describes any obstacles or challenges to enforcing section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307). (b) COMMITTEES .—The committees listed in this subsection are— (1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (2) the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; (3) the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives; (4) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; (5) the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives; (6) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (7) the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; (8) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (9) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and 
(10) the Committee on Finance of the Senate. (c) REQUIREMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall— (1) describe the role and best practices of private sector employers in the United States in complying with the provisions of section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930; (2) describe any efforts or programs undertaken by relevant Federal, State, or local government agencies to encourage employers, directly or indirectly, to comply with such provisions; (3) describe the roles of the relevant Federal departments and agencies in overseeing and regulating such provisions, and the oversight and enforcement mechanisms used by such departments or agencies; (4) provide concrete, actual case studies or examples of how such provisions are enforced; (5) identify the number of petitions received and cases initiated (whether by petition or otherwise) or investigated by each relevant Federal department or agency charged with implementing and enforcing such provisions, as well as the dates petitions were received or investigations were initiated, and their current statuses; (6) identify any enforcement actions during the most recent 10 years, including— (A) the issuance of Withhold Release Orders; (B) the detention of shipments; (C) the issuance of civil penalties; and (D) the formal charging with criminal charges relating to the forced labor scheme taken as a result of petitions and investigations identified pursuant to paragraph (5), organized by type of action, date of action, commodity, and country of origin; (7) with respect to any relevant petition filed during the 10year period immediately preceding the date of the enactment of this Act with the relevant Federal departments and agencies tasked with implementing such provisions, list the specific products, country of origin, manufacturer, importer, enduser or retailer, and outcomes of any investigation; (8) identify any gaps that may exist in enforcement of such provisions; (9) describe the engagement of the relevant Federal departments and agencies with stakeholders, including the engagement of importers, forced labor experts, and nongovernmental organizations; and (10) based on the information required under paragraphs (1) through (9)— (A) identify any regulatory obstacles or challenges to enforcement of such provisions; and (B) provide recommendations for actions that could be taken by the relevant Federal departments and agencies to overcome such obstacles. 
SEC. 133. MODIFICATION TO LIST OF CHILDMADE AND SLAVERYMADE GOODS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 105(b)(2)(C) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (22 U.S.C. 7112(b)(2)(C)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, including, to the extent practicable, goods that are produced with inputs that are produced with forced labor or child labor’’ after ‘‘international standards’’. (b) INCLUSION IN AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations under section 113(f) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7110(f)), as amended by section 301, are authorized to be made available to carry out the purposes described in section 105(b)(2) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (22 U.S.C. 7112(b)(2)), as amended by subsection (a). TITLE II—FIGHTING HUMAN TRAFFICKING ABROAD Subtitle A—Efforts to Combat Trafficking 
SEC. 201. INCLUDING THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY AND THE UNITED STATES TRADE REPRESENTATIVE AS A MEMBER OF THE INTERAGENCY TASK FORCE TO MONITOR AND COMBAT TRAFFICKING. 
Section 105(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(b)) is amended by inserting ‘‘the Secretary of the Treasury, the United States Trade Representative,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of Education,’’. SEC. 202. ENCOURAGING COUNTRIES TO MAINTAIN AND SHARE DATA ON HUMAN TRAFFICKING EFFORTS. 
Section 108(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7106(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘the capacity’’ and inserting ‘‘a demonstrably increasing capacity’’; and (B) by striking the last sentence; and (2) in paragraph (7)— (A) by striking ‘‘consistent with its resources’’ and inserting ‘‘, consistent with a demonstrably increasing capacity of such government to obtain such data,’’; and (B) by striking the last sentence. 
SEC. 203. APPROPRIATE LISTING OF GOVERNMENTS INVOLVED IN HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
Section 110(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(iii)(I)— (i) by striking ‘‘absolute’’ and inserting ‘‘estimated’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘and the country is not taking proportional concrete actions’’ before the semicolon at the end; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) SPECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN COUNTRIES ON  
REINSTATED ON SPECIAL WATCH LIST .—Notwith standing subparagraphs (D) and (E), a country may not be included on the special watch list described in subparagraph (A)(iii) for more than 1 consecutive year after the country— ‘‘(i) was included on the special watch list described in subparagraph (A)(iii) for— ‘‘(I) 2 consecutive years after the date of the enactment of subparagraph (D); and ‘‘(II) any additional years after such date of enactment as a result of the President exercising the waiver authority under subparagraph (D)(ii); and ‘‘(ii) was subsequently included on the list of countries described in paragraph (1)(C).’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) and moving such clauses 2 ems to the right; (B) in the matter preceding clause (i), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘In determinations’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—In determinations’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) PROOF OF FAILURE TO MAKE SIGNIFICANT  
EFFORTS .—In addition to the considerations described in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of subparagraph (A), in determinations under paragraph (1)(C) as to whether the government of a country is not making significant efforts to bring itself into compliance with the minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking, the Secretary of State shall consider, as proof of failure to make significant efforts, a government policy or pattern of— ‘‘(i) trafficking; ‘‘(ii) trafficking in governmentfunded programs; ‘‘(iii) forced labor (in governmentaffiliated medical services, agriculture, forestry, mining, construction, or other sectors); ‘‘(iv) sexual slavery in government camps, compounds, or outposts; or ‘‘(v) employing or recruiting child soldiers.’’. 
(a) R EPORT ON NEWPRACTICES TOCOMBAT  TRAFFICKING .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for 7 years, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall submit a report to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that— (A) describes any practices adopted by the Department of State or the United States Agency for International Development to better combat trafficking in persons, in accordance with the report submitted under section 101(b)(4) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005, in order to reduce the risk of trafficking in postconflict or postdisaster areas; or (B) if no practices referred to in subparagraph (A) have been adopted, includes a strategy to reduce the risk of trafficking in such areas. (2) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall be posted on a publicly available internet website of the Department of State. (b) CHILD PROTECTION STRATEGIES IN WATCH LISTCOUNTRIES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall incorporate into the relevant country development cooperation strategy for each country on the list described in paragraph (1)(C) of section 110(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)) or the special watch list described in paragraph (2)(A)(iii) of such section, strategies for the protection of children and the reduction of the risk of trafficking. (2) COMPONENTS .—The child protection and trafficking reduction strategies required under paragraph (1) shall— (A) address the root causes of insecurity that leave children and youth vulnerable to trafficking; and (B) include common metrics and indicators to monitor progress across Federal agencies to prevent, address, and end violence against children and youth globally in postconflict and postdisaster areas. 
SEC. 205. BRIEFING ON COUNTRIES WITH PRIMARILY MIGRANT WORKFORCES. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall provide a briefing to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives that includes, with respect to each country that has a domestic workforce of which more than 80 percent are third country nationals— (1) an assessment of the progress made by the government of such country toward implementing the recommendations with respect to such country contained in the most recent Trafficking in Persons Report submitted by the Secretary under section 110(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)), as amended by section 203 of this Act; and (2) a description of the efforts made by the United States to ensure that any domestic worker brought into the United States by an official of such country is not a victim of trafficking. 
SEC. 206. REPORT ON RECIPIENTS OF FUNDING FROM THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and by October 1 of each of the following 4 years, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall submit a report to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives that describes, with respect to the prior fiscal year— (1) each obligation or expenditure of Federal funds by the Agency for the purpose of combating human trafficking and forced labor; and 
(2) with respect to each such obligation or expenditure, the program, project, activity, primary recipient, and any subgrantees or subcontractors. Subtitle B—Child Soldier Prevention Act of 2018 
Congress finds the following: (1) The recruitment or use of children in armed conflict is unacceptable for any government or governmentsupported entity receiving United States assistance. (2) The recruitment or use of children in armed conflict, including direct combat, support roles, and sexual slavery, occurred during 2016 or 2017 in Afghanistan, Iran, Mali, Niger, South Sudan, Sudan, Burma, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Iraq, Nigeria, Rwanda, Somalia, Syria, and Yemen. (3) Entities of the Government of Afghanistan, particularly the Afghan Local Police and Afghan National Police, continue to recruit children to serve as combatants or as servants, including as sex slaves. (4) Police forces of the Government of Afghanistan participate in counterterrorism operations, direct and indirect combat, security operations, fight alongside regular armies, and are targeted for violence by the Taliban and other opposition groups. (5) In February 2016, a 10yearold boy was assassinated by the Taliban after he had been publicly honored by Afghan local police forces for his assistance in combat operations against the Taliban. (6) Recruitment and use of children in armed conflict by government forces has continued in South Sudan with the return to hostilities. (7) At least 19,000 children have been recruited since South Sudan’s civil war began in 2013. 
SEC. 212. AMENDMENTS TO THE CHILD SOLDIERS PREVENTION ACT OF 2008. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 402(2) of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008 (22 U.S.C. 2370c(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, police, or other security forces’’ after ‘‘governmental armed forces’’ each place such term appears; and (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘clauses’’ and inserting ‘‘clause’’. (b) PROHIBITION .—Section 404 of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008 (22 U.S.C. 2370c– 1) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, police, or other security forces,’’ after ‘‘governmental armed forces’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘recruit and use child soldiers’’ and inserting ‘‘recruit or use child soldiers’’; (2) in subsection (b), by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) NOTIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days after the date on which each report is submitted under section 110(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)), the Secretary of State shall formally notify each government included in the list under paragraph (1) that such government is included in such list. ‘‘(B) CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—As soon as practicable after making all of the notifications required under subparagraph (A) with respect to a report, the Secretary of State shall notify the appropriate congressional committees that the requirements of subparagraph (A) have been met.’’; (3) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘and certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the government of such country is taking effective and continuing steps to address the problem of child soldiers’’; and (4) in subsection (e)(1), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘to a country’’ and all that follows through ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 541 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2347) through the Defense Institute for International Legal Studies or the Center for Civil Military Relations at the Naval PostGraduate School, and may provide nonlethal supplies (as defined in section 2557(d)(1)(B) of title 10, United States Code), to a country subject to the prohibition under subsection (a)’’. (c) REPORTS .—Section 405 of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008 (22 U.S.C. 2370c–2) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘, during any of the 5 years following the date of the enactment of this Act,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘wavier’’ and inserting ‘‘waiver’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) as paragraphs (3), (4), and (5), respectively; (C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following: ‘‘(2) a description and the amount of any assistance withheld under this title pursuant to the application to those countries of the prohibition in section 404(a);’’; and (D) in paragraph (5), as redesignated, by inserting ‘‘and the amount’’ after ‘‘a description’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) INFORMATION TO BEINCLUDED IN ANNUAL  TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS REPORT .—If the Secretary of State notifies a country pursuant to section 404(b)(2), or the President grants a waiver pursuant to section 404(c)(1), the Secretary of State shall include, in each report required under section 110(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)), the information required to be included in the annual report to Congress under paragraphs (1) through (5) of subsection (c).’’. (d) ELIMINATION OF CHILD SEXUAL ASSAULT  
BYAFGHAN SECURITY FORCES .— (1) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Department of State and the Department of Defense should fully implement the recommendations in the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction’s 2017 report on Child Sexual Assault in Afghanistan. (2) REPORT ON STATUS OF IMPLEMENTATION OF  
RECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense shall report to the appropriate congressional committees on the status of implementation, within their respective departments, of each recommendation included in the report referenced in paragraph (1). (3) REPORT ON INTERAGENCY EFFORTS TO MON ITOR ABUSES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense shall report to the appropriate congressional committees on the status of interagency efforts to establish effective, coherent, and discrete reporting by United States personnel on child sexual abuse by Afghan security forces with whom they train or advise or to whom they provide assistance. (4) PRIORITIZATION AT MINISTERIAL CON FERENCE ON AFGHANISTAN .—The Department of State shall ensure that the issue of child sexual assault by Afghan security forces is incorporated and elevated as an issue of international concern and focus at the next Ministerial Conference on Afghanistan, scheduled for November 2728, 2018, in Geneva, Switzerland, with the goal of ending the illegal but ongoing practice known as ‘‘bacha bazi’’. (5) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. TITLE III—AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS SEC. 301. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS UNDER THE TRAFFICKING VICTIMS PROTECTION ACT OF 2000. 
Section 113 of the Trafficking Victims Prevention Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7110) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS IN  SUPPORT OF THE TASKFORCE.—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Department of State, for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2021, $13,822,000 for Diplomatic and Consular Programs of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons, which shall be used to carry out sections 105(e), 105(f), and 110, including for additional personnel.’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘$14,500,000 for each of the fiscal years 2014 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘$19,500,000 for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2021, of which $3,500,000 is authorized to be appropriated for each fiscal year for the National Human Trafficking Hotline.’’; (3) in subsection (c), by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) ASSISTANCE TO COMBAT TRAFFICKING .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Department of State, for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2021, $65,000,000, which shall be used— ‘‘(A) to carry out sections 106 and 107(a); ‘‘(B) to carry out section 134 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2152d); ‘‘(C) to assist countries in meeting the minimum standards described in section 108; and ‘‘(D) for programs and activities on prevention, protection, and prosecution to combat all forms of trafficking in persons internationally, including training activities for law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and members of the judiciary with respect to trafficking in persons at the International Law Enforcement Academies.’’; and (4) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘2014 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 302. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS UNDER THE INTERNATIONAL MEGAN’S LAW. 
Section 11 of the International Megan’s Law to Prevent Child Exploitation and Other Sexual Crimes Through Advanced Notification of Traveling Sex Offenders (34 U.S.C. 21509) is amended by striking ‘‘2017 and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 303. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR AIRPORT PERSONNEL TRAINING TO IDENTIFY AND REPORT HUMAN TRAFFICKING VICTIMS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection $250,000 for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2021 to expand outreach and live on site antitrafficking training for airport and airline personnel. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, the Senate unanimously passed this amendment version of H.R. 2200, the Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act, which the House originally passed back in July. It is part of a bipartisan, bicameral package of bills to reauthorize and to strengthen our Nation’s effort to combat human trafficking. It deserves our unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. The measure before us reauthorizes the Trafficking Victims Protection Act to make protection for survivors more effective, improve the way we prevent this crime, and ensure that we are prosecuting those responsible. This bipartisan bill passed the Senate unanimously. A very similar version passed the House by voice vote in July of 2017. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me and the chairman in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, as prime author of the landmark Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (TVPA), it is an honor to present the new Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act. This bipartisan bill—and I thank KAREN BASS for her cosponsorship and strong support—is a comprehensive, reauthorization and expansion of key elements of the TVPA and related policies. In the fight to end modern day slavery, my new bill honors the extraordinary legacy of one of the greatest Americans who ever lived. Born a slave in 1818—we celebrated the 200th anniversary of his birth this year—Frederick Douglass escaped slavery when he was 20 and dedicated his entire life to abolishing slavery and after emancipation, to ending Jim Crow laws, all the while struggling for full equality. A gifted orator, author, editor, statesman (and Republican), he died in 1895. The Frederick Douglass bill before us today authorizes over $430 million over 4 years to prevent human trafficking, protect victims, and beef up prosecution of those involved in this nefarious trade both at home and abroad. It provides: $18 million over three years to the Departments of Homeland Security, Justice, and State to fund the International Megan’s Law $78 million over four years to the Department of Health and Human Services $20 million over four years to the Department of Labor $315 million over four years to the Department of State Additional funding to train airport personnel, flight attendants, and pilots to recognize and report to law enforcement potential trafficking victims in transit Specifically, the new bill significantly expands our efforts to combat trafficking by: Ensuring vulnerable children, throughout the United States, are educated to avoid traffickers; Encouraging job training for trafficking survivors, especially those who were exploited in sex trafficking as children; Preferring in government travel contracts airlines and hotels that have in place antitrafficking training and reporting policies for their employees; Keeping goods made by child trafficking victims out of the United States by ensuring funding for and enhancing Department of Labor reports on slavemade goods; Encouraging enforcement of the Tariff Act of 1930’s prohibition on the importation of goods made with forced labor; Helping survivors get back on their feet by treating civil damages they win from their traffickers the same as criminal restitution; Designating one prosecutor in each of the Department of Justice’s focus districts to investigate and prosecute labor trafficking cases; Preventing abuse of domestic servants in embassies and diplomatic homes in the United States; Encouraging credible and effective use of the trafficking tier ranking system by the U.S. Department of State in the annual Trafficking in Persons Report; and Strengthening implementation of all U.S. laws and regulations in place to prevent U.S. government purchases from putting money in the hands of traffickers and encouraging accountability for U.S. government contractors involved in human trafficking; Empowering trafficking survivors to be more involved in the development of human trafficking policy; and Integrating the fight against human trafficking into U.S. foreign assistance more fully. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 2200. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
TROPICAL FOREST CONSERVATION REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1023) to reauthorize the Tropical Forest Conservation Act of 1998 through fiscal year 2021, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1023 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Tropical Forest Conservation Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Amendment to short title of Act to encompass modified scope. Sec. 3. Protection of tropical forests and coral reefs. Sec. 4. Change to name of facility. Sec. 5. Eligibility for benefits. Sec. 6. Reduction of debt owed to the United States as a result of credits extended under title I of Food for Peace Act. Sec. 7. United States Government representation on oversight bodies for grants from debtfornature swaps and debt buybacks. Sec. 8. Conservation agreements. Sec. 9. Conservation Fund. Sec. 10. Changes to due dates of annual reports to Congress. Sec. 11. New authorization of appropriations for the reduction of debt and authorization for audit, evaluation, monitoring, and administration expenses. SEC. 2. AMENDMENT TO SHORT TITLE OF ACT TO ENCOMPASS MODIFIED SCOPE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 801 of the Tropical Forest Conservation Act of 1998 (part V of Public Law 87–195; 22 U.S.C. 2151 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Tropical Forest Conservation Act of 1998’’ and inserting ‘‘Tropical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act of 1998’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in any other provision of law, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the ‘‘Tropical Forest Conservation Act of 1998’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Tropical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act of 1998’’. 
SEC. 3. PROTECTION OF TROPICAL FORESTS AND CORAL REEFS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 802 of the Tropical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 2431), as renamed by section 2(a), is amended— (1) in subsections (a)(1), (a)(6), (b)(1), (b)(3), and (b)(4), by striking ‘‘tropical forests’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘tropical forests and coral reef ecosystems’’; (2) in subsection (a)(2)(C), by striking ‘‘far flung’’; (3) in subsection (a)(7), by striking ‘‘tropical forests is critical to the protection of tropical forests’’ and inserting ‘‘tropical forests and coral reef ecosystems is critical to the protection of such areas’’; and (4) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘tropical forests’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘tropical forests and coral ecosystems’’; (B) by striking ‘‘tropical forests’’ the second place it appears and inserting ‘‘areas’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘tropical forests’’ the third place it appears and inserting ‘‘tropical forests and coral reef ecosystems’’. (b) AMENDMENTS RELATED TO DEFINI TIONS .—Section 803 of such Act (22 U.S.C. 2431a) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
CORAL REEF ’’; (B) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘tropical forest’’ and inserting ‘‘tropical forest or coral reef’’; and (C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘tropical forest’’ and inserting ‘‘tropical forest or coral reef’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘tropical forests’’ and inserting ‘‘tropical forests or coral reefs’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(10) CORAL .—The term ‘coral’ means species of the phylum Cnidaria, including— ‘‘(A) all species of the orders Antipatharia (black corals), Scleractinia (stony corals), Alcyonacea (soft corals), Gorgonacea (horny corals), Stolonifera (organpipe corals and 
others), and Coenothecalia (blue coral), of the class Anthoza; and ‘‘(B) all species of the order Hydrocorallina (fire corals and hydrocorals) of the class Hydrozoa. ‘‘(11) CORAL REEF .—The term ‘coral reef’ means any reef or shoal composed primarily of coral. ‘‘(12) CORAL REEF ECOSYSTEM .—The term ‘coral reef ecosystem’ means any coral reef and any coastal marine ecosystem surrounding, or directly related to, a coral reef and important to maintaining the ecological integrity of that coral reef, such as seagrasses, mangroves, sandy seabed communities, and immediately adjacent coastal areas.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 804 of the Tropical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 2431b), as renamed by section 2(a), is amended by striking ‘‘Tropical Forest Facility’’ and inserting ‘‘Conservation Facility’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO DEFINI TIONS .—Section 803(8) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 2431a(8)) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘TROPICAL  
FOREST FACILITY ’’ and inserting ‘‘C ONSERVA TION FACILITY ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Tropical Forest Facility’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘Conservation Facility’’. (c) REFERENCES .—Any reference in any other provision of law, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the ‘‘Tropical Forest Facility’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Conservation Facility’’. 
Section 805(a) of the Tropical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 2431c(a)), as renamed by section 2(a), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘tropical forest’’ and inserting ‘‘tropical forest or coral reef’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (7); and (3) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) whose government is democratically elected; ‘‘(2) whose government has not repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism; ‘‘(3) whose government is not failing to cooperate on international narcotics control matters; ‘‘(4) whose government (including its military or other security forces) does not engage in a consistent pattern of gross violations of internationally recognized human rights; ‘‘(5) that has in effect, has received approval for, or is making significant progress toward— ‘‘(A) an International Monetary Fund standby arrangement, extended Fund arrangement, or an arrangement under the structural adjustment facility or enhanced structural adjustment facility, or a Fund monitored program, or is implementing sound macroeconomic policies, unless the President determines that such an arrangement or program could reasonably be expected to have significant adverse social or environmental effect; and ‘‘(B) as appropriate, structural or sectoral adjustment loans from the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development or the International Development Association, unless the President determines that the resulting adjustment requirements could reasonably be expected to have significant adverse social or environmental effects; ‘‘(6) if appropriate, has agreed with its commercial bank lenders on a satisfactory financing program, including, as appropriate, debt or debt service reduction; and’’. SEC. 6. REDUCTION OF DEBT OWED TO THE UNITED STATES AS A RESULT OF CREDITS EXTENDED UNDER TITLE I OF FOOD FOR PEACE ACT. 
Section 807(a)(1) of the Tropical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 2431e(a)(1)), as renamed by section 2(a), is amended by striking ‘‘outstanding as of January 1, 1998,’’ and inserting ‘‘outstanding as of the date of the enactment of the Tropical Forest Conservation Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 7. UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT REPRESENTATION ON OVERSIGHT BODIES FOR GRANTS FROM DEBTFOR NATURE SWAPS AND DEBT BUYBACKS. 
Section 808(a)(5) of the Tropical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 2431f(a)(5)), as renamed by section 2(a), is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT REP RESENTATION ON THE ADMINISTERING BODY .— One or more individuals appointed by the United States Government shall serve in an official capacity on the administering body that oversees the implementation of grants arising from a debtfornature swap or debt buyback regardless of whether the United States is a party to any agreement between the eligible purchaser and the government of the beneficiary country.’’. 
(a) R ENAMING OF AGREEMENTS .—Section 809 of the Tropical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 2431g), as renamed by section 2(a), is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
CONSERVATION AGREEMENT ’’; and (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘AUTHORITY ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Sec retary’’ and inserting ‘‘AUTHORITY .—The Secretary’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Tropical Forest Agreement’’ and inserting ‘‘Conservation Agreement’’. (b) ELIMINATION OF REQUIREMENT TOCONSULT WITH THE ENTERPRISE FOR THE AMERICAS BOARD .—Such subsection is further amended by striking paragraph (2). (c) ROLE OF BENEFICIARY COUNTRIES .—Such section is further amended— (1) in subsection (e)(1)(C), by striking ‘‘in exceptional circumstances, the government of the beneficiary country’’ and inserting ‘‘in limited circumstances, the government of the beneficiary country when needed to improve governance and enhance management of tropical forests or coral reef ecosystems, without replacing existing levels of financial efforts by the government of the beneficiary country and with priority given to projects that complement grants made under subparagraphs (A) and (B)’’; and (2) by amending subsection (f) to read as follows: ‘‘(f) REVIEW OF LARGER GRANTS .—Any grant of more than $250,000 from a Fund must be approved by the Government of the United States and the government of the beneficiary country.’’. (d) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND MENTS .—Such section is further amended— (1) in subsection (c)(2)(A)(i), by inserting ‘‘to serve in an official capacity’’ after ‘‘Government’’; and (2) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘tropical forests’’ and inserting ‘‘tropical forests and coral reef ecosystems’’; (B) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘tropical forest’’; and (C) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘living in or near a tropical forest in a manner consistent with protecting such tropical forest’’ and inserting ‘‘dependent on a tropical forest or coral reef ecosystem and related resources in a manner consistent with conserving such resources’’. (e) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO DEFINI TIONS .—Section 803(7) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 2431a(7)) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘TROPICAL  
FOREST AGREEMENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘C ONSERVATION AGREEMENT ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Tropical Forest Agreement’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘Conservation Agreement’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 810 of the Tropical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 2431h), as renamed by section 2(a), is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
TROPICAL FOREST FUND ’’ and inserting ‘‘ CONSERVATION FUND ’’; and (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Tropical Forest Agreement’’ and inserting ‘‘Conservation Agreement’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Tropical Forest Fund’’ and inserting ‘‘Conservation Fund’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO DEFINI TIONS .—Such Act is further amended— (1) in section 803(9) (22 U.S.C. 2431a(9))— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘TROPICAL  
FUND ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Tropical Forest Fund’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘Conservation Fund’’; (2) in section 806(c)(2) (22 U.S.C. 2431d(c)(2)), by striking ‘‘Tropical Forest Fund’’ and inserting ‘‘Conservation Fund’’; and (3) in section 807(c)(2) (22 U.S.C. 2431e(c)(2)), by striking ‘‘Tropical Forest Fund’’ and inserting ‘‘Conservation Fund’’. 
SEC. 10. CHANGES TO DUE DATES OF ANNUAL REPORTS TO CONGRESS. 
Section 813 of the Tropical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 2431k), as renamed by section 2(a), is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Not later than December 31’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than April 15’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘fiscal year’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘calendar year’’; and (2) by striking subsection (b). 
SEC. 11. NEW AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR THE REDUCTION OF DEBT AND AUTHORIZATION FOR AUDIT, EVALUATION, MONITORING, AND ADMINISTRATION EXPENSES. 
Section 806 of the Tropical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 2431d), as renamed by section 2(a), is amended— (1) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(7) $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(8) $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2020.’’; and (2) by amending subsection (e) to read as follows: ‘‘(e) USE OF FUNDS TOCONDUCT PROGRAM  AUDITS , EVALUATIONS , MONITORING , AND ADMINISTRATION .—Of the amounts made available to carry out this part for a fiscal year, $300,000 is authorized to be made available to carry out audits, evaluations, monitoring, and administration of programs under this part, including personnel costs associated with such audits, evaluations, monitoring and administration.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 1032, the Tropical Forest Conservation Reauthorization Act, passed the Senate unanimously. It is the Senate version of H.R. 6982, introduced by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ). It is an important bipartisan, bicameral bill that reauthorizes and reforms ongoing international conservation efforts to increase transparency and ensure that assistance does not go to problematic governments. Mr. Speaker, it deserves our unanimous support, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. This is an important bill that improves our ability to address the acute environmental threats facing tropical forests and coral reefs around the world. The original Tropical Forest Conservation Act passed the Senate in 1998, and this reauthorization is the companion to H.R. 6982. It is a bipartisan, bicameral bill, and I urge all Members to join me in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1023. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
ELIE WIESEL GENOCIDE AND ATROCITIES PREVENTION ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1158) to help prevent acts of genocide and other atrocity crimes, which threaten national and international security, by enhancing United States Government capacities to prevent, mitigate, and respond to such crises. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 1158 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2018’’. 
It is the sense of Congress that the United States Government’s efforts at atrocity prevention and response through interagency coordination, such as the Atrocities Prevention Board (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Board’’) or successor entity are critically important, and that appropriate officials of the United States Government should— (1) meet regularly to monitor developments throughout the world that heighten the risk of atrocities; (2) identify any gaps in United States foreign policy concerning regions or particular countries related to atrocity prevention and response; (3) facilitate the development and implementation of policies to enhance the capacity of the United States to prevent and respond to atrocities worldwide; (4) provide the President and Congress with recommendations to improve policies, programs, resources, and tools related to atrocity prevention and response; (5) conduct outreach, including consultations, not less frequently than biannually, with representatives of nongovernmental organizations and civil society dedicated to atrocity prevention and response; (6) operate with regular consultation and participation of designated interagency representatives of relevant Federal agencies, executive departments, or offices; and (7) ensure resources are made available for the policies, programs, and tools related to atrocity prevention and response. 
It shall be the policy of the United States to— (1) regard the prevention of atrocities as in its national interest; (2) work with partners and allies, including to build their capacity, and enhance the capacity of the United States, to identify, prevent, and respond to the causes of atrocities, including insecurity, mass displacement, violent conflict, and other conditions that may lead to such atrocities; and (3) pursue a United States Government wide strategy to identify, prevent, and respond to the risk of atrocities by— (A) strengthening the diplomatic, risk analysis and monitoring, strategic planning, early warning, and response capacities of the Government; (B) improving the use of foreign assistance to respond early, effectively, and urgently in order to address the causes of atrocities; (C) strengthening diplomatic response and the effective use of foreign assistance to support appropriate transitional justice measures, including criminal accountability, for past atrocities; (D) supporting and strengthening local civil society, including human rights defenders and others working to help prevent and respond to atrocities; (E) promoting financial transparency and enhancing anticorruption initiatives as part of addressing causes of conditions that may lead to atrocities; and (F) employing a variety of unilateral, bilateral, and multilateral means to prevent and respond to atrocities by— (i) placing a high priority on timely, preventive diplomatic efforts; and (ii) exercising leadership in promoting international efforts to prevent atrocities. SEC. 4. TRAINING OF FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICERS IN CONFLICT AND ATROCITIES PREVENTION. 
Section 708 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4028) is amended in subsection (a)(1)— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) for Foreign Service Officers who will be assigned to a country experiencing or at risk of mass atrocities, as determined by the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and relevant civil society organizations, instruction on recognizing patterns of escalation and early warning signs of potential atrocities, and methods of preventing and responding to atrocities, including conflict assessment methods, peacebuilding, mediation for prevention, early action and response, and appropriate transitional justice measures to address atrocities.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter for the following six years, the President shall transmit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate a report, with a classified annex if necessary, that includes— (1) a review, in consultation with appropriate interagency representatives, including the Board, consisting of a detailed description of— (A) current efforts to prevent and respond to atrocities, based on United States and locally identified indicators, including an analysis of capacities and constraints for interagency detection, early warning and response, informationsharing, contingency planning, and coordination; (B) recommendations to further strengthen United States capabilities described in subparagraph (A); (C) funding expended by relevant Federal departments and agencies on atrocities prevention activities, including appropriate transitional justice measures and the legal, procedural, and resource constraints faced by the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development throughout respective budgeting, strategic planning, and management cycles regarding support for atrocity prevention activities; (D) a global assessment of ongoing atrocities, including the findings of such assessment and, where relevant, the efficacy of any steps taken by the Board or relevant Federal agency to respond to such atrocities; (E) countries and regions at risk of atrocities, including a description of specific risk factors, atrisk groups, and likely scenarios in which atrocities would occur; and (F) the atrocities prevention training for Foreign Service officers authorized under subparagraph (D) of section 708(a)(1) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, as added by section 4; (2) recommendations to ensure shared responsibility by— (A) enhancing multilateral mechanisms for preventing atrocities, including strengthening the role of international organizations and international financial institutions in conflict prevention, mitigation, and response; and (B) strengthening relevant regional organizations; 
(3) the implementation status of the recommendations contained in the previous review required by this section; and (4) identification of the Federal agencies and civil society, academic, and nongovernmental organizations and institutions consulted for preparation of such report. (b) CONSIDERATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS .— The preparation of the report required by subsection (a) shall include a consideration of analysis, reporting, and policy recommendations to prevent and respond to atrocities produced by civil society, academic, and other nongovernmental organizations and institutions. (c) AVAILABILITY TO CONGRESS .—The report required by subsection (a) shall be made available to all members of Congress. 
In this Act— (1) the term ‘‘genocide’’ means an offense under subsection (a) of section 1091 of title 18, United States Code; (2) the term ‘‘atrocities’’ means war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide; (3) the term ‘‘transitional justice’’ means the range of judicial, nonjudicial, formal, informal, retributive, and restorative measures employed by countries transitioning out of armed conflict or repressive regimes to redress legacies of atrocities and to promote longterm, sustainable peace; and (4) the term ‘‘war crime’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2441(c) of title 18, United States Code. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed as authorizing the use of military force. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 1158, the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act, passed the Senate unanimously. It is the Senate version of H.R. 3030, which this body passed on July 17. The vote here on the floor was 406–5. Mr. Speaker, it is an important bipartisan, bicameral bill that ensures that the United States is a leader in efforts to prevent genocide and crimes against humanity. It deserves our unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. This is an important bill that improves our ability to prevent and respond to genocides and mass atrocities. This version of the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act passed the Senate unanimously and is the companion to H.R. 3030, which the House approved in July. It is a bipartisan, bicameral bill, and I urge all Members to join me in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1100 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1158. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
PROTECTING GIRLS’ ACCESS TO EDUCATION IN VULNERABLE SETTINGS ACT Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1580) to enhance the transparency, improve the coordination, and intensify the impact of assistance to support access to primary and secondary education for displaced children and persons, including women and girls, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1580 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Girls’ Access to Education in Vulnerable Settings Act’’. 
Congress finds the following: (1) As of June 2018, more than 68,000,000 people have been displaced by disasters and conflicts around the world, the highest number recorded since the end of World War II, of which more than 25,000,000 people are refugees. (2) More than half of the population of refugees are children and, according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, nearly 4,000,000 schoolaged refugee children lack access to primary education. (3) Education offers socioeconomic opportunities, psychological stability, and physical protection for displaced people, particularly for women and girls, who might otherwise be vulnerable to severe forms of trafficking in persons (as such term is defined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)), child marriage, sexual exploitation, or economic disenfranchisement. (4) Displaced children face considerable barriers to accessing educational services and, because the duration of such displacement is, on average, 26 years, such children may spend the entirety of their childhood without access to such services. (5) Despite the rising need for educational services, as of 2016, less than two percent of humanitarian aid was directed toward educational services. SEC. 3. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) it is critical to ensure that children, particularly girls, displaced by conflicts overseas are able to access educational services because such access can combat extremism and reduce exploitation and poverty; and (2) the educational needs of vulnerable women and girls should be considered in the design, implementation, and evaluation of related United States foreign assistance policies and programs. 
It is the policy of the United States to— (1) partner with and encourage other countries, public and private multilateral institutions, and nongovernmental and civil society organizations, including faithbased organizations and organizations representing parents and children, to support efforts to ensure that displaced children have access to safe primary and secondary education; (2) work with donors to enhance training and capacitybuilding for the governments of countries hosting significant numbers of displaced people to design, implement, and monitor programs to effectively address barriers to such education; and (3) coordinate with the governments of countries hosting significant numbers of displaced people to— (A) promote the inclusion of displaced children into the educational systems of such countries; and (B) in circumstances in which such inclusion is difficult, develop innovative approaches to providing safe primary and secondary educational opportunities, such as encouraging schools to permit children to be educated by extending the hours of schooling or expanding the number of teachers. 
SEC. 5. UNITED STATES ASSISTANCE TO SUPPORT EDUCATIONAL SERVICES FOR DISPLACED CHILDREN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development are authorized to prioritize and advance ongoing efforts to support programs that— (1) provide safe primary and secondary education for displaced children; (2) build the capacity of institutions in countries hosting displaced people to prevent discrimination against displaced children, especially displaced girls, who seek access to such education; and (3) help increase the access of displaced children, especially displaced girls, to educational, economic, and entrepreneurial opportunities, including through the governmental authorities responsible for educational or youth services in such host countries. (b) COORDINATION WITHMULTILATERAL ORGANIZATIONS .—The Secretary and the Administrator are authorized to coordinate with the World Bank, appropriate agencies of the United Nations, and other relevant multilateral organizations to work with governments in other countries to collect relevant data, disaggregated by age and gender, on the ability of displaced people to access education and participate in economic activity, in order to improve the targeting, monitoring, and evaluation of related assistance efforts. (c) COORDINATION WITH PRIVATE SECTOR  
ANDCIVILSOCIETY ORGANIZATIONS .—The Sec retary and the Administrator are authorized to work with private sector and civil society organizations to promote safe primary and secondary education for displaced children. 
The Secretary and the Administrator shall include in the report required under section 7 of the READ Act (division A of Public Law 115–56; 22 U.S.C. 2151c note) a description of any primary or secondary educational services supported by programs for natural or manmade disaster relief or response that specifically address the needs of displaced girls. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 1580, Protecting Girls’ Access to Education in Vulnerable Settings Act, passed the Senate unanimously. It is the Senate version of H.R. 2408, which this body passed last October. Again, this is a very important bipartisan, bicameral bill that will prioritize ongoing efforts to promote access to education for refugee children, especially girls. It deserves our unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this measure. The Protecting Girls’ Access to Education Act is a good bill that works to improve access for education for displaced children, especially girls. This bipartisan bill is the Senate version of H.R. 2408, which passed the House by voice vote in October of 2017. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me supporting it, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1580. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. TRAFFICKING VICTIMS PROTECTION REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1862) to amend the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 to modify the criteria for determining whether countries are meeting the minimum standards for the elimination of human trafficking, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 1862 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. 
Section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (15) as paragraphs (7) through (17), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (4) the following: ‘‘(5) CONCRETE ACTIONS .—The term ‘concrete actions’ means actions that demonstrate increased efforts by the government of a country to meet the minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking, including any of the following: ‘‘(A) Enforcement actions taken. ‘‘(B) Investigations actively underway. ‘‘(C) Prosecutions conducted. ‘‘(D) Convictions attained. ‘‘(E) Training provided. ‘‘(F) Programs and partnerships actively underway. ‘‘(G) Efforts to prevent severe forms of trafficking, including programs to reduce the vulnerability of particularly vulnerable populations, involving survivors of trafficking in community engagement and policy making, engagement with foreign migrants, ending recruitment fees, and other such measures. ‘‘(H) Victim services offered, including immigration services and restitution. ‘‘(I) The amount of money the government has committed to the actions described in subparagraphs (A) through (H). ‘‘(6) CREDIBLE INFORMATION .—The term ‘credible information’ includes all of the following: ‘‘(A) Reports by the Department of State. ‘‘(B) Reports of other Federal agencies, including the Department of Labor’s List of Goods Produced by Child Labor or Forced Labor and List of Products Produced by Forced Labor or Indentured Child Labor. ‘‘(C) Documentation provided by a foreign country, including— ‘‘(i) copies of relevant laws, regulations, and policies adopted or modified; and ‘‘(ii) an official record of enforcement actions taken, judicial proceedings, training conducted, consultations conducted, programs and partnerships launched, and services provided. ‘‘(D) Materials developed by civil society organizations. ‘‘(E) Information from survivors of human trafficking, vulnerable persons, and whistleblowers. ‘‘(F) All relevant media and academic reports that, in light of reason and common sense, are worthy of belief. ‘‘(G) Information developed by multilateral institutions. ‘‘(H) An assessment of the impact of the actions described in subparagraphs (A) through (I) of paragraph (5) on the prevalence of human trafficking in the country.’’. SEC. 3. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) P RIVATE SECTOR SUPPORT TO STRENGTH ENLAWENFORCEMENT AGENCIES AND THE  ROLE OF PRIVATE BUSINESSES IN PREVENTING  
AND COMBATING CHILD SEXTRAFFICKING .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the President should work with the private sector to explore, develop, and use technology that strengthens Federal law enforcement capabilities to combat traffickers and criminal networks; and (2) private businesses, both domestic and international, should take every reasonable step to prevent and combat child sex trafficking. (b) EFFORTS TO ENDMODERN SLAVERY .—It is the sense of Congress that any future authorization of appropriations to carry out the grant program authorized under section 1298 of the Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (22 U.S.C. 7114) should simultaneously extend the accountability provisions under subsections (c), (d), and (e) of such section. 
Section 106(g) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7104(g)) is amended— (1) by redesignating clauses (i) through (iv) as paragraphs (1) through (4), respectively, and moving such paragraphs 4 ems to the left; and (2) in paragraph (4), as redesignated— (A) by redesignating subclauses (I) through (V) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respectively, and moving such subparagraphs 4 ems to the left; (B) in subparagraph (B), as redesignated, by redesignating items (aa) and (bb) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and moving such clauses 4 ems to the left; and (C) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘unreasonable placement or recruitment fees’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘placement or recruitment fees.’’. 
SEC. 5. MINIMUM STANDARDS FOR THE ELIMINATION OF TRAFFICKING. 
Section 108(b)(7) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7106(b)(7)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or enable’’ after ‘‘condone’’. 
SEC. 6. ACTIONS AGAINST GOVERNMENTS FAILING TO MEET MINIMUM STANDARDS. 
Section 110(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘The report should’’ and inserting ‘‘The report shall, to the extent concurrent reporting data is available, cover efforts and activities taking place during the period between April 1 of the year preceding the report and March 31 of the year in which the report is made, and should’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘based only on concrete actions taken by the country that are recorded during the reporting period’’ after ‘‘such standards’’; (C) in subparagraph (B) by inserting ‘‘based only on concrete actions taken by the country (excluding any commitments by the country to take additional future steps during the next year) that are recorded during the reporting period’’ after ‘‘compliance’’; (D) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (E) in subparagraph (G), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) for each country included in a different list than the country had been placed 
in the previous annual report, a detailed explanation of how the concrete actions (or lack of such actions) undertaken (or not undertaken) by the country during the previous reporting period contributed to such change, including a clear linkage between such actions and the minimum standards enumerated in section 108.’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(iii)— (i) in subclause (I), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a period; and (iii) by striking subclause (III); (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the last annual report’’ and inserting ‘‘April 1 of the previous year’’; (C) in subparagraph (D)(ii), by striking ‘‘2 years’’ and inserting ‘‘1 year’’; and (D) in subparagraph (E)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by striking ‘‘PUBLIC ’’ and inserting ‘‘C ONGRES SIONAL ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘shall provide’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘shall— ‘‘(i) provide a detailed description of the credible information supporting such determination on a publicly available website maintained by the Department of State; and ‘‘(ii) offer to brief the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives on any written plan submitted by the country under subparagraph (D)(ii)(I), with an opportunity to review the written plan.’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting a period; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) the extent to which the government of the country is devoting sufficient budgetary resources— ‘‘(i) to investigate and prosecute acts of severe trafficking in persons; ‘‘(ii) to convict and sentence persons responsible for such acts; and ‘‘(iii) to obtain restitution for victims of human trafficking; ‘‘(E) the extent to which the government of the country is devoting sufficient budgetary resources— ‘‘(i) to protect and support victims of trafficking in persons; and ‘‘(ii) to prevent severe forms of trafficking in persons; and ‘‘(F) the extent to which the government of the country has consulted with domestic and international civil society organizations that resulted in concrete actions to improve the provision of services to victims of trafficking in persons.’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) ACTION PLANS FOR COUNTRIES UP GRADED TO TIER 2 WATCHLIST .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the release of the annual Trafficking in Persons Report, the Secretary of State, acting through the AmbassadoratLarge of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking and the Assistant Secretary of the appropriate regional bureau, in consultation with appropriate officials from the government of each country described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii), and with the assistance of the United States Ambassador or Charge d’Affaires in each country, shall— ‘‘(i) prepare an action plan for each country upgraded from Tier 3 to Tier 2 Watchlist to further improve such country’s tier ranking under this subsection; and ‘‘(ii) present the relevant action plan to the government of each such country. ‘‘(B) CONTENTS .—Each action plan prepared under this paragraph— ‘‘(i) shall include specific concrete actions to be taken by the country to substantively address deficiencies preventing the country from meeting Tier 2 standards, based on credible information; and ‘‘(ii) should be focused on shortterm and multiyear goals. ‘‘(C) BRIEFINGS .—The AmbassadoratLarge of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking and all appropriate regional Assistant Secretaries shall make themselves available to brief the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives on the implementation of each action plan prepared under this paragraph. ‘‘(D) SAVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this paragraph may be construed as modifying— ‘‘(i) minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking under section 108; or ‘‘(ii) the actions against governments failing to meet minimum standards under this section or the criteria for placement on the Special Watch List under paragraph (2).’’. 
SEC. 7. COMMUNICATION WITH GOVERNMENTS OF COUNTRIES DESIGNATED AS TIER 2 WATCH LIST COUNTRIES ON THE TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not less than annually, the Secretary of State shall provide, to the foreign minister of each country that has been downgraded to a ‘‘Tier 2 Watch List’’ country pursuant to the Trafficking in Persons report submitted under section 110(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b))— (1) a copy of the annual Trafficking in Persons report; and (2) information pertinent to that country’s downgrade, including— (A) confirmation of the country’s designation to the Tier 2 Watch List; (B) the implications associated with such designation and the consequences for the country of a downgrade to Tier 3; (C) the factors that contributed to the downgrade; and (D) the steps that the country must take to be considered for an upgrade in status of designation. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING COMMU NICATIONS .—It is the sense of Congress that, given the gravity of a Tier 2 Watch List designation, the Secretary of State should communicate the information described in subsection (a) to the foreign minister of any country downgraded to the Tier 2 Watch List. 
SEC. 8. UNITED STATES SUPPORT FOR INTEGRATION OF ANTITRAFFICKING INTERVENTIONS IN MULTILATERAL DEVELOPMENT BANKS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State, acting through the Ambassador at Large for Monitoring and Combating Trafficking in Persons, shall instruct the United States Executive Director of each multilateral development bank to initiate discussions with the other executive directors and management of the respective multilateral development bank to— (1) further develop antihuman trafficking provisions in relevant project development, safeguards, procurement, and evaluation policies; (2) employing a riskbased approach, require human trafficking risk assessments and integration plans as a routine part of developing projects through existing, forthcoming or new mechanisms and processes; (3) support analyses of the impact of severe forms of trafficking in persons on key indicators of economic and social development and of the benefits of reducing human trafficking on economic and social development; (4) support the proactive integration of effective antitrafficking interventions into projects with the objectives of enhancing development outcomes and reducing the incidence of severe forms of trafficking in project areas; (5) increase the capacity of multilateral development banks and of recipient governments to conduct human trafficking risk assessments and integrate antitrafficking interventions into projects; (6) support the development of meaningful risk mitigation and reduction policies, regulations, and strategies within the multilateral development banks to reduce the incidence and prevalence of severe forms of trafficking in persons and enhance development outcomes that may be improved by reducing the incidence and prevalence of human trafficking; and (7) support the inclusion of human trafficking risk analysis in the development of relevant country strategies by each multilateral development bank. (b) BRIEFINGS .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall make relevant officials available to brief the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives on the implementation of this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 1862, the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act, passed the Senate unanimously. It is part of a package of bipartisan bills negotiated between the House and the Senate to reauthorize, reform, and strengthen our Nation’s efforts to combat human trafficking. Mr. Speaker, it deserves our unanimous support, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. This is another good measure to strengthen our government’s response to the horrific practice of human trafficking. The Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act passed the Senate with strong bipartisan support. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting its passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by 
the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1862. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
WOMEN’S ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND ECONOMIC EMPOWERMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3247) to improve programs and activities relating to women’s entrepreneurship and economic empowerment that are carried out by the United States Agency for International Development, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3247 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act of 2018’’. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Because women make up the majority of the world’s poor and gender inequalities prevail in incomes, wages, access to finance, ownership of assets, and control over the allocation of resources, women’s entrepreneurship and economic empowerment is important to achieve inclusive economic growth at all levels of society. (2) Research shows that when women exert greater influence over household finances, economic outcomes for families improve, and childhood survival rates, food security, and educational attainment increase. Women also tend to place a greater emphasis on household savings which improves family financial resiliency. (3) A 2016 report by the McKinsey Global Institute estimated that achieving global gender parity in economic activity could add as much as $28,000,000,000,000 to annual global gross domestic product by 2025. (4) Lack of access to financial services that address genderspecific constraints impedes women’s economic inclusion. Roughly 1,000,000,000 women around the world are currently left out of the formal financial system, which causes many women to rely on informal means of saving and borrowing that are riskier and less reliable. (5) Among other consequences, this lack of access hampers the success of women entrepreneurs, including women who are seeking to run or grow small and mediumsized enterprises. The International Finance Corporation has estimated that 70 percent of womenowned small and mediumsized enterprises in the formal sector are unserved or underserved in terms of access to financial services, resulting in a financing gap of $300,000,000,000 for womenowned small businesses. (6) Women’s economic empowerment is inextricably linked to a myriad of other women’s human rights that are essential to their ability to thrive as economic actors across the lifecycle, including— (A) living lives free of violence and exploitation; (B) achieving the highest possible standard of health and wellbeing; (C) enjoying full legal and human rights, such as access to registration, identification, and citizenship documents; (D) benefitting from formal and informal education; (E) equal protection of and access to land and property rights; (F) access to fundamental labor rights; (G) policies to address disproportionate care burdens; and (H) business and management skills and leadership opportunities. (7) Discriminatory legal and regulatory systems and banking practices are obstacles to women’s access to capital and assets, including land, machinery, production facilities, technology, and human resources. These barriers are often connected to a woman’s marital status, which can determine whether she is able to inherit land or own property in her name. These constraints contribute to women frequently running smaller businesses, with fewer employees and lower asset values. (8) Savings groups primarily comprised of women are recognized as a vital entry point, especially for poor and very poor women, to formal financial services. There is a high demand for such groups to protect and grow the savings of women with formal financial institutions. (9) Evidence shows that, once a saving group is linked to a bank, the average savings per member increases between 40 to 100 percent and the average profit per member doubles. Investing in financial literacy, business leadership training, and mentorship are key elements to these outcomes. (10) United States support for microenterprise and microfinance development programs, which seek to reduce poverty in low income countries by giving small loans to smallscale entrepreneurs without collateral, have been a useful mechanism to help families weather economic shocks, but many microcredit borrowers largely remain in poverty. (11) The vast majority of microcredit borrowers are women who would like to move up the economic ladder, but are held back by binding constraints that create a missing middle – large numbers of microenterprises, a handful of large firms or conglomerates, and very few small and mediumsized enterprises in between, which are critical to driving economic growth in developing countries. (12) According to the World Bank, small and mediumsized enterprises create 4 out of 5 new positions in emerging markets, but approximately 50 percent of formal small and mediumsized enterprises lack access to formal credit. The financing gap is even larger when micro and informal enterprises are taken into account. Overall, approximately 70 percent of all micro, small, and medium sized enterprises in emerging markets lack access to credit. 
SEC. 3. ACTIONS TO IMPROVE THE INTERNATIONAL GENDER POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) G ENDER ANALYSIS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘gender analysis’’— (1) means a socioeconomic analysis of available or gathered quantitative and qualitative information to identify, understand, and explain gaps between men and women which typically involves examining— (A) differences in the status of women and men and their differential access to and control over assets, resources, education, opportunities, and services; (B) the influence of gender roles, structural barriers, and norms on the division of time between paid employment, unpaid work (including the subsistence production and care for family members), and volunteer activities; (C) the influence of gender roles, structural barriers, and norms on leadership roles and decision making; constraints, opportunities, and entry points for narrowing gender gaps and empowering women; and (D) potential differential impacts of development policies and programs on men and women, including unintended or negative consequences; and (2) includes conclusions and recommendations to enable development policies and programs to narrow gender gaps and improve the lives of women and girls. (b) INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT COOPERA TION POLICY .—It shall be the international development cooperation policy of the United States— (1) to reduce gender disparities with respect to economic, social, political, educational, and cultural resources, wealth, opportunities, and services; (2) to strive to eliminate genderbased violence and mitigate its harmful effects on individuals and communities including through efforts to develop standards and capacity to reduce genderbased violence in the workplace and other places where women work; (3) to support activities that secure private property rights and land tenure for women in developing countries, including— (A) legal frameworks that give women equal rights to own, register, use, profit from, and inherit land and property; (B) improving legal literacy to enable women to exercise the rights described in subparagraph (A); and (C) improving the capacity of law enforcement and community leaders to enforce such rights; (4) to increase the capability of women and girls to fully exercise their rights, determine their life outcomes, assume leadership roles, and influence decisionmaking in households, communities, and societies; and (5) to improve the access of women and girls to education, particularly higher education opportunities in business, finance, and management, in order to enhance financial literacy and business development, management, and strategy skills. (c) ACTIONS .—In order to advance the policy described in subsection (b), the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall ensure that— (1) strategies, projects, and activities of the Agency are shaped by a gender analysis; (2) standard indicators are used to assess such strategies, projects, and activities, if applicable; and (3) gender equality and female empowerment are integrated throughout the Agency’s program cycle and related processes for purposes of strategic planning, project design and implementation, monitoring, and evaluation. 
SEC. 4. DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE FOR MICRO, SMALL, AND MEDIUMSIZED ENTERPRISES. 
(a) F INDINGS AND POLICY .—Section 251 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2211) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘microenterprise’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small, and mediumsized enterprises’’; (B) by striking ‘‘and in the development’’ and inserting ‘‘, in the development’’; and 
(C) by inserting ‘‘, and in the economic empowerment of the poor, especially women’’ before the period at the end; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘microenterprise’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small, and mediumsized enterprises’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, particularly enterprises owned, managed, and controlled by women’’ before the period at the end; (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘microenterprises’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small, and mediumsized enterprises’’; (4) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘microenterprise’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small, and mediumsized enterprise’’; (5) in paragraph (5)— (A) by striking ‘‘should continue’’ and inserting ‘‘should continue and be expanded’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘microenterprise and microfinance development assistance’’ and inserting ‘‘development assistance for micro, small, and mediumsized enterprises’’; and (6) in paragraph (6)— (A) by striking ‘‘have been successful’’ and inserting ‘‘have had some success’’; (B) by striking ‘‘microenterprise programs should’’ and inserting ‘‘development assistance for micro, small, and mediumsized enterprises should’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘, such as countries in Latin America’’. (b) AUTHORIZATION ; IMPLEMENTATION ; TARGETED ASSISTANCE .—Section 252 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2211a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘credit, savings, and other services to microfinance and microenterprise clients’’ and inserting ‘‘credit, including the use of innovative credit scoring models, savings, financial technology, financial literacy, education, insurance, property rights, and other services to micro, small, and medium sized enterprise clients’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘microfinance and microenterprise clients’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small, and mediumsized enterprise clients, particularly clients owned, managed, and controlled by women’’; (C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘microenterprises’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small, and mediumsized enterprises’’; (D) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘microfinance and microenterprise institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘financial intermediaries’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘microfinance and microenterprise clients’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small, and mediumsized enterprises’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (E) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘microfinance and microenterprise clients and institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small, and mediumsized enterprises, financial intermediaries, and capital markets’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘the poor and very poor.’’ and inserting ‘‘the poor and very poor, especially women;’’; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) assistance for the purpose of promoting the economic empowerment of women, including through increased access to financial resources and improving property rights, inheritance rights, and other legal protections; and ‘‘(6) assistance for the purpose of scaling up evidencebased graduation approaches, which include targeting the very poor and households in ultrapoverty, consumption support, promotion of savings, financial literacy, skills training, and asset transfers.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—There is authorized to be established within the Agency an office to support the Agency’s efforts to broaden and deepen local financial markets, expand access to appropriate financial products and services, and support the development of micro, small and mediumsized enterprises. The Office shall be headed by a Director who shall possess technical expertise and ability to offer leadership in the field of financial sector development.’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) USE OF CENTRAL FUNDING MECHA NISMS .—In order to ensure that assistance under this title is distributed effectively and efficiently, the office shall provide coordination and support for fieldimplemented programs, including through targeted core support for micro, small, and mediumsized enterprises and local financial markets.’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), in the matter preceding clause (i)— (I) by inserting ‘‘, particularly by protecting the use and funding of local organizations in countries in which the Agency invests,’’ after ‘‘and sustainability’’; and (II) by inserting ‘‘, especially women’’ after ‘‘the poor and very poor’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (3); and (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘subsection (a), 50 percent of all microenterprise resources’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) 50 percent of all micro, small, and mediumsized enterprise resources shall be targeted to activities that reach the very poor; and ‘‘(2) 50 percent of all small and medium sized enterprise resources shall be targeted to activities that reach enterprises owned, managed, and controlled by women.’’. (c) MONITORING SYSTEM .—Section 253(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2211b(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, including goals on a gender disaggregated basis, such as improvements in employment, access to financial services, education, enterprise development, earnings and control over income, and property and land rights,’’ after ‘‘performance goals’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘include performance indicators to be used in measuring or assessing the achievement’’ and inserting ‘‘incorporate Agency planning and reporting processes and indicators to measure or assess the achievement’’; and (3) by striking paragraph (4). (d) POVERTY MEASUREMENT METHODS .—Sec tion 254 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2211c) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘The Administrator of the Agency, in consultation with financial intermediaries and other appropriate organizations, should have in place at least 1 method for implementing partners to use to assess poverty levels of their current incoming or prospective clients.’’. (e) ADDITIONAL AUTHORITIES .—Section 255 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2211d) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘assistance for microenterprise development assistance’’ and inserting ‘‘development assistance for micro, small, and mediumsized enterprises’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘and, to the extent applicable’’ and all that follows and inserting a period. (f) MICROENTERPRISE DEVELOPMENT CREDITS.—Section 256 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2212) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
MICROENTERPRISE DEVELOPMENT CREDITS ’’ and inserting ‘‘DEVELOPMENT CREDITS FOR MICRO , 
SMALL , AND MEDIUM SIZED ENTERPRISES ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘micro and small enterprises’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small, and mediumsized enterprises’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘microenterprises’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small, and mediumsized enterprises’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘microenterprise households lacking full access to credit’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small, and mediumsized enterprises and households lacking full access to credit and other financial services’’; and (B) in paragraphs (1) and (2), by striking ‘‘microfinance institutions’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘financial intermediaries’’; (4) in subsection (c), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘microfinance institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘financial intermediaries’’; and (5) in subsections (c) and (d), by striking ‘‘microenterprise households’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘micro, small, and mediumsized enterprises and households’’. (g) UNITED STATES MICROFINANCE LOANFACILITY .—Section 257 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2213) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Administrator’’ and inserting ‘‘President’’; (B) by striking ‘‘United Statessupported microfinance institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘United Statessupported financial intermediaries’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘United Statessupported microfinance institutions’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘United Statessupported financial intermediaries’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘microfinance institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘financial intermediaries’’. (h) CONTENTS OF REPORT .—Section 258(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2214(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) CONTENTS .—To the extent practicable, the report submitted under subsection (a) should contain the following: ‘‘(1) Information about assistance provided under section 252, including— ‘‘(A) the amount of each grant or other form of assistance; ‘‘(B) the name and type of each intermediary and implementing partner organization receiving assistance; ‘‘(C) the name of each country receiving assistance; and ‘‘(D) the methodology used to ensure compliance with the targeted assistance requirements under subsection (c) of such section. ‘‘(2) The percentage of assistance provided under section 252, disaggregated by income level, including for the very poor, and by gender. ‘‘(3) The estimated number of individuals that received assistance under section 252, disaggregated by income level (or an appropriate proxy for income level, including for the very poor), by gender, and by type of assistance. ‘‘(4) The results of the monitoring system required under section 253. ‘‘(5) Information about any method in place to assess poverty levels under section 254.’’. (i) DEFINITIONS .—Section 259 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2214a) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Committee on International Relations of the House of Representatives’’ and inserting 
‘‘Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘microenterprises’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small, and mediumsized enterprises’’; (3) in paragraph (6)— (A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘microenterprise institution’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small, or mediumsized enterprise institution’’; and (B) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘microfinance institution’’ and inserting ‘‘financial intermediary’’; (4) by striking paragraphs (7) and (8) and inserting the following: ‘‘(7) MICRO, SMALL , AND MEDIUM SIZED EN TERPRISE INSTITUTION .—The term ‘micro, small, and mediumsized enterprise institution’ means an entity that provides services, including finance, training, or business development services, for micro, small, and mediumsized enterprises in foreign countries. ‘‘(8) FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY .—The term ‘financial intermediary’ means the entity that acts as the intermediary between parties in a financial transaction, such as a bank, credit union, investment fund, a village savings and loan group, or an institution that provides financial services to a micro, small, or mediumsized enterprise.’’; (5) by striking paragraph (9); (6) by redesignating paragraphs (10) through (14) as paragraphs (9) through (13), respectively; (7) in paragraph (9), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘of microenterprise development’’; (8) by amending paragraph (10), as redesignated, to read as follows: ‘‘(10) PRACTITIONER INSTITUTION .—The term ‘practitioner institution’ means a notfor profit entity, a financial intermediary, an information and communications technology firm with a mobile money platform, a village and savings loan group, or any other entity that provides financial or business development services authorized under section 252 that benefits micro, small, and mediumsized enterprise clients.’’; (9) in paragraph (12), as redesignated— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘UNITED STATES SUPPORTED MICROFINANCE IN STITUTION ’’ and inserting ‘‘U NITED STATES  
SUPPORTED FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘United Statessupported microfinance institution’’ and inserting ‘‘United Statessupported financial intermediary’’; and (10) in paragraph (13), as redesignated, by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) living below the international poverty line (as defined by the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the International Development Association (collectively referred to as the ‘World Bank’)).’’. (j) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND MENT .—Title VI of chapter 2 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2211 et seq.) is amended in the title heading by striking ‘‘MICROENTERPRISE DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE’’ and inserting ‘‘DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE FOR MICRO, SMALL, AND MEDIUMSIZED ENTERPRISES’’. 
SEC. 5. REPORT AND BRIEFING BY THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall provide a briefing and submit a report to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate regarding the implementation of this Act and the amendments made by this Act, including actions to improve the gender policies of the United States Agency for International Development pursuant to section 3. (b) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The report required under subsection (a) shall be posted and made available on a textbased, searchable, and publiclyavailable internet website. 
SEC. 6. REPORT BY THE COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate regarding development assistance for micro, small, and medium sized enterprises administered by the United States Agency for International Development. (b) MATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include an assessment of the following: (1) What is known about the impact of such development assistance on the economies of developing countries. (2) The extent to which such development assistance is targeting women and the very poor, including what is known about how such development assistance benefits women. (3) The extent to which the United States Agency for International Development has developed a methodology to ensure compliance with the targeted assistance requirement under section 252(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended by section 4(b)(3), and the quality of such methodology. (4) The monitoring system required under section 253(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended by section 4(c), including the quality, appropriateness, and feasibility of such monitoring system. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 3247, the Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act, passed the Senate unanimously. It is the Senate version of H.R. 5480, my bill, which this body passed on July 17 of this year. It is an important bipartisan, bicameral bill that would expand women’s access to finance and inclusion in the formal economy in emerging markets around this globe. I thank Jessica Kelch, Andy Taylor, and Meghan Gallagher for their expert contributions to this bill and on this issue. Mr. Speaker, this bill deserves our unanimous support, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. This is a bipartisan bill that aims to empower women economically by targeting United States development assistance to womenowned small and mediumsized businesses. As the gentleman from California pointed out, he is the sponsor of the companion bill in the House. This legislation passed the Senate unanimously, and is the companion of H.R. 5480. I urge Members to join me in supporting it. Before I yield back, Mr. Speaker, I just want to say something, since this is probably the last time we will have a chance to debate, the chairman and myself, in this Congress. I have served as ranking member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee for the past 6 years, and in the new Congress will become the chairman of the committee. The gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) has served as the chairman for 6 years. I can tell you that there is no better role model than EDROYCE . The bipartisan work we have done together has really made a difference in people’s lives all around the globe. Mr. ROYCE has been a chairman extraordinaire. We have always operated under the premise that, when it comes to foreign policy, partisanship should stop at the water’s edge. And that is what we have really tried to do. I want all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to know that I could not be more effusive in praise of the chairman, the gentleman from California. It has been an honor and a pleasure serving with the gentleman and being his friend. I cannot think of anyone doing a better job than he has done for the past 6 years. I hope he will come back and visit. Whenever I have a question to think about what I will do as chairman in the next Congress, I would think about what my friend, EDROYCE , would do. Then I know I can’t go wrong. Mr. ROYCE of California. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. ENGEL. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Mr. ENGEL of New York for his friendship for over 20 years on the committee, but also for his shared leadership over the last 6 years on this committee. I would also like to thank him for his commitment over the years and for his focus on American values and spreading those values around the globe. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I wish the gentleman Godspeed. I know we will be in touch. We have been a good team. It has been great. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3247. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
NUCLEAR ENERGY INNOVATION AND MODERNIZATION ACT Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 512) to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 512 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Nuclear Energy Innovation and Modernization Act’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Purpose. Sec. 3. Definitions. TITLE I—ADVANCED NUCLEAR REACTORS AND USER FEES Sec. 101. Nuclear Regulatory Commission user fees and annual charges through fiscal year 2020. Sec. 102. Nuclear Regulatory Commission user fees and annual charges for fiscal year 2021 and each fiscal year thereafter. Sec. 103. Advanced nuclear reactor program. Sec. 104. Baffleformer bolt guidance. Sec. 105. Evacuation report. Sec. 106. Encouraging private investment in research and test reactors. Sec. 107. Commission report on accident tolerant fuel. Sec. 108. Report identifying best practices for establishment and operation of local community advisory boards. Sec. 109. Report on study recommendations. TITLE II—URANIUM Sec. 201. Uranium recovery report. Sec. 202. Pilot program for uranium recovery fees. 
The purpose of this Act is to provide— (1) a program to develop the expertise and regulatory processes necessary to allow innovation and the commercialization of advanced nuclear reactors; (2) a revised fee recovery structure to ensure the availability of resources to meet industry needs without burdening existing licensees unfairly for inaccurate workload projections or premature existing reactor closures; and (3) more efficient regulation of uranium recovery. 
In this Act: (1) ADVANCED NUCLEAR REACTOR .—The term ‘‘advanced nuclear reactor’’ means a nuclear fission or fusion reactor, including a prototype plant (as defined in sections 50.2 and 52.1 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act)), with significant improvements compared to commercial nuclear reactors under construction as of the date of enactment of this Act, including improvements such as— (A) additional inherent safety features; (B) significantly lower levelized cost of electricity; (C) lower waste yields; (D) greater fuel utilization; (E) enhanced reliability; (F) increased proliferation resistance; (G) increased thermal efficiency; or (H) ability to integrate into electric and nonelectric applications. (2) ADVANCED NUCLEAR REACTOR FUEL .—The term ‘‘advanced nuclear reactor fuel’’ means fuel for use in an advanced nuclear reactor or a research and test reactor, including fuel with a low uranium enrichment level of not greater than 20 percent. (3) AGREEMENT STATE .—The term ‘‘Agreement State’’ means any State with which the Commission has entered into an effective agreement under section 274 b. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2021(b)). (4) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. (5) COMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. (6) CONCEPTUAL DESIGN ASSESSMENT .—The term ‘‘conceptual design assessment’’ means an earlystage review by the Commission that— (A) assesses preliminary design information for consistency with applicable regulatory requirements of the Commission; (B) is performed on a set of topic areas agreed to in the licensing project plan; and (C) is performed at a cost and schedule agreed to in the licensing project plan. (7) CORPORATE SUPPORT COSTS .—The term ‘‘corporate support costs’’ means expenditures for acquisitions, administrative services, financial management, human resource management, information management, information technology, policy support, outreach, and training, as those categories are described and calculated in Appendix A of the Congressional Budget Justification for Fiscal Year 2018 of the Commission. (8) LICENSING PROJECT PLAN .—The term ‘‘licensing project plan’’ means a plan that describes— (A) the interactions between an applicant and the Commission; and (B) project schedules and deliverables in specific detail to support longrange resource planning undertaken by the Commission and an applicant. (9) REGULATORY FRAMEWORK .—The term ‘‘regulatory framework’’ means the framework for reviewing requests for certifications, permits, approvals, and licenses for nuclear reactors. (10) REQUESTED ACTIVITY OF THE COMMIS SION.—The term ‘‘requested activity of the Commission’’ means— (A) the processing of applications for— (i) design certifications or approvals; (ii) licenses; (iii) permits; (iv) license amendments; (v) license renewals; (vi) certificates of compliance; and (vii) power uprates; and (B) any other activity requested by a licensee or applicant. (11) RESEARCH AND TEST REACTOR .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘‘research and test reactor’’ means a reactor that— (i) falls within the licensing and related regulatory authority of the Commission under section 202 of the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5842); and (ii) is useful in the conduct of research and development activities as licensed under section 104 c. of the Atomic Energy Act (42 U.S.C. 2134(c)). (B) EXCLUSION .—The term ‘‘research and test reactor’’ does not include a commercial nuclear reactor. (12) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Energy. (13) STANDARD DESIGN APPROVAL .—The term ‘‘standard design approval’’ means the approval of a final standard design or a major portion of a final design standard as described in subpart E of part 52 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). (14) TECHNOLOGY INCLUSIVE REGULATORY  
FRAMEWORK .—The term ‘‘technologyinclusive regulatory framework’’ means a regulatory framework developed using methods of evaluation that are flexible and practicable for application to a variety of reactor technologies, including, where appropriate, the use of riskinformed and performance based techniques and other tools and methods. (15) TOPICAL REPORT .—The term ‘‘topical report’’ means a document submitted to the Commission that addresses a technical topic related to nuclear reactor safety or design. TITLE I—ADVANCED NUCLEAR REACTORS AND USER FEES 
SEC. 101. NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION USER FEES AND ANNUAL CHARGES THROUGH FISCAL YEAR 2020. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6101(c)(2)(A) of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 2214(c)(2)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (iv), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) amounts appropriated to the Commission for the fiscal year for activities related to the development of regulatory infrastructure for advanced nuclear reactor technologies, including activities required under section 103 of the Nuclear Energy Innovation and Modernization Act.’’. (b) REPEAL .—Effective October 1, 2020, section 6101 of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 2214) is repealed. 
SEC. 102. NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION USER FEES AND ANNUAL CHARGES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2021 AND EACH FISCAL YEAR THEREAFTER. 
(a) A NNUAL BUDGET JUSTIFICATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—In the annual budget justification submitted by the Commission to Congress, the Commission shall expressly identify anticipated expenditures necessary for completion of the requested activities of the Commission anticipated to occur during the applicable fiscal year. (2) RESTRICTION .—Budget authority granted to the Commission for purposes of the requested activities of the Commission shall be used, to the maximum extent practicable, solely for conducting requested activities of the Commission. (3) LIMITATION ON CORPORATE SUPPORT  
COSTS .—With respect to the annual budget justification submitted to Congress, corporate support costs, to the maximum extent practicable, shall not exceed the following percentages of the total budget authority of the Commission requested in the annual budget justification: (A) 30 percent for each of fiscal years 2021 and 2022. (B) 29 percent for each of fiscal years 2023 and 2024. (C) 28 percent for fiscal year 2025 and each fiscal year thereafter. (b) FEES AND CHARGES .— (1) ANNUAL ASSESSMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Each fiscal year, the Commission shall assess and collect fees and charges in accordance with paragraphs (2) and (3) in a manner that ensures that, to the maximum extent practicable, the amount assessed and collected is equal to an amount that approximates— (i) the total budget authority of the Commission for that fiscal year; less (ii) the budget authority of the Commission for the activities described in subparagraph (B). (B) EXCLUDED ACTIVITIES DESCRIBED .—The activities referred to in subparagraph (A)(ii) are the following: (i) Any fee relief activity, as identified by the Commission. (ii) Amounts appropriated for a fiscal year to the Commission— (I) from the Nuclear Waste Fund established under section 302(c) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10222(c)); (II) for implementation of section 3116 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (50 U.S.C. 2601 note; Public Law 108–375); (III) for the homeland security activities of the Commission (other than for the costs of fingerprinting and background checks required under section 149 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2169) and the costs of conducting security inspections); (IV) for the Inspector General services of the Commission provided to the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board; (V) for research and development at universities in areas relevant to the mission of the Commission; and (VI) for a nuclear science and engineering grant program that will support multiyear projects that do not align with programmatic missions but are critical to maintaining the discipline of nuclear science and engineering. (iii) Costs for activities related to the development of regulatory infrastructure for advanced nuclear reactor technologies, including activities required under section 103. (C) EXCEPTION .—The exclusion described in subparagraph (B)(iii) shall cease to be effective on January 1, 2031. (D) REPORT .—Not later than December 31, 2029, the Commission shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report describing the views of the Commission on the continued appropriateness and necessity of the funding described in subparagraph (B)(iii). (2) FEES FOR SERVICE OR THING OF VALUE .— In accordance with section 9701 of title 31, United States Code, the Commission shall assess and collect fees from any person who receives a service or thing of value from the Commission to cover the costs to the Commission of providing the service or thing of value. (3) ANNUAL CHARGES .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B) and except as provided in subparagraph (D), the Commission may charge to any licensee or certificate holder of the Commission an annual charge in addition to the fees assessed and collected under paragraph (2). (B) CAP ON ANNUAL CHARGES OF CERTAIN LI CENSEES .— (i) OPERATING REACTORS .—The annual charge under subparagraph (A) charged to an operating reactor licensee, to the maximum extent practicable, shall not exceed the annual fee amount per operating reactor licensee established in the final rule of the Commission entitled ‘‘Revision of Fee Schedules; Fee Recovery for Fiscal Year 2015’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 37432 (June 30, 2015)), as may be adjusted annually by the Commission to reflect changes in the Consumer Price Index published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor. (ii) WAIVER .—The Commission may waive, for a period of 1 year, the cap on annual charges described in clause (i) if the Commission submits to the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a written determination that the cap on annual charges may compromise the safety and security mission of the Commission. (C) AMOUNT PER LICENSEE .— (i) IN GENERAL .—The Commission shall establish by rule a schedule of annual charges fairly and equitably allocating the aggregate amount of charges described in subparagraph (A) among licensees and certificate holders. (ii) REQUIREMENT .—The schedule of annual charges under clause (i)— (I) to the maximum extent practicable, shall be reasonably related to the cost of providing regulatory services; and (II) may be based on the allocation of the resources of the Commission among licensees or certificate holders or classes of licensees or certificate holders. (D) EXEMPTION .— (i) DEFINITION OF RESEARCH REACTOR .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘‘research reactor’’ means a nuclear reactor that— (I) is licensed by the Commission under section 104 c. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2134(c)) for operation at a thermal power level of not more than 10 megawatts; and (II) if licensed under subclause (I) for operation at a thermal power level of more than 1 megawatt, does not contain— (aa) a circulating loop through the core in which the licensee conducts fuel experiments; (bb) a liquid fuel loading; or (cc) an experimental facility in the core in excess of 16 square inches in crosssection. (ii) EXEMPTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to the holder of any license for a federally owned research reactor used primarily for educational training and academic research purposes. (c) PERFORMANCE AND REPORTING .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall develop for the requested activities of the Commission— (A) performance metrics; and (B) milestone schedules. (2) DELAYS IN ISSUANCE OF FINAL SAFETY  
EVALUATION .—The Executive Director for Operations of the Commission shall inform the Commission of a delay in issuance of the final safety evaluation for a requested activity of the Commission by the completion date required by the performance metrics or milestone schedule under paragraph (1) by not later than 30 days after the completion date. (3) DELAYS IN ISSUANCE OF FINAL SAFETY  
EVALUATION EXCEEDING 180 DAYS .—If the final safety evaluation for the requested activity of the Commission described in paragraph (2) is not completed by the date that is 180 days after the completion date required by the performance metrics or milestone schedule under paragraph (1), the Commission shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a timely report describing the delay, including a detailed explanation accounting for the delay and a plan for timely completion of the final safety evaluation. (d) ACCURATE INVOICING .—With respect to invoices for fees described in subsection (b)(2), the Commission shall— (1) ensure appropriate review and approval prior to the issuance of invoices; (2) develop and implement processes to audit invoices to ensure accuracy, transparency, and fairness; and (3) modify regulations to ensure fair and appropriate processes to provide licensees and applicants an opportunity to efficiently dispute or otherwise seek review and correction of errors in invoices for those fees. (e) REPORT .—Not later than September 30, 2021, the Commission shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report describing the implementation of this section, including any impacts and recommendations for improvement. (f) EFFECTIVE DATE.—Except as provided in subsection (c), this section takes effect on October 1, 2020. 
(a) L ICENSING .— (1) STAGED LICENSING .—For the purpose of predictable, efficient, and timely reviews, not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall develop and implement, within the existing regulatory framework, strategies for— (A) establishing stages in the licensing process for commercial advanced nuclear reactors; and (B) developing procedures and processes for— (i) using a licensing project plan; and (ii) optional use of a conceptual design assessment. (2) RISKINFORMED LICENSING .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall develop and implement, where appropriate, strategies for the increased use of riskinformed, performancebased licensing evaluation techniques and guidance for commercial advanced nuclear reactors within the existing regulatory framework, including evaluation techniques and guidance for the resolution of the following: (A) Applicable policy issues identified during the course of review by the Commission of a commercial advanced nuclear reactor licensing application. (B) The issues described in SECY–93–092 and SECY–15–077, including— (i) licensing basis event selection and evaluation; (ii) source terms; (iii) containment performance; and (iv) emergency preparedness. (3) RESEARCH AND TEST REACTOR LICENS ING.—For the purpose of predictable, efficient, and timely reviews, not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall develop and implement strategies within the existing regulatory framework for licensing research and test reactors, including the issuance of guidance. (4) TECHNOLOGY INCLUSIVE REGULATORY  
FRAMEWORK .—Not later than December 31, 2027, the Commission shall complete a rulemaking to establish a technologyinclusive, regulatory framework for optional use by commercial advanced nuclear reactor applicants for new reactor license applications. (5) TRAINING AND EXPERTISE .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall provide for staff training or the hiring of experts, as necessary— (A) to support the activities described in paragraphs (1) through (4); and (B) to support preparations— (i) to conduct preapplication interactions; and 
(ii) to review commercial advanced nuclear reactor license applications. (6) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Commission to carry out this subsection $14,420,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 through 2024. (b) REPORT TOESTABLISH STAGES IN THE  COMMERCIAL ADVANCED NUCLEAR REACTOR LICENSING PROCESS .— (1) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report for expediting and establishing stages in the licensing process for commercial advanced nuclear reactors that will allow implementation of the licensing process by not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘report’’). (2) COORDINATION AND STAKEHOLDER  
INPUT .—In developing the report, the Commission shall seek input from the Secretary, the nuclear energy industry, a diverse set of technology developers, and other public stakeholders. (3) COST AND SCHEDULE ESTIMATES .—The re port shall include proposed cost estimates, budgets, and timeframes for implementing strategies to establish stages in the licensing process for commercial advanced nuclear reactor technologies. (4) REQUIRED EVALUATIONS .—Consistent with the role of the Commission in protecting public health and safety and common defense and security, the report shall evaluate— (A)(i) the unique aspects of commercial advanced nuclear reactor licensing, including the use of alternative coolants, operation at or near atmospheric pressure, and the use of passive safety strategies; (ii) strategies for the qualification of advanced nuclear reactor fuel, including the use of computer modeling and simulation and experimental validation; and (iii) for the purposes of predictable, efficient, and timely reviews, any associated legal, regulatory, and policy issues the Commission should address with regard to the licensing of commercial advanced nuclear reactor technologies; (B) options for licensing commercial advanced nuclear reactors under the regulations of the Commission contained in title 10, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), including— (i) the development and use under the regulatory framework of the Commission in effect on the date of enactment of this Act of a licensing project plan that could establish— (I) milestones that— (aa) correspond to stages of a licensing process for the specific situation of a commercial advanced nuclear reactor project; and (bb) use knowledge of the ability of the Commission to review certain design aspects; and (II) guidelines defining the roles and responsibilities between the Commission and the applicant at the onset of the interaction— (aa) to provide the foundation for effective communication and effective project management; and (bb) to ensure efficient progress; (ii) the use of topical reports, standard design approval, and other appropriate mechanisms as tools to introduce stages into the commercial advanced nuclear reactor licensing process, including how the licensing project plan might structure the use of those mechanisms; (iii) collaboration with standardssetting organizations to identify specific technical areas for which new or updated standards are needed and providing assistance if appropriate to ensure the new or updated standards are developed and finalized in a timely fashion; (iv) the incorporation of consensusbased codes and standards developed under clause (iii) into the regulatory framework— (I) to provide predictability for the regulatory processes of the Commission; and (II) to ensure timely completion of specific licensing actions; (v) the development of a process for, and the use of, conceptual design assessments; and (vi) identification of any policies and guidance for staff that will be needed to implement clauses (i) and (ii); (C) options for improving the efficiency, timeliness, and costeffectiveness of licensing reviews of commercial advanced nuclear reactors, including opportunities to minimize the delays that may result from any necessary amendment or supplement to an application; (D) options for improving the predictability of the commercial advanced nuclear reactor licensing process, including the evaluation of opportunities to improve the process by which application review milestones are established and met; and (E) the extent to which Commission action or modification of policy is needed to implement any part of the report. (c) REPORT TOINCREASE THE USE OF RISK INFORMED AND PERFORMANCE BASED EVALUA TION TECHNIQUES AND REGULATORY GUIDANCE .— (1) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report for increasing, where appropriate, the use of riskinformed and performancebased evaluation techniques and regulatory guidance in licensing commercial advanced nuclear reactors within the existing regulatory framework (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘report’’). (2) COORDINATION AND STAKEHOLDER  
INPUT .—In developing the report, the Commission shall seek input from the Secretary, the nuclear energy industry, technology developers, and other public stakeholders. (3) COST AND SCHEDULE ESTIMATE .—The re port shall include proposed cost estimates, budgets, and timeframes for implementing a strategy to increase the use of riskinformed and performancebased evaluation techniques and regulatory guidance in licensing commercial advanced nuclear reactors. (4) REQUIRED EVALUATIONS .—Consistent with the role of the Commission in protecting public health and safety and common defense and security, the report shall evaluate— (A) the ability of the Commission to develop and implement, where appropriate, riskinformed and performancebased licensing evaluation techniques and guidance for commercial advanced nuclear reactors within existing regulatory frameworks not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, including policies and guidance for the resolution of— (i) issues relating to— (I) licensing basis event selection and evaluation; (II) use of mechanistic source terms; (III) containment performance; (IV) emergency preparedness; and (V) the qualification of advanced nuclear reactor fuel; and (ii) other policy issues previously identified; and (B) the extent to which Commission action is needed to implement any part of the report. (d) REPORT TOPREPARE THE RESEARCH AND  TESTREACTOR LICENSING PROCESS .— (1) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report for preparing the licensing process for research and test reactors within the existing regulatory framework (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘report’’). (2) COORDINATION AND STAKEHOLDER  
INPUT .—In developing the report, the Commission shall seek input from the Secretary, the nuclear energy industry, a diverse set of technology developers, and other public stakeholders. (3) COST AND SCHEDULE ESTIMATES .—The re port shall include proposed cost estimates, budgets, and timeframes for preparing the licensing process for research and test reactors. (4) REQUIRED EVALUATIONS .—Consistent with the role of the Commission in protecting public health and safety and common defense and security, the report shall evaluate— (A) the unique aspects of research and test reactor licensing and any associated legal, regulatory, and policy issues the Commission should address to prepare the licensing process for research and test reactors; (B) the feasibility of developing guidelines for advanced reactor demonstrations and prototypes to support the review process for advanced reactors designs, including designs that use alternative coolants or alternative fuels, operate at or near atmospheric pressure, and use passive safety strategies; and (C) the extent to which Commission action or modification of policy is needed to implement any part of the report. (e) REPORT TOCOMPLETE A RULEMAKING TO ESTABLISH A TECHNOLOGY INCLUSIVE REGULATORY FRAMEWORK FOR OPTIONAL USE BY  COMMERCIAL ADVANCED NUCLEAR REACTOR  TECHNOLOGIES IN NEWREACTOR LICENSE APPLICATIONS AND TOENHANCE COMMISSION EXPERTISE RELATING TO ADVANCED NUCLEAR REACTOR TECHNOLOGIES .— (1) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘report’’) for— (A) completing a rulemaking to establish a technologyinclusive regulatory framework for optional use by applicants in licensing commercial advanced nuclear reactor technologies in new reactor license applications; and (B) ensuring that the Commission has adequate expertise, modeling, and simulation capabilities, or access to those capabilities, to support the evaluation of commercial advanced reactor license applications, including the qualification of advanced nuclear reactor fuel. (2) COORDINATION AND STAKEHOLDER  
INPUT .—In developing the report, the Commission shall seek input from the Secretary, the nuclear energy industry, a diverse set of technology developers, and other public stakeholders. (3) COST AND SCHEDULE ESTIMATE .—The re port shall include proposed cost estimates, budgets, and timeframes for developing and implementing a technologyinclusive regulatory framework for licensing commercial advanced nuclear reactor technologies, including completion of a rulemaking. (4) REQUIRED EVALUATIONS .—Consistent with the role of the Commission in protecting public health and safety and common 
defense and security, the report shall evaluate— (A) the ability of the Commission to complete a rulemaking to establish a technologyinclusive regulatory framework for licensing commercial advanced nuclear reactor technologies by December 31, 2027; (B) the extent to which additional legislation, or Commission action or modification of policy, is needed to implement any part of the new regulatory framework; (C) the need for additional Commission expertise, modeling, and simulation capabilities, or access to those capabilities, to support the evaluation of licensing applications for commercial advanced nuclear reactors and research and test reactors, including applications that use alternative coolants or alternative fuels, operate at or near atmospheric pressure, and use passive safety strategies; and (D) the budgets and timeframes for acquiring or accessing the necessary expertise to support the evaluation of license applications for commercial advanced nuclear reactors and research and test reactors. 
(a) R EVISIONS TO GUIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall publish any necessary revisions to the guidance on the baseline examination schedule and subsequent examination frequency for baffleformer bolts in pressurized water reactors with downflow configurations. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees— (1) a report explaining any revisions made to the guidance described in subsection (a); or (2) if no revisions were made, a report explaining why the guidance, as in effect on the date of submission of the report, is sufficient. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report describing the actions the Commission has taken, or plans to take, to consider lessons learned since September 11, 2001, Superstorm Sandy, Fukushima, and other recent natural disasters regarding directed or spontaneous evacuations in densely populated urban and suburban areas. (b) INCLUSIONS .—The report under subsection (a) shall— (1) describe the actions of the Commission— (A) to consider the results from— (i) the StateoftheArt Reactor Consequence Analyses project; and (ii) the current examination by the Commission of emergency planning zones for small modular reactors and advanced nuclear reactors; and (B) to monitor international reviews, including reviews conducted by— (i) the United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation; (ii) the World Health Organization; and (iii) the Fukushima Health Management Survey; and (2) with respect to a disaster similar to a disaster described in subsection (a), include information about— (A) potential shadow evacuations in response to the disaster; and (B) what levels of selfevacuation should be expected during the disaster, including outside the 10mile evacuation zone. (c) CONSULTATION REQUIRED .—The report under subsection (a) shall be prepared after consultation with— (1) the Federal Radiological Preparedness Coordinating Committee; (2) State emergency planning officials from States that the Commission determines to be relevant to the report; and (3) experts in analyzing human behavior and probable responses to a radiological emission event. SEC. 106. ENCOURAGING PRIVATE INVESTMENT IN RESEARCH AND TEST REACTORS. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to encourage private investment in research and test reactors. (b) RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ACTIVI TIES.—Section 104 c. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2134(c)) is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘and which are not facilities of the type specified in subsection 104 b.’’ and inserting a period; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Commission is authorized to issue licenses under this section for utilization facilities useful in the conduct of research and development activities of the types specified in section 31 in which the licensee sells research and testing services and energy to others, subject to the condition that the licensee shall recover not more than 75 percent of the annual costs to the licensee of owning and operating the facility through sales of nonenergy services, energy, or both, other than research and development or education and training, of which not more than 50 percent may be through sales of energy.’’. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ACCIDENT TOLERANT  FUEL.—In this section, the term ‘‘accident tolerant fuel’’ means a new technology that— (1) makes an existing commercial nuclear reactor more resistant to a nuclear incident (as defined in section 11 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2014)); and (2) lowers the cost of electricity over the licensed lifetime of an existing commercial nuclear reactor. (b) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to Congress a report describing the status of the licensing process of the Commission for accident tolerant fuel. 
SEC. 108. REPORT IDENTIFYING BEST PRACTICES FOR ESTABLISHMENT AND OPERATION OF LOCAL COMMUNITY ADVISORY BOARDS. 
(a) B EST PRACTICES REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to Congress, and make publicly available, a report identifying best practices with respect to the establishment and operation of a local community advisory board to foster communication and information exchange between a licensee planning for and involved in decommissioning activities and members of the community that decommissioning activities may affect, including lessons learned from any such board in existence before the date of enactment of this Act. (b) CONTENTS .—The report described in subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of— (A) the topics that could be brought before a local community advisory board; (B) how such a board’s input could be used to inform the decisionmaking processes of stakeholders for various decommissioning activities; (C) what interactions such a board could have with the Commission and other Federal regulatory bodies to support the board members’ overall understanding of the decommissioning process and promote dialogue between the affected stakeholders and the licensee involved in decommissioning activities; and (D) how such a board could offer opportunities for public engagement throughout all phases of the decommissioning process; (2) a discussion of the composition of a local community advisory board; and (3) best practices relating to the establishment and operation of a local community advisory board, including— (A) the time of establishment of such a board; (B) the frequency of meetings of such a board; (C) the selection of board members; (D) the term of board members; (E) the responsibility for logistics required to support such a board’s meetings and other routine activities; and (F) any other best practices relating to such a local community advisory board that are identified by the Commission. (c) CONSULTATION .—In developing the report described under subsection (a), the Commission shall consult with any host State, any community within the emergency planning zone of an applicable nuclear power reactor, and any existing local community advisory board. (d) PUBLIC MEETINGS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The consultation required under subsection (c) shall include public meetings. (2) PUBLIC PARTICIPATION .—The public meetings under paragraph (1) shall be conducted under the requirements applicable to category 3 meetings under the policy statement of the Commission entitled ‘‘Enhancing Public Participation in NRC Meetings; Policy Statement’’ (67 Fed. Reg. 36920 (May 28, 2002)) (or a successor policy statement). (3) NUMBER OF MEETINGS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Commission shall conduct not less than 10 public meetings under paragraph (1) in locations that ensure geographic diversity across the United States. (B) PRIORITY .—In determining locations in which to conduct a public meeting under subparagraph (A), the Commission shall give priority to States that— (i) have a nuclear power reactor currently undergoing the decommissioning process; and (ii) request a public meeting under this paragraph. (4) WRITTEN SUMMARY .—The report under subsection (a) shall include a written summary of the public meetings conducted under paragraph (1). 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to Congress a report describing the status of addressing and implementing the recommendations contained in the memorandum of the Executive Director of Operations of the Commission entitled ‘‘Tasking in Response to the Assessment of the Considerations Identified in a ‘Study of Reprisal and Chilling Effect for Raising MissionRelated Concerns and Differing Views at the Nuclear Regulatory Commission’’’ and dated June 19, 2018 (ADAMS Accession No.: ML18165A296). TITLE II—URANIUM 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report describing— (1) the duration of uranium recovery license issuance and amendment reviews; and (2) recommendations to improve efficiency and transparency of uranium recovery license issuance and amendment reviews. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall— (1) complete a voluntary pilot initiative to determine the feasibility of the establishment of a flat fee structure for routine licensing matters relating to uranium recovery; and (2) provide to the appropriate congressional committees a report describing the results of the pilot initiative under paragraph (1). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KINZINGER ) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 512 makes targeted, commonsense reforms to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission’s fee structure. The current fee structure threatens to unnecessarily increase the Nation’s nuclear fleet, including the four plants I am so proud to represent in Illinois. This bipartisan bill will ensure transparency, predictability, and fairness in the regulatory process, which will help keep the United States as the global leader of clean, safe, and reliable nuclear power. This bill reflects thoughtful bipartisan and bicameral consensus on what is needed for a robust nuclear industry going forward, and I urge my colleagues to join me in voting to enact these important reforms into law. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to speak about S. 512, the Nuclear Energy Innovation and Modernization Act. This legislation contains language from H.R. 1320, the Nuclear Utilization of Keynote Energy Act, or NUKE Act, that I introduced in the House with my colleague, Representative ADAM KINZINGER . The NUKE Act passed the House in September, and I am glad to see that the Senate has also supported these important priorities for the nuclear industry. I would like to thank Senators Barrasso and Whitehouse for introducing this legislation in the Senate, and I want to thank my friend, Representative KINZINGER , for working together to advance the NUKE Act in the House. This legislation is very timely, as the nuclear industry is facing pressure from a variety of factors. Ensuring clarity and reliability for the industry will be an important step, and I believe this legislation accomplishes those goals. Mr. Speaker, before I conclude, I would like note that my colleague, Representative GENEGREEN , a cosponsor of the NUKE Act is retiring at the end of this Congress. I want to commend Mr. GREEN for his service to the people of Texas, and I want to wish him the best in his retirement. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. ISSA). Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the Energy and Commerce Committee for giving me an opportunity to, one, speak in support of this bill; and, two, take just a couple of minutes to say what is wrong with this body on one bill that you won’t see here today. Back in January, 2 years ago, H.R. 170, one of the first bills to be dropped, was put into the hopper. It was a bipartisan bill that came from the previous Congress and was dropped on the first day. H.R. 170 would reform, after more than two decades, the H1B immigration system, which is broken. Today, more people come in under H1B who are not necessary, not qualified, and not, in fact, in short supply any more than any other nanny, housekeeper, or person just to do basic work. The system has been hijacked because it has not been reformed. More than two decades ago, exemptions were placed in if you paid $60,000. b1115 Mr. Speaker, $60,000 was a lot of money in the 1990s, probably not enough for the highest hightech worker, but pretty good for a brandnew graduate with a master’s degree in the STEM field. Today, we find ourselves, again and again and again, seeing stories about organizations like the University of CaliforniaSan Francisco, Abbott Labs, and Southern California Edison that hire people who come from other countries, almost exclusively from India, and take away American jobs. We see time and time again the Americans having to train them, because they don’t actually know how to do the jobs. And, yes, they are making $60,001. This needed to be fixed, and I commend the members of the Judiciary Committee, both majority and minority, because we worked together on a bipartisan bill and passed it unanimously nearly a year ago. And for a year, we asked for a suspension vote. In these last days, perhaps the last day that I will stand on the floor, I have watched more than 20 bills come across. Some of them are pretty important and noncontroversial; some of them are postal namings and room namings. The fact is that House leadership on my side of the aisle is responsible for holding back a bill that was needed, that the President would have gladly signed, that he even spoke about to the tech community while he was running for office, that was worked out in a situation in which many companies weren’t thrilled with the reform, but they knew it was needed. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to vote for the bill that is before us, but H.R. 170 will not see the light of day from my Republican colleagues. Rather, I will call on the new Democratic majority to do what Republicans were not allowed to do. Let there be no doubt: It would have passed overwhelmingly, perhaps unanimously, on the floor. But if it is not brought up by a new Member and brought to the floor in the first few days, we as a body will be further diminished for having something we know is needed, having something we know was desired and worked out, and, because of some silent force, my own House majority, some Member or Members of the leadership, managed to spike it. I will tell you, Mr. Speaker, as my last words on the House floor, to be told by each and every member of the leadership, including the whip, the leader, and the Speaker, that they have no problem with this bill, and they know of no reason not to bring it up, to watch it not be brought up and each week be told maybe it will be there next week under suspension, I will tell you, Mr. Speaker, this is what I will remember as our least fine hour, an example of why Americans don’t trust Congress. Because, even when we agree on something, virtually unanimously, often a silent force manages to keep something that is noncontroversial from happening. Mr. Speaker, as I yield back for the last time in my time on the Hill, I want to tell you that it has been a great honor to serve here. It has been the greatest honor of my life. I wish I could go out not saying to my Democratic colleagues, the new majority: Do in the next Congress H1– B reform, that which you agreed to and which my side failed to do. Mr. Speaker, with that, I thank the leadership. Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, I ask my colleagues in the House to support this bill. I thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for their hard work, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KINZINGER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 512. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
ALASKA REMOTE GENERATOR RELIABILITY AND PROTECTION ACT Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1934) to prevent catastrophic failure or shutdown of remote diesel power engines due to emission control devices, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1934 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Alaska Remote Generator Reliability and Protection Act’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall revise section 60.4216(c) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), by striking ‘‘that was not certified’’ and all that follows through ‘‘compared to engineout emissions’’ and inserting ‘‘must have that engine certified as meeting at least Tier 3 PM standards’’. (b) EMISSIONS AND ENERGY RELIABILITY  STUDY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report assessing options for the Federal Government to assist remote areas in the State of Alaska in meeting the energy needs of those areas in an affordable and reliable manner using— (1) existing emissions control technology; or (2) other technology that achieves emissions reductions similar to the technology described in paragraph (1). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill is a targeted exemption for remote villages in Alaska from EPA’s most recent emissions rules on diesel generators. EPA and State officials have found that diesel generators compliant with the most recent standards do not work reliably in harsh, cold winter conditions. To preserve the health and safety of the people relying on diesel generators, these are less strict but actually workable standards. Our colleagues in the Senate passed this bill with unanimous consent. It is reasonable legislation that deserves our support. I see Senators WHITEHOUSE and C ARPER were supportive of this bill. It comes out of the Committee on Environment and Public Works. Mr. Speaker, I ask our colleagues to support it, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to S. 1934, which would roll back public health standards under the Clean Air Act for dirty diesel generating units in remote areas of Alaska. This legislation would undermine protections for human health, protections for the environment, and protections for our climate. Adding insult to injury, this bill is being brought up under suspension of the rules at the last minute, over the objections of Democrats. The Committee on Energy and Commerce, which has jurisdiction over the Clean Air Act and where I serve as the Environment Subcommittee ranking member, held no hearings on this subject nor considered any legislation relating to this matter. EPA already gives special considerations for diesel generators in remote areas of Alaska. These special considerations allow remote areas to use stationary diesel generators that are certified to marine engine standards rather than more stringent landbased, nonroad engines. However, all diesel generators in these areas that are model year 2014 or later, and not for emergency use, must be certified to meet EPA’s tier 4 emission standards. If they cannot meet tier 4 standards, then they must meet certain alternative requirements for particulate matter or install an emission control device that reduces PM emissions. S. 1934 directs the EPA Administrator to revise downward the existing New Source Performance Standards for diesel generators, so that these units would have to meet only EPA’s tier 3 standards rather than the more protective tier 4 criteria. Certainly, it is legitimate for Congress to consider assisting these remote areas with unique power needs and pollution problems. However, we should be looking to help these areas obtain cleaner, healthier air, not rolling back standards and pretending that the pollution and associated health and environmental problems don’t exist. Further, I note that the bill directs the EPA, in consultation with the Department of Energy, to submit a report assessing options for the Federal Government to meet the energy needs of remote areas in the State of Alaska in an affordable and reliable manner while addressing air emissions. That study is the right first step, and I would be happy to support it and then work with my colleagues to find ways to help these areas, based on the results of that particular study. Unfortunately, this bill takes the backward approach of rolling back standards and then studying the problem. Perhaps if our Republican colleagues had come to us sooner than this week, we might have been able to find a way to come together on legislation. Unfortunately, Republicans have chosen to take this up without consultation, at the last minute, over our objections. They have left us no option other than to fight. I wish it were otherwise. For the past 2 years, the Trump administration has engaged in a consistent effort to undermine the Clean Air Act and its protections for everything from mercury and hazardous air pollutants to smog and particulate matter. We have seen the Trump administration walk away from the Paris climate agreement, undo the Clean Power Plan, and gut fuel economy and greenhouse gas standards for motor vehicles. We must continue to stand firm against these actions that endanger public health, our continued economic well being, and most certainly our planet. Mr. Speaker, with that, I urge my colleagues to stand up for our public health, for our climate, and against those continued rollbacks of our Nation’s most successful environmental statute, the Clean Air Act. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote a strong ‘‘no’’ on S. 1934, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ), the only House Member from Alaska and the dean of the House. (Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for bringing this up. This is not a Trump bill. This is a bill that affects one area: Alaska. This bill was asked for by the people who live in Alaska, not New Yorkers, by people who need power, that have not had power. It has been put in, in the past, they can’t meet these standards imposed by the EPA. It doesn’t work in the cold climate. They do not have the money to buy new generators. Some say we have to protect their health. The gentleman from New York is going to shut down the clinics, the schools, and individual homes that cannot be heated, because there will be no electricity. There are no roads. I am talking about small villages, 60 people, 25 people. They all have generators now that are outdated, but that is the only thing they can afford. You know, we hear a lot from that side of the aisle, and sometimes this 
side, about how we are protecting the people. Well, let’s see how you are protecting them when they don’t have healthcare, and they don’t have schools. You really are helping them out. As usual, the other side of this aisle, unfortunately, stands on this House floor and says what is best for people when they haven’t the slightest idea. You know, I don’t wish bad luck on anybody, but maybe we want to have a blackout in New York and see how you would feel in a snowstorm. Maybe we would have some people understand that you are affecting people’s lives directly by not supporting this bill. This is a Senate bill that passed unanimously, supported by TOMCARPER, supported by E DMARKEY , supported by, I think, every Senator. It doesn’t have opposition on the House floor. Unfortunately, this is under suspension, and you will probably have enough votes to defeat this bill. Go home and feel good, say: I did the Lord’s work. I kept the air clean. I protected the people. And you are full of it, really full of it. You are hurting the people, hurting my Alaskans, my rural Alaskans. I stand on this floor and watch this time and time again. Why would you oppose something that is going to help people? Impose an unfunded mandate on these villages is what, very frankly, the EPA has done. The new ones, I might see, but the ones that are established there, I would suggest, respectfully, we ought to let them use that, so they could have heat in their houses, not airconditioning. They can keep their food frozen. They can have their clinics take care of their people. And their schools can stay open. These rural communities of my Alaska Natives, that is who you are hurting. I hear it all the time: We are going to help the impoverished. We are going to help the poor. You are not helping them. You are hurting them. When you go to sleep tonight in your nice, warm house, and you fly in your nice plane, and you get in your nice car and feel good about helping the poor people, I say you are hurting them. Mr. SHIMKUS. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. I yield to the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, just to help clarify the argument, obviously, I have a few questions. Define an isolated village. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. A village has, probably, no roads, only an airport, small, fuel has to be shipped in by air or by boat. Mr. SHIMKUS. How long would that flight be? Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. It depends. In some areas, it is 3 hours, and you are having to fly in the fuel. They have had this generator. They had enough money to buy it maybe 10, 15 years ago, and now they will have to put on a socalled air cleaner. They don’t have the knowledge to run it, and it doesn’t work. Mr. SHIMKUS. How many people are in an isolated village? Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Oh, 25, 50, 100. My village that I live in has got 550. That is all. To give you an idea, if the gentleman would yield to me for a second: If you took Alaska, all the land east of the Mississippi River, to the Atlantic Ocean, to the tip of Maine, to the tip of Florida, that is part of Alaska. In that area that I am talking about, Maine to Florida, there are 253 Congressmen and 52 Senators. Think about that. b1130 Think about that. Why I say that, there are no roads, and you are going to punish those people who finally got enough money to buy an older generator by the EPA, an unfunded mandate, and say you are helping them. Mr. SHIMKUS. If the gentleman will continue to yield for a last question, I hear that these new generators cost around $66,000 to $75,000? Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. More than that. Usually, in that area, probably about $150,000, if. Mr. SHIMKUS. So if you have 60 people, that is $1,000 each. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. By the way, there is no income. This is a poverty subsistencestyle life. They do have a school trying to improve their lot. They do have a clinic trying to help their health. But you are going take the power away because you want to keep the air pure? Shame on you. Mr. SHIMKUS. I thank my colleague for yielding. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I respect and I share the gentleman’s concern for the people of Alaska. I am talking about a bill that is drafted incorrectly. While it may be specific to Alaska, it is not specific to remote areas. So we can share compassion for the people. I am just saying, if we had done this in regular order and exchanged dialogue with one another, perhaps the outcome would have been stronger. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ), the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I spent about a year in Alaska going to college, have been back a number of times, and it is, as the gentleman from Alaska describes, a very unique area. It is unlike anywhere else in America. When you get out into these remote villages, you may fly in in a small Cessna airplane, land on a gravel strip, as I have done, and get out, and there may only be 25 or 50 people there. That is it. By the way, in the winter, it can be— what?—50, 60 below. I have seen that. And I have seen it in spring at break where we had to try to take off three different times on a runway because it had begun to soften up. The snow had begun to soften up, and we had to get out of the plane, turn it around, get back in. Eventually, we had to leave one guy behind in order to get off the ground. This is a very unique place. The poverty that the gentleman from Alaska describes is very real. So, yes, of course, I wish we had had more time to work this out. And to my colleague from New York, he and I have worked out most of these things along the way quite well. This bill came to us late, and, frankly, we didn’t have time to deal with all of the finite pieces. Perhaps we could go back in the next session and do that, but this is before us today. The problem is before us today. I believe this is a reasonable solution and that we should pass it. So, Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to approve this bill and send it to the President. I commit to work to make it even better next year. I won’t be the chairman, I understand that, but Mr. TONKO , Mr. Speaker, will be, I think, the chairman of the Environment Subcommittee, and I would work with him and the gentleman from Alaska. But this is the time, as we know, when things finally get done, and they may not be perfect, but in this case, I would err on the side of passing this bill and then finetweak it later if we have to. This is a real serious issue in these tiny, remote, impoverished villages. I would defer to the gentleman from Alaska, who knows it better than any of us, and encourage passage of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I also want to pay tribute, in closing, to our chief counsel on the committee, Karen Christian, who will be leaving us at the end of this Congress. She has been a remarkable member of the staff, engaged in the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee for years, doing incredible work, and is going off to greener pastures. After 13 years in the committee, I just want to say to Karen: Thank you for your service. Thank you for your leadership. We are going to miss you. Good luck to you and your family. Mr. Speaker, as Chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, I’m convinced we have the best members in Congress and the best staff. In her thirteen years with the Committee, Karen Christian has been one of our finest. At the end of this Congress, Karen will move on, and while we are sad to see her do, we wish her well. Karen joined the Committee in 2006 as a counsel on our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee. She’s served as both the deputy chief counsel and chief counsel of that subcommittee, and for the last four years she 
has served as general counsel of the Committee. As deputy chief counsel, Karen led several major Committee investigations, including investigations into the Department of Energy’s management of the Loan Guarantee Program, including a failed loan guarantee to Solyndra; the stimulus bill, American Recovery and Reinvestment Act; cyber security and critical infrastructure, including an investigation of Huawei Technologies; and the Federal Communications Commission’s handling of a license application from LightSquared. As chief counsel, she led the Committee’s investigations into General Motors ignition switch safety failures; the implementation of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, including the failure of HealthCare.gov; the fungal meningitis outbreak due to contaminated drugs; mental health care and treatment, including federal programs related mental health and serious mental illness; the opioid addiction epidemic; and the Environmental Protection Agency’s consideration of carbon capture technologies in developing greenhouse gas emissions standards for new power plants. And as general counsel, Karen has been responsible for overseeing and managing the legislative process for the entire Committee— that includes a 27hour, marathon markup in March 2017 and regularly battling to preserve the Committee’s jurisdiction. By every measure, Karen’s time at the Committee has been a complete success. While we are sad to lose our friend, we look forward to seeing her next accomplishments. Karen, we wish you and your family—Dave, Christian, Andrew, and Charlotte the very best. We thank you for your service, your hard work, your guidance, and most of all your friendship. Your work made a difference . . . America is better because of your efforts. Thank you and remember—at Energy and Commerce, the fun never stops. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, to Karen, from this side of the aisle, I wish her well, too. It was enjoyable working with her, and I look forward to working with the Members of the other side of the aisle in the 116th Congress on this issue and others. Mr. Speaker, we have no further speakers, so I will close saying that I am concerned about the loosely defined language in this bill. I am concerned about the attacks on the Clean Air Act that are so important to all Americans. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I will just continue to respond to what the chairman said. I think if we are going to err, we ought to err on the health and safety of Alaskans. I hope my colleagues will join us. I look forward to working with them in the next Congress? Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to S. 1934, a bill that would roll back standards under the Clean Air Act (CAA) for diesel generating units in ‘‘remote areas’’ of Alaska. I understand the motivation behind this bill, but it could set a precedent for weakening existing New Source Performance Standards for diesel generators not just in Alaska, but across the United States. I am committed to finding ways to help Alaskans in remote areas have affordable electricity while maintain health protections. Congress should tackle this issue with an open debate through regular order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1934. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, on that, I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
NATHANIEL P. REED HOBE SOUND NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3456) to redesignate Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge as the Nathaniel P. Reed Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3456 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REDESIGNATION OF THE HOBE SOUND NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—The Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge, located in the State of Florida, is redesignated as the ‘‘Nathaniel P. Reed Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in any statute, rule, regulation, Executive order, publication, map, paper, or other document of the United States to the Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge is deemed to refer to the Nathaniel P. Reed Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 3456 would rename the Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge, located in southeast Florida, after Nathaniel P. Reed, who passed away on July 11, 2018, at the age of 84. Nathaniel P. Reed was a prominent conservationist who served as an Assistant Secretary of the Interior from 1971 to 1977 and later returned to Florida to form an advocacy group to help preserve and restore the Everglades. He also joined forces with former Senator Bob Graham to launch the Florida Conservation Coalition. Renaming the Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge, which is located near his home in Florida, in honor of Nathaniel P. Reed is a tribute to his legacy of conservation and public land stewardship. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill redesignates the Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge in southern Florida as Nathaniel P. Reed Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge. We concur with the gentleman, the majority, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , on this issue. I ask all Members to please vote in favor of the resolution. It is a fitting tribute to a former Interior Department official who helped develop the Endangered Species Act and the Clean Water Act. It is a fitting tribute, and I urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3456. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
SPACE FRONTIER ACT OF 2019 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3277) to reduce regulatory burdens and streamline processes related to commercial space activities, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3277 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Space Frontier Act of 2019’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—STREAMLINING OVERSIGHT OF LAUNCH AND REENTRY ACTIVITIES Sec. 101. Office of Commercial Space Transportation. 
Sec. 102. Use of existing authorities. Sec. 103. Experimental permits. Sec. 104. Spacerelated advisory rulemaking committees. Sec. 105. Governmentdeveloped space technology. Sec. 106. Regulatory reform. Sec. 107. Secretary of Transportation oversight and coordination of commercial launch and reentry operations. Sec. 108. Study on joint use of spaceports. Sec. 109. Airspace integration report. TITLE II—STREAMLINING OVERSIGHT OF NONGOVERNMENTAL EARTH OBSERVATION ACTIVITIES Sec. 201. Nongovernmental Earth observation activities. Sec. 202. Radiofrequency mapping report. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS Sec. 301. Promoting fairness and competitiveness for NASA partnership opportunities. Sec. 302. Lease of nonexcess property. Sec. 303. Maintaining a national laboratory in space. Sec. 304. Presence in lowEarth orbit. Sec. 305. Continuation of the ISS. Sec. 306. United States policy on orbital debris. Sec. 307. LowEarth orbit commercialization program. Sec. 308. Bureau of Space Commerce. 
In this Act: (1) ISS.—The term ‘‘ISS’’ means the International Space Station. (2) NASA.—The term ‘‘NASA’’ means the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. (3) NOAA.—The term ‘‘NOAA’’ means the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. TITLE I—STREAMLINING OVERSIGHT OF LAUNCH AND REENTRY ACTIVITIES 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 50921 of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—’’ before ‘‘There’’ and indenting appropriately; and (2) by inserting before subsection (b), the following: ‘‘(a) ASSOCIATE ADMINISTRATOR FOR COMMERCIAL SPACE TRANSPORTATION .—The As sistant Secretary for Commercial Space Transportation shall serve as the Associate Administrator for Commercial Space Transportation.’’. (b) ESTABLISHMENT OF ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR COMMERCIAL SPACE TRANSPOR TATION .—Section 102(e)(1) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘6’’ and inserting ‘‘7’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Commercial Space Transportation,’’ after ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology,’’. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Transportation should make use of existing authorities, including waivers and safety approvals, as appropriate, to protect the public, make more efficient use of resources, reduce the regulatory burden for an applicant for a commercial space launch or reentry license or experimental permit, and promote commercial space launch and reentry. (b) LICENSE APPLICATIONS AND REQUIRE MENTS .—Section 50905 of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) APPLICATIONS .—A person may apply to the Secretary of Transportation for a license or transfer of a license under this chapter in the form and way the Secretary prescribes. ‘‘(B) DECISIONS .—Consistent with the public health and safety, safety of property, and national security and foreign policy interests of the United States, the Secretary, not later than the applicable deadline described in subparagraph (C), shall issue or transfer a license if the Secretary decides in writing that the applicant complies, and will continue to comply, with this chapter and regulations prescribed under this chapter. ‘‘(C) APPLICABLE DEADLINE .—The applicable deadline described in this subparagraph shall be— ‘‘(i) for an applicant that was or is a holder of any license under this chapter, not later than 90 days after accepting an application in accordance with criteria established pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(E); and ‘‘(ii) for a new applicant, not later than 180 days after accepting an application in accordance with criteria established pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(E). ‘‘(D) NOTICE TO APPLICANTS .—The Secretary shall inform the applicant of any pending issue and action required to resolve the issue if the Secretary has not made a decision not later than— ‘‘(i) for an applicant described in subparagraph (C)(i), 60 days after accepting an application in accordance with criteria established pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(E); and ‘‘(ii) for an applicant described in subparagraph (C)(ii), 120 days after accepting an application in accordance with criteria established pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(E). ‘‘(E) NOTICE TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a written notice not later than 30 days after any occurrence when the Secretary has not taken action on a license application within an applicable deadline established by this subsection.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘PROCEDURES FOR SAFETY  
APPROVALS .—’’ before ‘‘In carrying out’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘software,’’ after ‘‘services,’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such safety approvals may be issued simultaneously with a license under this chapter.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) USE OF EXISTING AUTHORITIES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall use existing authorities, including waivers and safety approvals, as appropriate, to make more efficient use of resources, reduce the regulatory burden for an applicant under this section, and promote commercial space launch and reentry. ‘‘(2) EXPEDITING SAFETY APPROVALS .—The Secretary shall expedite the processing of safety approvals that would reduce risks to health or safety during launch and reentry.’’. (c) RESTRICTIONS ON LAUNCHES , O PERATIONS , AND REENTRIES .—Section 50904 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) MULTIPLE SITES.—The Secretary may issue a single license or permit for an operator to conduct launch services and reentry services at multiple launch sites or reentry sites.’’. 
Section 50906 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) USE OF EXISTING AUTHORITIES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall use existing authorities, including waivers and safety approvals, as appropriate, to make more efficient use of resources, reduce the regulatory burden for an applicant under this section, and promote commercial space launch and reentry. ‘‘(2) EXPEDITING SAFETY APPROVALS .—The Secretary shall expedite the processing of safety approvals that would reduce risks to health or safety during launch and reentry.’’. 
Section 50903 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) does not apply to such spacerelated rulemaking committees under the Secretary’s jurisdiction as the Secretary shall designate.’’. 
Section 50901(b)(2)(B) of title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and encouraging’’. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—The definitions set forth in section 50902 of title 51, United States Code, shall apply to this section. (b) FINDINGS .—Congress finds that the commercial space launch regulatory environment has at times impeded the United States commercial space launch sector in its innovation of launch technologies, reusable launch and reentry vehicles, and other areas related to commercial launches and reentries. (c) REGULATORY IMPROVEMENTS FOR COMMERCIAL SPACE LAUNCH ACTIVITIES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than February 1, 2019, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue a notice of proposed rulemaking to revise any regulations under chapter 509, United States Code, as the Secretary considers necessary to meet the objective of this section. (2) OBJECTIVE .—The objective of this section is to establish, consistent with the purposes described in section 50901(b) of title 51, United States Code, a regulatory regime for commercial space launch activities under chapter 509 that— (A) creates, to the extent practicable, requirements applicable both to expendable launch and reentry vehicles and to reusable launch and reentry vehicles; (B) is neutral with regard to the specific technology utilized in a launch, a reentry, or an associated safety system; (C) protects the health and safety of the public; (D) establishes clear, highlevel performance requirements; (E) encourages voluntary, industry technical standards that complement the high level performance requirements established under subparagraph (D); and (F) facilitates and encourages appropriate collaboration between the commercial space launch and reentry sector and the Department of Transportation with respect to the requirements under subparagraph (D) and the standards under subparagraph (E). (d) CONSULTATION .—In revising the regulations under subsection (c), the Secretary of Transportation shall consult with the following: (1) Secretary of Defense. (2) Administrator of NASA. (3) Such members of the commercial space launch and reentry sector as the Secretary of Transportation considers appropriate to ensure adequate representation across industry. (e) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the persons described in subsection (d), shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the progress in carrying out this section. (2) CONTENTS .—The report shall include— (A) milestones and a schedule to meet the objective of this section; (B) a description of any Federal agency resources necessary to meet the objective of this section; (C) recommendations for legislation that would expedite or improve the outcomes under subsection (c); and (D) a plan for ongoing consultation with the persons described in subsection (d). 
SEC. 107. SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION OVERSIGHT AND COORDINATION OF COMMERCIAL LAUNCH AND REENTRY OPERATIONS. 
(a) O VERSIGHT AND COORDINATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Transportation, in accordance with the findings under section 1617 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (51 U.S.C. 50918 note) and subject to section 50905(b)(2)(C) of title 51, United States Code, shall take such action as may be necessary to consolidate or modify the requirements across Federal agencies identified in section 1617(c)(1)(A) of that Act into a single application set that satisfies those requirements and expedites the coordination of commercial launch and reentry services. (2) CHAPTER 509 .— (A) PURPOSES .—Section 50901 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘all’’ before ‘‘commercial launch and reentry operations’’. (B) GENERAL AUTHORITY .—Section 50903(b) of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (ii) by inserting before paragraph (3), as redesignated, the following: ‘‘(1) consistent with this chapter, authorize, license, and oversee the conduct of all commercial launch and reentry operations, including any commercial launch or commercial reentry at a Federal range; ‘‘(2) if an application for a license or permit under this chapter includes launch or reentry at a Defense range, coordinate with the Secretary of Defense, or designee, to protect any national security interest relevant to such activity, including any necessary mitigation measure to protect Department of Defense property and personnel;’’. (3) EFFECTIVE DATE .—This subsection takes effect on the date the final rule under section 107(c) of this Act is published in the Federal Register. (b) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, may be construed to affect— (1) section 1617 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (51 U.S.C. 50918 note); or (2) the authority of the Secretary of Defense as it relates to safety and security related to launch or reentry at a Defense range. (c) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT ; REPEAL REDUN DANT LAW.—Section 113 of the U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act (Public Law 114–90; 129 Stat. 704) and the item relating to that section in the table of contents under section 1(b) of that Act are repealed. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act— (1) the Secretary of Transportation shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, conduct a study of the current process the Government uses to provide or permit the joint use of United States military installations for licensed nongovernmental space launch and reentry activities, space related activities, and space transportation services by United States commercial providers; and (2) submit the results of the study to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting the study required by subsection (a), the Secretary of Transportation shall consider the following: (1) Improvements that could be made to the current process the Government uses to provide or permit the joint use of United States military installations for licensed nongovernmental space launch and reentry activities, spacerelated activities, and space transportation services by United States commercial providers. (2) Means to facilitate the ability for a military installation to request that the Secretary of Transportation consider the military installation as a site to provide or permit the licensed nongovernmental space launch and reentry activities, spacerelated activities, and space transportation services by United States commercial providers. (3) The feasibility of increasing the number of military installations that provide or are permitted to be utilized for licensed nongovernmental space launch and reentry activities, spacerelated activities, and space transportation services by United States commercial providers. (4) The importance of the use of safety approvals of launch vehicles, reentry vehicles, space transportation vehicles, safety systems, processes, services, or personnel (including approval procedures for the purpose of protecting the health and safety of crew, Government astronauts, and space flight participants), to the extent permitted that may be used in conducting licensed commercial space launch, reentry activities, and space transportation services at installations. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall— (1) identify and review the current policies and tools used to integrate launch and reentry (as those terms are defined in section 50902 of title 51, United States Code) into the national airspace system; (2) consider whether the policies and tools identified in paragraph (1) need to be updated to more efficiently and safely manage the national airspace system; and (3) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the findings under paragraphs (1) and (2), including recommendations for how to more efficiently and safely manage the national airspace system. (b) CONSULTATION .—In conducting the review under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with such members of the commercial space launch and reentry sector and commercial aviation sector as the Secretary considers appropriate to ensure adequate representation across those industries. (c) DEFINITION OF APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES  
OFCONGRESS .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (2) the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives; and (3) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. TITLE II—STREAMLINING OVERSIGHT OF NONGOVERNMENTAL EARTH OBSERVATION ACTIVITIES SEC. 201. NONGOVERNMENTAL EARTH OBSERVATION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) L ICENSING OF NONGOVERNMENTAL EARTH  OBSERVATION ACTIVITIES .—Chapter 601 of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 60101— (A) by amending paragraph (12) to read as follows: ‘‘(12) UNENHANCED DATA .—The term ‘unenhanced data’ means signals or imagery products from Earth observation activities that are unprocessed or subject only to data preprocessing.’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (12) and (13) as paragraphs (18) and (19), respectively; (C) by redesignating paragraph (11) as paragraph (15); (D) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (10) as paragraphs (5) through (11), respectively; (E) by inserting after paragraph (3), the following: ‘‘(4) EARTH OBSERVATION ACTIVITY .—The term ‘Earth observation activity’ means a space activity the primary purpose of which is to collect data that can be processed into imagery of the Earth or of manmade objects orbiting the Earth.’’; (F) by inserting after paragraph (11), as redesignated, the following: ‘‘(12) NONGOVERNMENTAL EARTH OBSERVA TION ACTIVITY .—The term ‘nongovernmental Earth observation activity’ means an Earth observation activity of a person other than— ‘‘(A) the United States Government; or ‘‘(B) a Government contractor or subcontractor if the Government contractor or subcontractor is performing the activity for the Government. ‘‘(13) ORBITAL DEBRIS .—The term ‘orbital debris’ means any space object that is placed in space or derives from a space object placed in space by a person, remains in orbit, and no longer serves any useful function or purpose. ‘‘(14) PERSON .—The term ‘person’ means a person (as defined in section 1 of title 1) subject to the jurisdiction or control of the United States.’’; and (G) by inserting after paragraph (15), as redesignated, the following: ‘‘(16) SPACE ACTIVITY .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘space activity’ means any activity that is conducted in space. ‘‘(B) INCLUSIONS .—The term ‘space activity’ includes any activity conducted on a celestial body, including the Moon. ‘‘(C) EXCLUSIONS .—The term ‘space activity’ does not include any activity that is conducted entirely on board or within a space object and does not affect another space object. ‘‘(17) SPACE OBJECT .—The term ‘space object’ means any object, including any component of that object, that is launched into space or constructed in space, including any object landed or constructed on a celestial body, including the Moon.’’; (2) by amending subchapter III to read as follows: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—AUTHORIZATION OF NONGOVERNMENTAL EARTH OBSERVATION ACTIVITIES ‘‘§ 60121. Purposes ‘‘The purposes of this subchapter are— ‘‘(1) to prevent, to the extent practicable, harmful interference to space activities by nongovernmental Earth observation activities; 
‘‘(2) to manage risk and prevent harm to United States national security; ‘‘(3) to ensure consistency with international obligations of the United States; and ‘‘(4) to promote the leadership, industrial innovation, and international competitiveness of the United States. ‘‘§ 60122. General authority ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out this subchapter. ‘‘(b) FUNCTIONS .—In carrying out this subchapter, the Secretary shall consult with— ‘‘(1) the Secretary of Defense; ‘‘(2) the Director of National Intelligence; and ‘‘(3) the head of such other Federal department or agency as the Secretary considers necessary. ‘‘§ 60123. Administrative authority of Secretary ‘‘(a) FUNCTIONS .—In order to carry out the responsibilities specified in this subchapter, the Secretary may— ‘‘(1) grant, condition, or transfer licenses under this chapter; ‘‘(2) seek an order of injunction or similar judicial determination from a district court of the United States with personal jurisdiction over the licensee to terminate, modify, or suspend licenses under this subchapter and to terminate licensed operations on an immediate basis, if the Secretary determines that the licensee has substantially failed to comply with any provisions of this chapter, with any terms, conditions, or restrictions of such license, or with any international obligations or national security concerns of the United States; ‘‘(3) provide penalties for noncompliance with the requirements of licenses or regulations issued under this subchapter, including civil penalties not to exceed $10,000 (each day of operation in violation of such licenses or regulations constituting a separate violation); ‘‘(4) compromise, modify, or remit any such civil penalty; ‘‘(5) issue subpoenas for any materials, documents, or records, or for the attendance and testimony of witnesses for the purpose of conducting a hearing under this section; ‘‘(6) seize any object, record, or report pursuant to a warrant from a magistrate based on a showing of probable cause to believe that such object, record, or report was used, is being used, or is likely to be used in violation of this chapter or the requirements of a license or regulation issued thereunder; and ‘‘(7) make investigations and inquiries and administer to or take from any person an oath, affirmation, or affidavit concerning any matter relating to the enforcement of this chapter. ‘‘(b) REVIEW OF AGENCY ACTION .—Any ap plicant or licensee that makes a timely request for review of an adverse action pursuant to paragraph (1), (3), (5), or (6) of subsection (a) shall be entitled to adjudication by the Secretary on the record after an opportunity for any agency hearing with respect to such adverse action. Any final action by the Secretary under this subsection shall be subject to judicial review under chapter 7 of title 5. ‘‘§ 60124. Authorization to conduct nongovernmental Earth observation activities ‘‘(a) REQUIREMENT .—No person may conduct any nongovernmental Earth observation activity without an authorization issued under this subchapter. ‘‘(b) WAIVERS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Director of National Intelligence, and the head of such other Federal agency as the Secretary considers appropriate, may waive a requirement under this subchapter for a nongovernmental Earth observation activity, or for a type or class of nongovernmental Earth observation activities, if the Secretary decides that granting a waiver is consistent with section 60121. ‘‘(2) STANDARDS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of the Space Frontier Act of 2019, the Secretary shall establish standards, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the head of such other Federal agency as the Secretary considers appropriate, for determining de minimis Earth observation activities that would be eligible for a waiver under paragraph (1). ‘‘(c) COVERAGE OF AUTHORIZATION .—The Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, require a single authorization for a person— ‘‘(1) to conduct multiple Earth observation activities using a single space object; ‘‘(2) to operate multiple space objects carrying out substantially similar Earth observation activities; or ‘‘(3) to use multiple space objects to carry out a single Earth observation activity. ‘‘(d) APPLICATION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—A person seeking an authorization under this subchapter shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require for the purposes described in section 60121, including— ‘‘(A) a description of the proposed Earth observation activity, including— ‘‘(i) a physical and functional description of each space object; ‘‘(ii) the orbital characteristics of each space object, including altitude, inclination, orbital period, and estimated operational lifetime; and ‘‘(iii) a list of the names of all persons that have or will have direct operational or financial control of the Earth observation activity; ‘‘(B) a plan to prevent orbital debris consistent with the 2001 United States Orbital Debris Mitigation Standard Practices or any subsequent revision thereof; and ‘‘(C) a description of the capabilities of each instrument to be used to observe the Earth in the conduct of the Earth observation activity. ‘‘(2) APPLICATION STATUS .—Not later than 14 days after the date of receipt of an application, the Secretary shall make a determination whether the application is complete or incomplete and notify the applicant of that determination, including, if incomplete, the reason the application is incomplete. ‘‘(e) REVIEW .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date that the Secretary makes a determination under subsection (d)(2) that an application is complete, the Secretary shall review all information provided in that application and, subject to the provisions of this subsection, notify the applicant in writing whether the application was approved, with or without conditions, or denied. ‘‘(2) APPROVALS .—The Secretary shall approve an application under this subsection if the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(A) the Earth observation activity is consistent with the purposes described in section 60121; and ‘‘(B) the applicant is in compliance, and will continue to comply, with this subchapter, including regulations. ‘‘(3) DENIALS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—If an application under this subsection is denied, the Secretary— ‘‘(i) shall include in the notification under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(I) a reason for the denial; and ‘‘(II) a description of each deficiency, including guidance on how to correct the deficiency; ‘‘(ii) shall sign the notification under paragraph (1); ‘‘(iii) may not delegate the duty under clause (ii); and ‘‘(iv) shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a copy of the notification. ‘‘(B) INTERAGENCY REVIEW .—Not later than 3 days after the date that the Secretary makes a determination under subsection (d)(2) that an application is complete, the Secretary shall consult with the head of each Federal department and agency described in section 60122(b) and if any head of such Federal department or agency does not support approving the application— ‘‘(i) that head of another Federal department or agency— ‘‘(I) not later than 60 days after the date of the consultation, shall notify the Secretary, in writing, of the reason for withholding support, including a description of each deficiency and guidance on how to correct the deficiency; ‘‘(II) shall sign the notification under subclause (I); and ‘‘(III) may not delegate the duty under subclause (II), except the Secretary of Defense may delegate the duty under subclause (II) to an Under Secretary of Defense; and ‘‘(ii) subject to all applicable laws, the Secretary shall include the notification under clause (i) in the notification under paragraph (1), including classified information if— ‘‘(I) the Secretary of Defense or Director of National Intelligence, as appropriate, determines that disclosure of the classified information is appropriate; and ‘‘(II) the applicant has the required security clearance for that classified information. ‘‘(C) INTERAGENCY ASSENTS .—If the head of another Federal department or agency does not notify the Secretary under subparagraph (B)(i)(I) within the time specified in that subparagraph, that head of another Federal department or agency shall be deemed to have assented to the application. ‘‘(D) INTERAGENCY DISSENTS .—If, during the review of an application under paragraph (1), a head of a Federal department or agency described in subparagraph (B) disagrees with the Secretary or the head of another Federal department or agency described in subparagraph (B) with respect to a deficiency under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit the matter to the President, who shall resolve the dispute before the applicable deadline under paragraph (1). ‘‘(E) DEFICIENCIES .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) provide each applicant under this paragraph with a reasonable opportunity— ‘‘(I) to correct each deficiency identified under subparagraph (A)(i)(II); and ‘‘(II) to resubmit a corrected application for reconsideration; and ‘‘(ii) not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of a corrected application under clause (i)(II), make a determination whether to approve the application or not, in consultation with— ‘‘(I) each head of another Federal department or agency that submitted a notification under subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(II) the head of such other Federal department or agency as the Secretary considers necessary. ‘‘(F) IMPROPER BASIS FOR DENIAL .— ‘‘(i) COMPETITION .—The Secretary shall not deny an application under this subsection in order to protect any existing Earth observation activity from competition. 
‘‘(ii) C APABILITIES .—The Secretary shall not, to the maximum extent practicable, deny an application under this subsection based solely on the capabilities of the Earth observation activity if those capabilities— ‘‘(I) are commercially available; or ‘‘(II) are reasonably expected to be made commercially available, not later than 3 years after the date of the application, in the international or domestic marketplace. ‘‘(iii) APPLICABILITY .—The prohibition under clause (ii)(II) shall apply whether the marketplace products and services originate from the operation of aircraft, uncrewed aircraft, or other platforms or technical means or are assimilated from a variety of data sources. ‘‘(4) DEADLINE .—If the Secretary does not notify an applicant in writing before the applicable deadline under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall, not later than 1 business day after the date of the applicable deadline, notify the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives of the status of the application, including the reason the deadline was not met. ‘‘(5) EXPEDITED REVIEW PROCESS .—Subject to paragraph (2) of this section and section 60122(b), the Secretary may modify the requirements under this subsection, as the Secretary considers appropriate, to expedite the review of an application that seeks to conduct an Earth observation activity that is substantially similar to an Earth observation activity already licensed under this subchapter. ‘‘(f) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—An au thorization issued under this subchapter shall require the authorized person— ‘‘(1) to be in compliance with this subchapter; ‘‘(2) to notify the Secretary of any significant change in the information contained in the application; and ‘‘(3) to make available to the government of any country, including the United States, unenhanced data collected by the Earth observation system concerning the territory under the jurisdiction of that government as soon as such data are available and on reasonable commercial terms and conditions. ‘‘(g) PROHIBITION ON RETROACTIVE CONDITIONS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), the Secretary may not modify any condition on, or add any condition to, an authorization under this subchapter after the date of the authorization. ‘‘(2) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be constructed to prohibit the Secretary from removing a condition on an authorization under this subchapter. ‘‘(3) INTERAGENCY REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraphs (B) and (E), the Secretary or the head of a Federal department or agency described in section 60122(b) may, without delegation, propose the modification or addition of a condition to an authorization under this subchapter after the date of the authorization. ‘‘(B) CONSULTATION REQUIREMENT .—Prior to making the modification or addition under subparagraph (A), the Secretary or the applicable head of the Federal department or agency shall consult with the head of each of the other Federal departments and agencies described in section 60122(b) and if any head of such Federal department or agency does not support such modification or addition that head of another Federal department or agency— ‘‘(i) not later than 60 days after the date of the consultation, shall notify the Secretary, in writing, of the reason for withholding support; ‘‘(ii) shall sign the notification under clause (i); and ‘‘(iii) may not delegate the duty under clause (ii). ‘‘(C) INTERAGENCY ASSENTS .—If the head of another Federal department or agency does not notify the Secretary under subparagraph (B)(i) within the time specified in that subparagraph, that head of another Federal department or agency shall be deemed to have assented to the modification or addition under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(D) INTERAGENCY DISSENTS .—If the head of a Federal department or agency described in subparagraph (A) disagrees with the Secretary or the head of another Federal department or agency described in subparagraph (A) with respect to such modification or addition under this paragraph, the Secretary shall submit the matter to the President, who shall resolve the dispute. ‘‘(E) NOTICE .—Prior to making a modification or addition under subparagraph (A), the Secretary or the head of the Federal department or agency, as applicable, shall— ‘‘(i) provide notice to the licensee of the reason for the proposed modification or addition, including, if applicable, a description of any deficiency and guidance on how to correct the deficiency; and ‘‘(ii) provide the licensee a reasonable opportunity to correct a deficiency identified in clause (i). ‘‘§ 60125. Annual reports ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Space Frontier Act of 2019, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on the progress in implementing this subchapter, including— ‘‘(1) a list of all applications received or pending in the previous calendar year and the status of each such application; ‘‘(2) notwithstanding paragraph (4) of section 60124(e), a list of all applications, in the previous calendar year, for which the Secretary missed the deadline under paragraph (1) of that section, including the reasons the deadline was not met; and ‘‘(3) a description of all actions taken by the Secretary under the administrative authority granted under section 60123. ‘‘(b) CLASSIFIED ANNEXES .—Each report under subsection (a) may include classified annexes as necessary to protect the disclosure of sensitive or classified information. ‘‘(c) CESSATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—This section ceases to be effective September 30, 2021. ‘‘§ 60126. Regulations ‘‘The Secretary may promulgate regulations to implement this subchapter. ‘‘§ 60127. Relationship to other executive agencies and laws ‘‘(a) EXECUTIVE AGENCIES .—Except as provided in this subchapter or chapter 509, or any activity regulated by the Federal Communications Commission under the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 151 et seq.), a person is not required to obtain from an executive agency a license, approval, waiver, or exemption to conduct a nongovernmental Earth observation activity. ‘‘(b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—This subchapter does not affect the authority of— ‘‘(1) the Federal Communications Commission under the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 151 et seq.); or ‘‘(2) the Secretary of Transportation under chapter 509 of this title. ‘‘(c) NONAPPLICATION .—This subchapter does not apply to any space activity the United States Government carries out for the Government.’’; and (3) by amending section 60147 to read as follows: ‘‘§ 60147. Consultation ‘‘(a) CONSULTATION WITHSECRETARY OF DEFENSE .—The Landsat Program Management shall consult with the Secretary of Defense on all matters relating to the Landsat Program under this chapter that affect national security. The Secretary of Defense shall be responsible for determining those conditions, consistent with this chapter, necessary to meet national security concerns of the United States and for notifying the Landsat Program Management of such conditions. ‘‘(b) CONSULTATION WITH SECRETARY OF  STATE .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Landsat Program Management shall consult with the Secretary of State on all matters relating to the Landsat Program under this chapter that affect international obligations. The Secretary of State shall be responsible for determining those conditions, consistent with this chapter, necessary to meet international obligations and policies of the United States and for notifying the Landsat Program Management of such conditions. ‘‘(2) INTERNATIONAL AID .—Appropriate United States Government agencies are authorized and encouraged to provide remote sensing data, technology, and training to developing nations as a component of programs of international aid. ‘‘(3) REPORTING DISCRIMINATORY DISTRIBU TION.—The Secretary of State shall promptly report to the Landsat Program Management any instances outside the United States of discriminatory distribution of Landsat data. ‘‘(c) STATUS REPORT .—The Landsat Program Management shall, as often as necessary, provide to Congress complete and updated information about the status of ongoing operations of the Landsat system, including timely notification of decisions made with respect to the Landsat system in order to meet national security concerns and international obligations and policies of the United States Government.’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents of chapter 601 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relating to subchapter III and inserting the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —AUTHORIZATION OF NON GOVERNMENTAL EARTH OBSERVATION ACTIVI TIES ‘‘60121. Purposes. ‘‘60122. General authority. ‘‘60123. Administrative authority of Secretary. ‘‘60124. Authorization to conduct nongovernmental Earth observation activities. ‘‘60125. Annual reports. ‘‘60126. Regulations. ‘‘60127. Relationship to other executive agencies and laws.’’. (c) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— (1) Nothing in this section or the amendments made by this section shall affect any license, or application for a license, to operate a private remote sensing space system that was made under subchapter III of chapter 601 of title 51, United States Code (as in effect before the date of enactment of this Act), before the date of enactment of this Act. Such license shall continue to be subject to the requirements to which such license was subject under that chapter as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. (2) Nothing in this section or the amendments made by this section shall affect the prohibition on the collection and release of detailed satellite imagery relating to Israel under section 1064 of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1997 (51 U.S.C. 60121 note). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence, shall complete and submit a report on spacebased radiofrequency mapping to— (1) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (2) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; (3) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (4) the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives; (5) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and (6) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (b) CONTENTS .—The report under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a discussion of whether a need exists to regulate spacebased radiofrequency mapping; (2) a description of any immitigable impacts of spacebased radiofrequency mapping on national security, United States competitiveness and space leadership, or Constitutional rights; (3) any recommendations for additional regulatory action regarding spacebased radiofrequency mapping; (4) a detailed description of the costs and benefits of the recommendations described in paragraph (3); and (5) an evaluation of— (A) whether the development of voluntary consensus industry standards in coordination with the Department of Defense is more appropriate than issuing regulations with respect to spacebased radiofrequency mapping; and (B) whether existing law, including regulations and policies, could be applied in a manner that prevents the need for additional regulation of spacebased radiofrequency mapping. (c) FORM.—The report under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 301. PROMOTING FAIRNESS AND COMPETITIVENESS FOR NASA PARTNERSHIP OPPORTUNITIES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) fair access to available NASA assets and services on a reimbursable, noninterference, equitable, and predictable basis is advantageous in enabling the United States commercial space industry; (2) NASA should continue to promote fairness to all parties and ensure best value to the Federal Government in granting use of NASA assets, services, and capabilities in a manner that contributes to NASA’s missions and objectives; and (3) NASA should continue to promote small business awareness and participation through advocacy and collaborative efforts with internal and external partners, stakeholders, and academia. (b) GUIDANCE FOR SMALL BUSINESS PARTICI PATION .—The Administrator of NASA shall— (1) provide opportunities for the consideration of small business concerns during publicprivate partnership planning processes and in publicprivate partnership plans; (2) invite the participation of each relevant director of an Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization under section 15(k) of the Small Business Act 915 U.S.C. 644(k) in publicprivate partnership planning processes and provide the director access to publicprivate partnership plans; (3) not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act— (A) identify and establish a list of all NASA assets, services, and capabilities that are available, or will be available, for public private partnership opportunities; and (B) make the list under subparagraph (A) available on NASA’s website, in a searchable format; (4) periodically as needed, but not less than once per year, update the list and website under paragraph (3); and (5) not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, develop a policy and issue guidance for a consistent, fair, and equitable method for scheduling and establishing priority of use of the NASA assets, services, and capabilities identified under this subsection. (c) STRENGTHENING SMALL BUSINESS  AWARENESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of NASA shall designate an official at each NASA Center— (1) to serve as an advocate for small businesses within the office that manages partnerships at each Center; and (2) to provide guidance to small businesses on how to participate in publicprivate partnership opportunities with NASA. 
Section 20145(g) of title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States national laboratory in space, which currently consists of the United States segment of the ISS (designated a national laboratory under section 70905 of title 51, United States Code)— (A) benefits the scientific community and promotes commerce in space; (B) fosters stronger relationships among NASA and other Federal agencies, the private sector, and research groups and universities; (C) advances science, technology, engineering, and mathematics education through utilization of the unique microgravity environment; and (D) advances human knowledge and international cooperation; (2) after the ISS is decommissioned, the United States should maintain a national microgravity laboratory in space; (3) in maintaining a national microgravity laboratory described in paragraph (2), the United States should make appropriate accommodations for different types of ownership and operational structures for the ISS and future space stations; (4) the national microgravity laboratory described in paragraph (2) should be maintained beyond the date that the ISS is decommissioned and, if possible, in cooperation with international space partners to the extent practicable; and (5) NASA should continue to support fundamental science research on future platforms in lowEarth orbit and cislunar space, short duration suborbital flights, drop towers, and other microgravity testing environments. (b) REPORT .—The Administrator of NASA shall produce, in coordination with the National Space Council and other Federal agencies as the Administrator deems relevant, a report detailing the feasibility of establishing a microgravity national laboratory Federally Funded Research and Development Center to undertake the work related to the study and utilization of inspace conditions. SEC. 304. PRESENCE IN LOWEARTH ORBIT. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) it is in the national and economic security interests of the United States to maintain a continuous human presence in low Earth orbit; and (2) lowEarth orbit should be utilized as a testbed to advance human space exploration, scientific discoveries, and United States economic competitiveness and commercial participation. (b) HUMAN PRESENCE REQUIREMENT .—NASA shall continuously maintain the capability for a continuous human presence in low Earth orbit through and beyond the useful life of the ISS. 
(a) C ONTINUATION OF THE INTERNATIONAL  SPACE STATION .—Section 501(a) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18351(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2024’’ and inserting ‘‘2030’’. (b) MAINTENANCE OF THE UNITED STATES  SEGMENT AND ASSURANCE OF CONTINUED OPERATIONS OF THE INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION.—Section 503(a) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18353(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2024’’ and inserting ‘‘2030’’. (c) RESEARCH CAPACITY ALLOCATION AND INTEGRATION OF RESEARCH PAYLOADS .—Section 504(d) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18354(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘2024’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2030’’. (d) MAINTAINING USETHROUGH AT LEAST  2030.—Section 70907 of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘2030’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘2024’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2030’’. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) existing guidelines for the mitigation of orbital debris may not be adequate to ensure long term usability of the space environment for all users; and (2) the United States should continue to exercise a leadership role in developing orbital debris prevention standards that can be used by all spacefaring nations. (b) POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES .—It is the policy of the United States to have consistent standards across Federal agencies that minimize the risks from orbital debris in order to— (1) protect the public health and safety; (2) protect humans in space; (3) protect the national security interests of the United States; (4) protect the safety of property; (5) protect space objects from interference; and (6) protect the foreign policy interests of the United States. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZATION .—The Administrator of NASA may establish a lowEarth orbit commercialization program to encourage the fullest commercial use and development of space by the private sector of the United States. (b) CONTENTS .—The program under subsection (a) may include— (1) activities to stimulate demand for human space flight products and services in lowEarth orbit; (2) activities to improve the capability of the ISS to accommodate commercial users; and 
(3) subject to subsection (c), activities to accelerate the development of commercial space stations or commercial space habitats. (c) CONDITIONS .— (1) COST SHARE .—The Administrator shall give priority to an activity under subsection (b)(3) in which the private sector entity conducting the activity provides a share of the coast o develop and operate the activity. (2) COMMERCIAL SPACE HABITAT .—The Ad ministration may not engage in an activity under subsection (b)(3) until after the date that the Administrator of NASA awards a contract for the use of a docking port on the ISS. (d) REPORTS .—Not later than 30 days after the date that an award or agreement is made under subsection (b)(3), the Administrator of NASA shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on the development of the commercial space station or commercial space habitat, as applicable, including a business plan for how the activity will— (1) meet NASA’s future requirements for lowEarth orbit human space flight services; and (2) satisfy the nonFederal funding requirement under subsection (c)(1). (e) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator of NASA to carry out a low Earth commercialization program under this section $150,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 507 of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ OFFICE’’ and inserting ‘‘BUREAU’’; (2) by amending section 50701 to read as follows: ‘‘§ 50701. Definition of Bureau ‘‘In this chapter, the term ‘Bureau’ means the Bureau of Space Commerce established in section 50702 of this title.’’; (3) in section 50702— (A) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—There is established within the Department of Commerce a Bureau of Space Commerce.’’; (B) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) ASSISTANT SECRETARY .—The Bureau shall be headed by an Assistant Secretary for Space Commerce, to be appointed by the President with the advice and consent of the Senate and compensated at level II or III of the Executive Schedule, as determined by the Secretary of Commerce. The Assistant Secretary shall report directly to the Secretary of Commerce.’’; (C) in subsection (c)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, including activities licensed under chapter 601 of this title’’ before the semicolon; and (iii) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘Position,’’ and inserting ‘‘Positioning,’’; and (D) in subsection (d)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘DIRECTOR ’’ and inserting ‘‘ASSISTANT SECRETARY ’’; (ii) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘Director’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Office shall’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau shall, under the direction and supervision of the Secretary,’’; (iii) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (7) as paragraphs (3) through (9), respectively; and (iv) by inserting before paragraph (3), as redesignated, the following: ‘‘(1) to oversee the issuing of licenses under chapter 601 of this title; ‘‘(2) coordinating Department policy impacting commercial space activities and working with other executive agencies to promote policies that advance commercial space activities;’’; and (v) in paragraph (8), as redesignated, by inserting ‘‘, consistent with the international obligations, foreign policy, and national security interests of the United States’’ before the semicolon; (4) in section 50703— (A) by striking ‘‘Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Committee on Science and Technology of the House of Representatives’’ and inserting ‘‘Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 50704. Authorization of appropriations ‘‘There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce to carry out this chapter $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 through 2024.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND MENTS .— (1) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents of chapter 507 of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (A) in the item relating to section 50701, by striking ‘‘Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau’’; and (B) by adding after the item relating to section 50703 the following: ‘‘50704. Authorization of appropriations.’’. (2) TABLE OF CHAPTERS .—The table of chapters of title 51, United States Code, is amended in the item relating to chapter 507 by striking ‘‘Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau’’. (3) COOPERATION WITH FORMER SOVIET RE PUBLICS .—Section 218 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act, Fiscal Year 1993 (51 U.S.C. 50702 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Office’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Bureau’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on S. 3277, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Space Frontier Act is a missed opportunity, despite months of negotiations. The House successfully added some positive provisions to the bill, including: Increased the stature of the Department of Commerce Office of Space Commerce to a Bureau of Space Commerce, led by a Senateconfirmed Assistant Secretary of Commerce; Reduced from 120 to 90 days a determination for remote sensing applications; Remote sensing applications cannot be denied if a product will be commercially available within 3 years; Enhanced deadline enforcement for remote sensing applications; Included a lowEarth orbit commercialization program authorized at the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s NASA reauthorization level of $150 million. This bill contains some improvements over current commercial space law, but many bold reforms in the American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act, which passed the House unanimously, were not included in this package. We have not done enough to encourage commercial space activity, which has the potential to transform research, development, discovery, and access to space. While remote sensing reform is marginally improved over current law in the original version of the Space Frontier Act, it doesn’t go far enough. We set out to change how we think about remote sensing, a growing, constantly advancing, and increasingly commonplace industry that should be free to act unless there is a good reason to prevent that. Instead, this bill only tinkers around the edge of a threedecade outofdate law. This legislation will keep the government in strict control of American companies’ space access and actions, discouraging businesses, and damaging American competitiveness and leadership in space. Meanwhile, other countries are encouraging technology development in an effort to overtake us and grab market share from American companies. This represents a missed opportunity for American businesses that is being stifled by parochial government interests. In the bill before us, there is still room for government employees to ignore the deadline enforcement mechanisms and drag out decisions indefinitely. The bill also doesn’t guarantee that remote sensing companies will be given all relevant information explaining why their applications were not approved. There is also less of an assumption of approval for a remote sensing license application than was included in my bill. Who knows what capability will be quashed because we didn’t fully empower private industry. Congress must remain vigilant in its oversight of remote sensing licensing, and any abuse of the approval process should be challenged. My biggest disappointment is that this bill does not establish a selfcertification regime for private space missions. American space companies are moving overseas because current laws here don’t enable them to conduct business. The Housepassed bill intentionally made it easier to approve private space missions. Regrettably, the Senate killed these provisions. The Bureau of Space Commerce created in this bill needs to use its authority to the maximum extent possible to 
promote, support, and approve private space missions. Mr. Speaker, there is much work left to be done to bolster American competitiveness and foster innovation, and I hope Congress will act next year to continue our leadership in space. With this hope and expectation, I support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in reluctant support of S. 3277, the Space Frontier Act of 2019. I say ‘‘reluctant’’ because the process that brought us to this point is extremely disappointing. Many of the provisions of this bill have not been seriously vetted by the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. I doubt very much whether they were at all vetted by anyone in the Senate. And this bill makes some potentially significant changes to space policy in the United States. b1145 This is no way to legislate. However, there are some good things in the bill. I very much appreciate that the end date for the International Space Station is pushed back to 2030. Now, I don’t know if that date is the proper one, but I do know that the arbitrary decision made by the Trump administration to end the International Space Station by 2024 was wrong. As we move into the next Congress, this is something that I hope to be looking into. I am also glad to see commercial remote sensing language that will help the industry grow, while still considering the government’s legitimate security interests. In short, I will be voting for this bill, in part, because I support the development of commercial space activities and want them to flourish, while still protecting the public interest. However, as the presumptive chair of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee in the next Congress, I certainly will be revisiting some of the other items in the bill. For instance, this bill creates a $150 million office at NASA and doesn’t specify where the money is to come from within NASA, or provide any real specifics to how it will be spent. I would also note that NASA’s vital education programs receive less money than that, so this is a major new initiative and it is something that requires review. I could go on, but, unfortunately, it is clear that there is not going to be time today for a thoughtful discussion of any concerns with the bill or any opportunity to address them. That will have to wait until we have a new Congress. I plan to submit a longer statement in the RECORD which will highlight some of my concerns. For now, it is enough to say that I support NASA’s mission and a robust U.S. space industry and, for that reason, I support this bill, in spite of the awful process that got us here. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I have no other requests for time on this side, so I am prepared to yield back if the gentlewoman from Texas is prepared to yield back. Before I do, I just want to thank the ranking member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, who is, obviously, a Texas colleague and a longtime friend, for all of her good work on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee while I have been chairman of that committee. She has been instrumental in our taking to the House floor and having passed on the House floor 35 bills. Of those 35 bills, 33 have been bipartisan, and that is largely due to her contributions and her efforts to try to make those bills bipartisan. So I do appreciate having worked with her for the last 6 years. I wish her well next year, and I want to congratulate her on being the next chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time. But I would like to say, on behalf of my retiring chair, that it has been a challenge. I have learned a lot. I respect and like him. I wish him well for his future, and I hope that he will visit us now and then to see that we will have a little bit of a change in the committee. I hope that we will pass this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3277. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM COMPETITION AND EXTENSION ACT OF 2018 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7388) to extend the National Flood Insurance Program, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 7388 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Flood Insurance Program Competition and Extension Act of 2018’’. 
(a) F INANCING .—Section 1309(a) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4016(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘December 7, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘May 31, 2019’’. (b) PROGRAM EXPIRATION .—Section 1319 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4026) is amended by striking ‘‘December 7, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘May 31, 2019’’. (c) RETROACTIVE EFFECTIVE DATE.—If this Act is enacted after December 21, 2018, the amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall take effect as if enacted on December 21, 2018. 
Section 1345 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4081) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE OTHER FLOOD  COVERAGE .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Administrator may not, as a condition of participating in the Write Your Own Program (as such term is defined in section 100202(a) of the Biggert Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (42 U.S.C. 4004(a))) or in otherwise participating in the utilization by the Administrator of the facilities and services of insurance companies, insurers, insurance agents and brokers, and insurance adjustment organizations pursuant to the authority in this section, nor as a condition of eligibility to engage in any other activities under the National Flood Insurance Program under this title, restrict any such company, insurer, agent, broker, or organization from offering and selling private flood insurance (as such term is defined in section 102(b) of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a(b)). ‘‘(2) FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE ; SUBSIDY AR RANGEMENT .—After the date of the enactment of this subsection— ‘‘(A) the Administrator may not include in any agreement entered into with any insurer for participation in the Write Your Own Program any provision establishing a condition prohibited by paragraph (1), including the provisions of Article XIII of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, Federal Insurance Administration, Financial Assistance/Subsidy Arrangement, as adopted pursuant to section 62.23(a) of title 44 of the Code of Federal Regulations; and ‘‘(B) any such provision in any such agreement entered into before such date of enactment shall not have any force or effect, and the Administrator may not take any action to enforce such provision.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE  WATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the National Flood Insurance Program is a program that has a number of challenges, but it is also a vital program for Americans who live in floodprone areas. The challenges in the program are wellknown. Regrettably, it is going bankrupt. Regrettably, it incents people to live in areas that are repeatedly flooded. Regrettably, it is a program that protects a government monopoly; that is why the House, earlier this year, acted with a comprehensive reform bill. Unfortunately, our friends on the other side of the Capitol have yet to act. We do not wish to have the current program lapse; thus, we are on the floor at this very moment. This is a very simple bill. It would provide a temporary, shortterm authorization through the end of May of 2019, regrettably, I believe now, the ninth extension since the House has acted. And it also ensures that we provide certainty, certainty to the market of what the policies of the National Flood Insurance Program are. I was there in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey. And one of the great tragedies—there were many tragedies, but one of the great tragedies was how few people actually had flood insurance. So what we want is a system that, hopefully, will see more people have flood coverage written into their homeowners’ insurance policy. So the NFIP wisely had moved in the direction of what they call allowing insurance companies to not have to have a noncompete. This is a current policy of the program, but too many insurance companies don’t believe that policy will stay. So we will ensure that that policy stays through this bill, so that more people in a tragic situation will be covered by flood insurance. So, again, this ensures that current policy is at least extended through May of 2019. It adds certainty to current policy. I know in discussions with the ranking member—who has a lot of expertise in the subject of flood—we negotiated in good faith. We didn’t quite get there on the comprehensive bill, but she agrees that we need this bill, right now, to ensure that current policy is extended, at least through May of 2019. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, allow me to try and explain exactly what is happening with this proposal by my chairman, Mr. HENSARLING . Mr. H ENSARLING came to me and indicated that he wanted to add language to the reauthorization, the shortterm reauthorization of the flood insurance program. I explained to him that I had an agreement with Mr. SCALISE , and our agreement was that this would be a shortterm reauthorization that was clean; that it would be added to the continuing resolution; and that we would see to it that the flood insurance program would not lapse. So Mr. HENSARLING went to Mr. S CALISE and Mr. S CALISE agreed to it and, because he agreed to it, Mr. HENSARLING moved forward. Following that, staff members pointed out that if the language is added that Mr. HENSARLING would like to add, it was going to create a problem. It was going to create a confrontation; that we would endanger the ability to have shortterm reauthorization and, if we do that, homeowners are going to be disadvantaged because they would not have access to the insurance that they need to satisfy the mortgages that they were trying to get. So we have had a long discussion and a long debate about what the Senate is going to do and, of course, our understanding now is that the Senate will not support the language that is going to be put in that is headed by Mr. HENSARLING ; and this was going to endanger the ability for us to get the short term reauthorization. So, given all of that, and understanding all of that, yes, I made an agreement with Mr. HENSARLING that, if Mr. SCALISE agreed, that I would agree, but I want—and I have said to Mr. HENSARLING , as we had a long discussion on the floor with some of the leadership, et cetera, that one of the things we want is, we want this short term reauthorization until May, until we can get to work on longterm reauthorization for the National Flood Insurance Program. Yes, Mr. HENSARLING is correct that we do have the possibility now for private insurers who write insurance for the national flood insurance, to do both, to be able to write insurance. But we do know that even if they are able to do it now, we are not saying that we should do anything to codify that in existing law. They are saying you should not do anything to codify that in existing law, simply because it endangers the ability for the support for the National Flood Insurance Program to be reauthorized through the short term. So it is complicated and it presents a dilemma for everybody. But in the final analysis, no matter what, the real question becomes: Is it important for a shortterm reauthorization of the national flood insurance; or do we allow it to get caught up in these agreements so that we don’t have it, and then the real estate market is going to go crazy; homeowners who are trying to purchase insurance, because they can’t get a mortgage without it, all of this will be absolutely undermined. And that is the essence of what is going on. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I would just point out again, all this bill does is extend for 6 months the current policies of the NFIP. Not one single policy of the NFIP is changed in this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), the distinguished majority whip. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the committee for yielding time to talk about this important program. I want to thank the gentlewoman from California for her consistent commitment to making sure that the National Flood Insurance Program is there for families who need it, families all around the country, not just families, by the way, Mr. Speaker, in coastal areas. This is a program that affects every community in our country. It is a program that affects millions of people throughout the country, hundreds of thousands in my home State of Louisiana, but people from all around. It is an important program. Mr. Speaker, I would love for this to be a private program, where there were great options all around for people to buy private flood insurance. Unfortunately, today there aren’t; and so because there aren’t those private options, the only game in town is NFIP. So it is incumbent upon us to make sure that this program works. And it has got to be a program that is fair for ratepayers and fair for taxpayers. Mr. Speaker, over the years, we have had many different longterm and shortterm reauthorizations. It is well documented. It has been one of the frustrations of trying to get consistency in the program, but, in the meantime, it is important that this program move forward. Too many people are counting on NFIP to be there for them that have a closing on a home this week; maybe somebody’s buying a new house for Christmas and they have to have flood insurance. We need to make sure that that program is there for them. So it is important that we continue to keep this going, while negotiations will go on to see if we can get a long term solution. The House came together and figured out a way to get a 5 year reauthorization, but the Senate wasn’t able to put it together. I have no doubt in the future we are going to have those negotiations and find a way to get a longterm reauthorization for the program. I appreciate all the efforts that are being made. But, in the meantime, people know that you can’t just have this program expire as those negotiations go on. So, with that said, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank all the parties involved who are negotiating in good faith to try to get this done. Again, I want to thank the gentlewoman from California for her continued efforts to make sure that people, millions of people all across this country have that program. 
I want to thank the chairman for his years of service. It has been a long time. We have worked together, both former chairmen of the RSC, and I know he is going to have brighter days ahead. I am sure he is glad that he will have a few more days to live out his current career, but I appreciate the gentleman from Texas’ service over these years to our country in Congress. b1200 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I think that what Mr. SCALISE said is the significant question about this issue, and that is: What do we do today to make sure that we have shortterm reauthorization? If we have thoughts other than that, are we reexamining those thoughts in any way, or do we understand the danger that may be imposed upon our ability to get shortterm reauthorization with any efforts that we are making to codify or place into law the ability for private insurers to participate in the program, along with the way that they participate for the National Flood Insurance Program? I think the significant question is what Mr. SCALISE has said: Will we be able to support shortterm reauthorization with whatever we do today? That becomes the question. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the majority whip for his kind words and our ability to work together to put together a product that we are both proud of and that the House passed. Again, we regret that those on the other side of the Capitol have not seen the wisdom to put forth any plan. What we have before us is something that is quite simple. If you believe that you want to create at least 6 months of certainty for the market, for the real estate market, residential market, particularly in floodprone areas, then you will pass this bill, because this is the one that creates certainty that every single current policy of the NFIP is extended for 6 months. That is what it does. It codifies one particular policy of the NFIP, and this creates more certainty. This is what people have come to the floor to say they want. Again, I lament the fact we are not doing a 5year reauthorization. I lament the fact we are not dealing with many of the challenges that I mentioned earlier, but at least, today, we can create certainty for 6 months as negotiations continue in the next Congress. Mr. Speaker, I urge every Member to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I oppose this lastditch effort to attach harmful policy riders to the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP) reauthorization. While H.R. 7388 reauthorizes the NFIP through May 31, 2019, House Republicans have attached controversial policy reforms that have been rejected several times by the House and Senate to a bill that would keep the NFIP’s doors open. This harmful policy change was recently implemented administratively by the Trump administration. This policy reverses the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s (FEMA) ‘‘Write Your Own’’ noncompete clause and would allow private insurance companies partnering with and servicing NFIP policies to sell their own competing private policies to unsuspecting consumers. We should not allow private insurers to cherrypick the best risk policies for their own private businesses and force taxpayers to pick up the rest. The Senate has already unanimously passed a clean extension that does not include this toxic rider. The House should ensure that flood insurance remains available to millions of homeowners, businesses, and renters across the country that rely on it and pass a clean extension. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7388. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 3 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1536 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) at 3 o’clock and 36 minutes p.m. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 21, 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Clerk received the following message from the Secretary of the Senate on December 21, 2018, at 12:26 p.m.: That the Senate passed S. 2432. That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 1660. That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 3460. That the Senate passed with an amendment H.R. 6287. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
9/11 MEMORIAL ACT Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 6287) to provide competitive grants for the operation, security, and maintenance of certain memorials to victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
On page 2, lines 9 and 10, strike ‘‘, the Pentagon, and United Airlines Flight 93’’ and insert ‘‘and the Pentagon’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6287, sponsored by Congressman TOMMACARTHUR , authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to award grants through a competitive process to nonprofit organizations to operate, provide security, maintain, and increase visitation at U.S. memorials to the victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. This bill passed the House by voice vote on September 12. Throughout our Nation’s history, Congress has supported publicprivate partnerships with nongovernmental organizations for the operation and maintenance of memorials and museums of national significance. Such partnerships exist at the Oklahoma City National Memorial and Museum and the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, for example. The Senate has amended the bill to remove the Flight 93 site in Pennsylvania from the program at the supporting foundation’s request. This bill will ensure that our Nation’s other 9/11 memorials are maintained and preserved for future generations to visit, learn, and reflect. May we never forget the nearly 3,000 Americans we lost that fateful day. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6287 would provide grant funding for the operation, security, and maintenance of the memorials honoring those men and women who lost their lives on September 11, 2001. We concur with the Senate amendment that modifies the term ‘‘covered memorial.’’ We urge our colleagues to support this amendment one more time. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge concurrence in the Senate amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 6287. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
DIRECTING THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES TO MAKE CERTAIN CORRECTIONS IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 4174 Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 149) directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make certain corrections in the enrollment of H.R. 4174. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 149 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That in the enrollment of the bill H.R. 4174, the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall make the following corrections: (1) Page 2, beginning line 13, strike ‘‘has the meaning given the term ‘Executive agency’ under section 105’’ and insert ‘‘means an agency referred to under section 901(b) of title 31’’. (2) Page 19, line 13, insert ‘‘for data that does not concern monetary policy’’ after ‘‘open data plan’’. (3) Page 32, beginning line 6, strike ‘‘career’’ and all that follows through ‘‘title 5)’’ and insert ‘‘nonpolitical appointee employee’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. CUMMINGS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this concurrent resolution would correct the enrollment of H.R. 4174, the Foundations for EvidenceBased Policymaking Act, sponsored by Speaker RYAN. This important resolution has bipartisan support. I urge all Members to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the resolution before us would change the enrollment of H.R. 4174 to make several corrections to the bill. Concerns were raised earlier today about the impact H.R. 4174 would have on independent agencies, particularly financial regulators. The changes would make clear that the bill should not apply to monetary policy. It would also make clear that title 1 of the bill applies only to the 24 largest Federal agencies. The underlying bill would establish a framework to support greater access and use of government data and help ensure that Congress and the Federal agencies are able to make important policy changes based on the best available evidence. I urge Members to support this resolution and the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution, H. Con. Res. 149. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, this 15minute vote on: Suspending the rules and agreeing to H. Con. Res. 149 will be followed by 2 minute votes on suspending the rules and: Concurring in the Senate amendment to H.R. 4174; Passing S. 3277, by the yeas and nays; Passing S. 3661, by the yeas and nays; Concurring in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2200, by the yeas and nays; Passing S. 1023, by the yeas and nays; Passing S. 1158, by the yeas and nays; Passing S. 1580, by the yeas and nays; Passing S. 1862, by the yeas and nays; Passing S. 3247, by the yeas and nays; Passing S. 512, by the yeas and nays; Passing S. 1934, by the yeas and nays; Concurring in the Senate amendment to H.R. 6287, by the yeas and nays; Passing S. 3456, by the yeas and nays; Passing H.R. 7388, by the yeas and nays; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 362, nays 12, not voting 58, as follows: [Roll No. 483] YEAS—362 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks 
Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher RosLehtinen Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Amash Biggs Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Gohmert Gosar Griffith Massie Perry Rokita 
Aderholt Arrington Barletta Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Capuano Cheney Crowley Denham Ellison Eshoo Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hudson Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Jones (NC) Keating Kind Kinzinger Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Nolan O’Rourke Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Russell SheaPorter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Trott Upton Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Zeldin 
b1609 Mr. PERRY changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. COHEN and Ms. PELOSI changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the concurrent resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FOUNDATIONS FOR EVIDENCE BASED POLICYMAKING ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 4174) to amend titles 5 and 44, United States Code, to require Federal evaluation activities, improve Federal data management, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 356, nays 17, not voting 59, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Amash Biggs Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Gaetz Garrett Gohmert Gosar Griffith Harris Hice, Jody B. Johnson (LA) Jordan Massie Perry 
Aderholt Arrington Barletta Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Capuano Cheney Crowley Denham Ellison Eshoo Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hudson Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Jones (NC) Keating Kind Kinzinger Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Nolan Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Russell Sensenbrenner SheaPorter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Trott Upton Vela´zquez Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Zeldin 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, on Friday December 21, 2018, I was unable to vote on rollcall No. 490. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
TRAFFICKING VICTIMS PROTECTION REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1862) to amend the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 to modify the criteria for determining whether countries are meeting the minimum standards for the elimination of human trafficking, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 370, nays 0, not voting 62, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Arrington Barletta Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Capuano Cheney Crowley Denham Ellison Eshoo Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hudson Hultgren Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Jones (NC) Keating Kind King (IA) Kinzinger Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. McHenry Noem Nolan Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Russell SheaPorter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Trott Upton Vela´zquez Walker Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Zeldin ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, this 15minute vote on the motion will be followed by a 2minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 187, noes 184, not voting 61, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte 
Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hensarling Hern Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hunter Hurd Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Poliquin Posey Reed Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bustos Butterfield Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Harris Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones (MI) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Morelle Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Smith (NE) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wild Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho NOT VOTING—61 
Arrington Barletta Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Capuano Cheney Crowley Denham Ellison Eshoo Ferguson Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hartzler Hastings Hudson Hultgren Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Jones (NC) Keating Kind Kinzinger Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Nolan Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Russell SheaPorter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Tsongas Upton Vela´zquez Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Zeldin 
b1723 Messrs. GOSAR and DUNCAN of South Carolina changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the motion was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the purpose of inquiring of the majority leader the schedule to come. Mr. Speaker, let me just preface it: I know all of our Members are concerned. I know the majority leader, having spoken to him, is very concerned about what we are doing and when we are doing it. Members, obviously, Christmas is coming, and they want to know what they can do. I am pleased that the majority leader agreed to have this colloquy to give us a sense of the schedule as he sees it. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), my friend, the majority leader. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. Let me bring clarification. I know there is frustration. I am frustrated as well. I know we would like to be home with our family, but there is work still to be done. Wait. There is still good news. Because the flood bill went down on suspension, we do not want to leave and have that lying out there. So, after the colloquy is done, we will debate the Senate bill on flood. It will take about 30 minutes, and we will come back for another vote series. I don’t want to say anything, but if the bill passed, we would not be back. After that, tomorrow, there are no votes scheduled. We are waiting on action in the Senate. When the Senate has action, I will notify everybody, giving them ample time to come for that vote. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, the majority leader agreed to have a colloquy on the schedule. He has given us the schedule. Obviously, there are still a lot of questions, but I understand, and I appreciate the majority leader bringing us as much up to date as he can. Will the flood vote later this afternoon or this evening be the last vote that the gentleman would perceive? Mr. MCCARTHY. For today, yes. I don’t foresee more votes until the Senate acts, if that helps clarify for everyone. Mr. HOYER. I think the Senate vote is still open. Is that accurate? Mr. MCCARTHY. The Senate vote is still open. There is talk. We have our bill over there. I hope they take action. I hope they find that we can find compromise, and then we would all come back together and solve this problem. Mr. HOYER. Well, I hope that can happen. We certainly, on this side—I am sure on your side—hope that can happen as well so that we can get home to our families and celebrate Christmas. The gentleman does not expect any further votes after the flood vote; is that correct? Mr. MCCARTHY. The gentleman is correct. The only votes further will be on flood, and, after that, the only vote I see coming forward would be on funding of the government. When the Senate acts, I will give ample time for Members to be able to have that vote. Mr. HOYER. I understand the angst continues. We all have that. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
b1730 NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM EXTENSION ACT Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3628) to reauthorize the National Flood Insurance Program. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3628 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Flood Insurance Program Extension Act’’. 
(a) F INANCING .—Section 1309(a) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 
4016(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘November 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘May 31, 2019’’. (b) PROGRAM EXPIRATION .—Section 1319 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4026) is amended by striking ‘‘November 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘May 31, 2019’’. (c) RETROACTIVE EFFECTIVE DATE.—If this Act is enacted after November 30, 2018, the amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall take effect as if enacted on November 30, 2018. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. MAC ARTHUR ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is an unfortunate day where we are once again extending the National Flood Program for—I don’t know how many times we have done this. We have been unable to get to the basic reforms that this program demands. But, Mr. Speaker, there are 140 million Americans who live in coastal counties, millions of whom depend on this program to protect them from flood risk. Without this program, they cannot buy or sell homes. If their policies lapse because we allow the program to lapse, they will not be able to buy a new policy, and if, God forbid, a storm like Sandy or like the storms that ravaged the Southeast recently, if one of those storms comes along during that lapse, those people will have no coverage. We simply cannot allow our failure to so negatively affect so many millions of Americans. So, today, we are here to extend the program for another 6 months to give a new Congress time to get to some reasonable bipartisan reforms that will put this program on a solid footing for the future. I am asking that we pass this bill, this extension. It is not perfect, obviously, but it is better than the alternative, and we need to get this done before this Congress recesses. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in support of this legislation, S. 3628, and the gentleman, TOMMACARTHUR , is absolutely correct. We have to do a shortterm reauthorization. And because of the previous vote, some people are a little bit confused, but they do not have to worry. The previous bill that we voted on was one where Chairman HENSARLING  was attempting to add some language. That failed. So now we have a clean bill before us with one little correction in it, and I would simply ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote so that we can get on with ensuring we have shortterm reauthorization. And I am pleased to say that we have the support on both sides of the aisle to begin to work on a longterm reauthorization, and I think we are going to have good agreement on that. So I would simply ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote today and get this out of the way so that we can move on. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I agree with everything the ranking member said except she turned me into an Irishman. It is ‘‘MacArthur’’ like the general, not ‘‘McCarthy’’ like the majority leader. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ), who has been keenly focused on this issue. b1745 Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I just want to quickly say that I also regret that we are in a situation where we have to once again do a temporary extension, but it is important that we do not let this program lapse. Whether it is Hurricane Florence, Hurricane Michael, Hurricane Harvey, Irma, Maria, or many other disasters we have had, Mr. Speaker, we have flood victims that are trying to rebuild their homes, that are trying to get their lives back in order, and to not have a flood insurance program that gives them the confidence and security that they can reinvest back in their homes and businesses is a dangerous thing for us to do, especially right now during this Christmas season. Mr. Speaker, I also want to say, at a 50,000foot level, we have been myopically focused on flood insurance and only flood insurance policy. Thinking about the fiscal irresponsibility of continuing to allow this program to run the debt that it has, while completely ignoring the fact, Mr. Speaker, that we have spent $1.5 trillion on 220 disasters since 1980, ignoring the fact that thousands and thousands of lives have been lost as a result of our lack of bringing an offense to the table and actually bringing resilient projects to the table, and just focusing solely on flood insurance, which is a reactive policy, it is fiscally irresponsible. We need to bring an offense and a defense to the table. This program needs fundamental reform, but we cannot do it just by cutting checks to people every time there is a disaster. We have got to bring the resiliency measures to the table as part of a package deal here. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption. Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. MACARTHUR ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3628. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. f 
DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF THE SENATE TO MAKE A CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF S. 3628 Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 148) directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 3628. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 148 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That in the enrollment of the bill S. 3628, the Secretary of the Senate shall make the following correction: Strike ‘‘November 30, 2018’’ each place such term appears and insert ‘‘December 7, 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. MACARTHUR ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is a simple technical correction to fix a date error in the suspension bill that we just debated. I don’t think it requires any discussion, other than if we want that bill to pass and have effect, we need to change the date, and that is what this bill accomplishes. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Mr. TOMMACARTHUR is absolutely correct. I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. MACARTHUR ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution, H. Con. Res. 148. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on the motion to suspend the rules will be followed by a 5minute vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass S. 3628. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 344, nays 25, not voting 63, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barraga´n Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jones (MI) Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Amash Barr Biggs Brooks (AL) Burgess Davidson DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Foxx Gallagher Gosar Hensarling Huizenga Labrador Massie McClintock Mooney (WV) Norman Pearce Perry Schweikert Sensenbrenner Stewart Williams 
Arrington Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Brady (PA) Buck Capuano Crowley Denham Duncan (TN) Ellison Eshoo Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones (NC) Jordan Keating Kind Larson (CT) Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Meadows Messer Noem Nolan Paulsen Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross SheaPorter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Tsongas Vela´zquez Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) 
b1814 Messrs. DUNCAN of South Carolina, GALLAGHER, and DESJARLAIS changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. GAETZ, Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS, and Mr. PALMER changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the concurrent resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 499. 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM EXTENSION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3628) to reauthorize the National Flood Insurance Program, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. MACARTHUR ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 315, nays 48, not voting 69, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barraga´n Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hern Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Holding Hoyer Huffman Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jones (MI) Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher RosLehtinen Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) 
Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Walden Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wild Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Amash Barr Biggs Brat Brooks (AL) Budd Chabot Cloud Conaway Connolly Davidson DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Foxx Gallagher Garrett Gohmert Gosar Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Jordan Latta Lesko Luetkemeyer Massie McClintock Meadows Mooney (WV) Norman Palmer Pearce Rokita Rothfus Schweikert Sensenbrenner Smith (MO) Stewart Walberg Walker Wenstrup Westerman Williams Yoho 
Arrington Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Buck Capuano Carbajal Correa Costa Crowley DeLauro Denham Duncan (TN) Ellison Eshoo Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones (NC) Keating Kind Labrador Larson (CT) Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Messer Noem Nolan Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Posey Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Serrano SheaPorter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Tsongas Vela´zquez Wagner Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) 
b1821 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, due to unforeseen circumstances, I was unable to be in attendance for Roll Call Vote No. 500. Had I been present I would have voted YES. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 500. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, had I been present for the vote today on the enrollment correction to H.R. 4174, the Foundations for EvidenceBased Policymaking Act of 2017 (Roll no. 483), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On concurring in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 4174, the Foundations for Evidence Based Policymaking Act of 2017 (Roll no. 484), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On S. 3277, the Space Frontier Act of 2018 (Roll no. 485), I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On the House Amendment to S. 3661, the 75th Anniversary of World War II Commemoration Act (Roll no. 486), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On concurring in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 2200, the Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act of 2018 (Roll no. 487), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On S. 1023, the Tropical Forest Conservation Reauthorization Act of 2018 (Roll no. 488), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On S. 1158, the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2018 (Roll no. 489), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On S. 1580, the Protecting Girls’ Access to Education in Vulnerable Settings Act (Roll no. 490), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On S. 1862 the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2017, as amended (Roll no.491), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On S. 3247, the Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act of 2018 (Roll no.492), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On S. 512, the Nuclear Energy Innovation and Modernization Act (Roll no. 493), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On S. 1934, the Alaska Remote Generator Reliability and Protection Act (Roll no. 494), I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On concurring in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 6287, the 9/11 Memorial Act (Roll no. 495), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On S. 3456, a bill to redesignate Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge as the Nathaniel P. Reed Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge, and for other purposes (Roll no. 496), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On H.R. 7388, a bill to extend the National Flood Insurance Program, and for other purposes, (Roll call no. 497) I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On the Motion to Fix the Convening Time (Roll call. no 498) I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On H. Con. Res. 148, the enrollment correction to S. 3628, a bill to reauthorize the National Flood Insurance Program (Roll call. no 499) I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Additionally, had I been present for the vote on S. 3628, a bill to reauthorize the National Flood Insurance Program (Roll call. no 500) I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present during roll call vote number 483, 484, 485, 486, 487, 488, 489, 490, 491, 492, 493, 494, 495, 496, 497, 498, 499, and 500 on December 21, 2018, due to a death in my family. Had I been present, I would have voted: On rollcall vote No. 483, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 484, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 485, I would have voted no. On rollcall vote No. 486, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 487, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No 488, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 489, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 490, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 491, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 492, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 493, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 494, I would have voted no. On rollcall vote No. 495, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 496, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 497, I would have voted no. On rollcall vote No. 498, I would have voted no. On rollcall vote No. 499, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 500, I would have voted yes. f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 2322, CODIFYING USEFUL REGULATORY DEFINITIONS ACT Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–1103) on the resolution (H. Res. 1185) providing for consideration of the bill (S. 2322) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to define the term natural cheese, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 24 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1856 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ) at 6 o’clock and 56 minutes p.m. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. POEof Texas (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2606. An act to amend the Act of August 4, 1947 (commonly known as the Stigler Act), with respect to restrictions applicable to Indians of the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma, and for other purposes. H.R. 7327. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a security 
vulnerability disclosure policy, to establish a bug bounty program for the Department of Homeland Security, to amend title 41, United States Code, to provide for Federal acquisition supply chain security, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker pro tempore, Mr. MCHENRY , announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 943. An act to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct an accurate comprehensive student count for the purposes of calculating formula allocations for programs under the JohnsonO’Malley Act, and for other purposes. S. 1520. An act to expand recreational fishing opportunities through enhanced marine fishery conservation and management, and for other purposes. S. 2076. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alzheimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. S. 2248. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide certain burial benefits for spouses and children of veterans who are buried in tribal cemeteries, and for other purposes. S.2278. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to improve health care in rural areas. S. 2736. An act to develop a longterm strategic vision and a comprehensive, multifaceted, and principled United States policy for the IndoPacific region, and for other purposes. S. 3530. An act to reauthorize the Museum and Library Services Act. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 57 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Saturday, December 22, 2018, at noon. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
7237. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of Defense, Special Operations/Low Intensity Conflict, Department of Defense, transmitting the FY 2018 annual Regional Defense Combating Terrorism Fellowship Program Report to Congress, pursuant to title 10, U.S.C. 345; to the Committee on Armed Services. 7238. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a determination regarding countries of particular concern for having engaged in or tolerated particularly severe violations of religious freedom, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 6442(c)(5); Public Law 105292, Sec. 402(c)(5) (as amended by Public Law 106 55, Sec. 2(a)); (113 Stat. 405); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7239. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting notification of a change to the membership of the Accountability Review Board to examine the circumstances surrounding a January 2017 shooting of a U.S. government employee in Guadalajara, Mexico, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 4831(c); Public Law 99399, Sec. 301(c) (as amended by Public Law 109140, Sec.3); (119 Stat. 2650); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7240. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a notification pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 3(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7241. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 18093, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7242. A letter from the Federal CoChair, Appalachian Regional Commission, transmitting the Administration’s Semiannual Report to Congress of the Office of Inspector General, covering the period from April 1, 2018, through September 30, 2018, pursuant to Public Law 95452, of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7243. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Fiscal Year 2018 Agency Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7244. A letter from the Director, Congressional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Semiannual Report to Congress of the Office of Inspector General, covering the period from April 1, 2018, through September 30, 2018, pursuant to Public Law 95452, of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7245. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Land and Minerals Management, Department of the Interior, transmitting Notice of Realty Action: NonCompetive (Direct Sale) and conveyance of Public Land and Mineral Interests of Public Land in Maricopa and Pinal Counties, Arizona, pursuant to 43 U.S.C. 1713(c); Public Law 94579, Sec. 203(c); (90 Stat. 2750); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7246. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries Off West Coast States; Coastal Pelagic Species Fisheries; Annual Specifications [Docket No.: 170320292758002] (RIN: 0648XF311) received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7247. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act Provisions; Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Groundfish Fishery; Framework Adjustment 56 [Docket No.: 170104014768302] (RIN: 0648BG53) received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7248. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery; State Waters Exemption [Docket No.: 170301213 786902] (RIN: 0648BG70) received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7249. A letter from the Ombudsman for Energy Employees, Occupational Compensation Program, Department of Labor, transmitting the 2017 Annual Report of the Ombudsman for the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 7385s15(e)(1); Public Law 106398, Sec. 1 (as amended by Public Law 108375, Sec. 3161); (118 Stat. 2185); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 7250. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20180642; Product Identifier 2018 NM087AD; Amendment 3919507; AD 201824 03] (RIN: 2120AA64) received December 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7251. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; General Electric Company Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA20180633; Product Identifier 2018NE22AD; Amendment 39 19470; AD 20182112] (RIN: 2120AA64) received December 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7252. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; CFM International S.A. Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA20180869; Product Identifier 2018NE32AD; Amendment 39 19435; AD 20182001] (RIN: 2120AA64) received December 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7253. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Leonardo S.p.A. (Type Certificate Previously Held by Finmeccanica S.p.A., AgustaWestland S.p.A) Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA20171081; Product Identifier 2017 SW090AD; Amendment 3919510; AD 201824 06] (RIN: 2120AA64) received December 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7254. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20180512; Product Identifier 2017NM 170AD; Amendment 3919513; AD 20182502] (RIN: 2120AA64) received December 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 5054. A bill to provide an exemption for emerging growth companies and other smaller companies from the requirements to use Extensive Business Reporting Language (XBRL) for financial statements and other periodic reporting, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1094). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 5534. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to provide procedures for guidance issued by the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1095). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 6158. A bill to amend the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to exclude affiliates and subsidiaries of insured depository institutions in the definition of deposit broker, and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 1096). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 6743. A bill to amend the GrammLeachBliley Act to provide a national standard for financial institution data security and breach notification on behalf of all consumers, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1097). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 4460. A bill to improve the provision of disaster and mitigation assistance to eligible individuals and households and to eligible State, local, Tribal, and territorial governments and certain private nonprofit organizations, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1098, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Summary on the Activities of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure for the 115th Congress (Rept. 115–1099). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. THORNBERRY: Committee on Armed Services. Report on the Activities of the Committee on Armed Services for the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress (Rept. 115–1100). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 6468. A bill to direct that certain assessments with respect to toxicity of chemicals be carried out by the program offices of the Environmental Protection Agency, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1101, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 5503. A bill to authorize the programs of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration for fiscal years 2018 and 2019, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1102). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 1185. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (S. 2322) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to define the term natural cheese (Rept. 115–1103). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 5025. A bill to amend the Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Convention Implementation Act to limit the imposition of penalties against a person fishing on a United Sates flag fishing vessel in certain areas of the Pacific Ocean based on a report by an observer on such a vessel (Rept. 115–1104). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 6355. A bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to define petition backlogs and provide expedited means for discharging petitions during such a backlog; with an amendment (Rept. 115– 1105). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Financial Services discharged from further consideration H.R. 4460 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED BILL Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the following action was taken by the Speaker: 
H.R. 6468. Referral to the Committee on Energy and Commerce extended for a period ending not later than December 28, 2018. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. M ACARTHUR: H.R. 7388. A bill to extend the National Flood Insurance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 7389. A bill to amend the FAST Act to improve the Federal permitting process, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 7390. A bill to extend the various programs authorized under the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Education and the Workforce, Financial Services, Natural Resources, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ARRINGTON: H.R. 7391. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage of rural emergency medical access services under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BABIN: H.R. 7392. A bill to deter criminal robocall violations and improve enforcement of section 227(b) of the Communications Act of 1934, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. FASO: H.R. 7393. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to promulgate regulations with respect to quality control and oversight of outofState care under the Medicaid program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER (for himself and Mr. BUDD): H.R. 7394. A bill to prohibit the Federal financial regulators from requiring compliance with the accounting standards update of the Financial Accounting Standards Board related to current expected credit loss (‘‘CECL’’), to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to take certain impacts of a proposed accounting principle into consideration before accepting the principle, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7395. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to allow delivery of medical supplies by unmanned aerial systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. TORRES (for herself, Mr. VARGAS , and Mr. M CGOVERN ): H.R. 7396. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a strategy to implement policies and procedures, including the deployment of resources, to ensure the safety of children in CBP and ICE custody, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. NORMAN (for himself, Mr. OLSON , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. H ERN, Mr. CURTIS , Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. BIGGS): H.J. Res. 146. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to prohibit Members of Congress from receiving compensation for any period during which a Government shutdown is in effect; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MACARTHUR: H. Con. Res. 148. Concurrent resolution directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 3628; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned; considered and agreed to. By Mr. MITCHELL: H. Con. Res. 149. Concurrent resolution directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make certain corrections in the enrollment of H.R. 4174; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned; considered and agreed to. By Mr. MEADOWS: H. Res. 1186. A resolution expressing the sense of Congress that Fort San Juan holds a significant place in the early history of North Carolina and of the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mrs. TORRES (for herself, Mr. COLE, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. GRIJALVA , and Mr. C A´RDENAS ): 
H. Res. 1187. A resolution commemorating the 30th anniversary of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act of 1988; to the Committee on Natural Resources. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
271. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Alaska, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 19, commending the Arctic Waterways Safety Committee; supporting the adoption of prevention measures into international agreements to ensure clear, universal, and enforceable marine safety measures in the Arctic; urging the state’s delegation in the United States Congress and the governor to promote the adoption of spill prevention measures into international agreements; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 272. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Alaska, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 29, urging the United States Congress to reauthorize the Secure Rural Schools and Community SelfDetermination Act of 2000; which was referred jointly to the Committees on Agriculture and Natural Resources. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. M ACARTHUR: H.R. 7388. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 7389. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of legislative powers generally granted to Congress by that section, including the exercise of those powers when delegated by Congress to the Executive; Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of specific legislative powers granted to Congress by that section, including the exercise of those powers when delegated by Congress to the Executive; Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof;’’ and Article III, in that the legislation defines or affects powers of the Judiciary that are subject to legislation by Congress. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 7390. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article II, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ARRINGTON: H.R. 7391. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 By Mr. BABIN: H.R. 7392. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. FASO: H.R. 7393. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 7394. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7395. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; and; By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 7396. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: According to Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitutional Authority of the United States Congress. Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. NORMAN: H.J. Res. 146. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 233: Mr. M ORELLE . H.R. 667: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 771: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 1874: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 2119: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 2719: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 3533: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 4022: Mr. CUMMINGS . H.R. 4052: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 4732: Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 5034: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 5499: Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. CLEAVER , and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 5697: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 6033: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 6114: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 6184: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 6269: Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 6510: Mr. ALLEN . H.R. 6646: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 6692: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 6734: Mr. GOHMERT and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 6759: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 6795: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 6987: Mr. KILDEE . H.R. 7030: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 7124: Ms. BONAMICI and Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 7320: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 7360: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 7362: Mr. COLEand Mr. S IMPSON . H.R. 7368: Ms. ADAMS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. CLAY, Ms. D EGETTE , and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 7372: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. PANETTA , Mr. K HANNA , and Ms. BONAMICI . H. Res. 1031: Mrs. BEATTY . f 
128. The SPEAKER presented a petition of The Common Council of Syracuse, NY, relative to Common Council Resolution No. 36 R 2018, urging Senator Charles Schumer, Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, and Congressman John Katko to take the necessary actions to ensure that the Violence Against Women Act is reauthorized with all necessary funding; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8005 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 21, 2018 No. 202 
The Senate met at 12 noon and was called to order by the Honorable JOHN CORNYN , a Senator from the State of Texas. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Father, strong to save, we put our trust in You. Continue to be our shelter in the time of storm. Guide our lawmakers. Keep ever before them the vision of a better world that is yet to be. May the words of their mouths and the meditations of their hearts be pleasing to You, O Lord, our strength and our Redeemer. Lord, give our Senators pure intentions, a steadfast regard for Your glory, and a faith that will not shrink, though pressed by many challenges. We pray, in Your mighty Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 