Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge farm bill negotiators to include critical forest management reforms in the new farm bill. I am encouraged that the new farm bill is forthcoming, but it should include reforms on how we manage our forests. Mr. Speaker, the Camp fire in California has tragically claimed the lives of 88 people and hundreds remain missing. It has left more than 13,000 families without homes. Last year in Montana, more than 1.2 million acres burned, creating dangerous air quality. Congress must act now. Our communities can’t afford to wait any longer. Senate Democrats should put the health and safety of our communities first and include commonsense forest management reforms in the farm bill. Meaningful forest management reforms will reduce the severity of fires, improve air quality, boost the health of our forests and wildlife habitats, as well as create goodpaying jobs. Mr. Speaker, with devastating wildfire seasons over the last couple of years, it is urgent that Congress act now. f 
FAILED TAX POLICY IS COMING TO AN END (Mr. BLUMENAUER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, no wonder Republicans are afraid to even debate their latest tax bill. As their 8 year grip on tax policy comes to an end, it is a story of failure, missed opportunities, and making a broken tax system worse. 
The Tax Code under the Republicans was made more complex and more unfair every year they were in charge. They showered more tax breaks on the wealthy and corporations, and enhanced income inequality. They had an iron grip on the average taxpayer, denying even basic customer service through the IRS. They exploded the deficits—a trillion dollars a year for as far as the eye can see—and refused to enforce the Tax Code on people who cheat, leaving hundreds of billions of uncollected tax dollars unavailable to reduce the deficit or fund government service. For 8 years, they even refused to listen to the vast array of infrastructure stakeholders on how to rebuild and renew America, a sorry legacy I am confident we will improve upon as Democrats. We couldn’t do any worse. 
CONGRATULATIONS MONTICELLO HIGH SCHOOL SAGES ON WINNING THE STATE FOOTBALL CHAMPIONSHIP (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Monticello High School Sages and Coach Cully Welter on winning the State football championship last week. The Sages capped off an undefeated season with their 24–20 victory over Byron High School in the Class 3A championship game. This season’s championship was the first in Monticello’s history, and also the first time its football team has played in a championship game. Monticello’s 2018 season was a record breaking season, and it will be remembered for years to come. Before the championship game, none of Monticello’s opponents had finished within three touchdowns of the Sages. I want to send a special message to the Sages’ defense. As someone who watched this game comfortably from my home, I clearly saw that the Byron running back fumbled the ball at the goal line, and it was a very bad call. But you recovered, and you won the championship. Mr. Speaker, I was proud to follow the Sages’ championship season, and I congratulate the team and the entire Monticello community on this welldeserved title. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CALIFORNIA SENATOR ROBERT PRESLEY (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of California State Senator Robert Presley. His life’s work represents some of the best of what Riverside can produce. He was a war hero and was awarded the Bronze Star in World War II. He was an honorable law enforcement officer, and earned the reputation of being a fair truth seeker, even during times of unrest in Riverside. He was an honest public servant. He accomplished great things for Riverside, and moved our State forward as a California State Senator. When I was in my twenties, Bob gave me a chance. He named me as his alternate to the Central Committee of the Riverside County Democratic Party, which allowed me to follow my passion for public service, and for that, I will always be grateful. Bob will be dearly missed, but his name, his work, his Democratic spirit, and the legacy he left behind will be cherished by our community forever. f 
HONORING GRACE LEARNING CENTER ON ITS 20TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Grace Learning Center in Franklin, Pennsylvania, for 20 years of service to the community. Grace Learning Center is an after school program dedicated to providing children with a safe, fun, and educational environment each school day. In the late 1990s, Grace Evangelical Lutheran Church began exploring the possibility of offering a free after school program for families in need. They were licensed by the Pennsylvania Department of Public Welfare and opened their doors in 1999. At Grace, children have the opportunity to expand their intellectual and creative abilities, while gaining an appreciation for their families and community. Grace Learning Center maintains close ties with the local schools in order to encourage scholastic achievement in all areas. Grace welcomes children of all socioeconomic levels and gives special regard to children in need. Grace provides a loving, caring, and secure environment where children are taught to make wise and responsible choices. Mr. Speaker, I commend Grace Learning Center on 20 years of providing a safe afterschool environment for elementary school students and helping them reach their full potential. 
AVOID GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN (Mr. MORELLE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MORELLE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the constituents of New York’s 25th Congressional District to voice my strong opposition to a senseless and entirely avoidable government shutdown that would hurt my community and millions of people across the country. What is particularly alarming is that this looming shutdown has been triggered over a potential border wall that is not only illconceived, but would squander our limited resources, and fail to address the most pressing challenges facing our Nation. In my district, what we want instead is to take a unified approach to ensuring quality, affordable healthcare; protecting Social Security and Medicare; create more goodpaying job opportunities; and addressing the gun violence epidemic that is devastating our communities. Over the coming days, I implore all parties to come together in a spirit of bipartisanship and cooperation to focus on what is more important to the American people and avoid a needless government shutdown that would impair those priorities. f 
WORLD AIDS DAY (Ms. LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in observation of World AIDS Day which is celebrated tomorrow, actually, in the United States and around the world. Thanks to bipartisan investments in programs like PEPFAR, we have made significant strides in the fight against HIV and AIDS. In the 15 years since PEPFAR was passed, over 2.4 million babies have been born HIV free, and over 14.6 million people have been supported with antiretroviral treatment. But we cannot let these numbers lull us into complacency. The theme of this year’s World AIDS Day is ‘‘Know Your Status.’’ More than 9.4 million people living with HIV around the world do not know their status. In the United States, more than 1.1 million people in the U.S. are living with HIV; 14 percent, mind you, of whom do not know their status. We know that tens of millions of people in the United States and around the world will require sustained access to treatment for decades to come. Without robust investments and a strong recommitment to programs like PEPFAR, Ryan White, and the Minority AIDS Initiative, we could see a backslide in the important gains that we have made in the fight against HIV. We can’t afford to let that happen, so I invite you to join me in commemorating World AIDS Day and recommitting to achieving an AIDSfree generation. 
JUSTICE FOR DIANE RWIGARA (Ms. BONAMICI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, on December 6, a Rwandan court will decide the fate of human rights activist Diane 
Rwigara, who faces up to 22 years in prison for speaking out against President Paul Kagame’s government, and for running against him to be president. The politically motivated charges against Diane seek to quash any criticism of the ruling party, which has gone largely unchallenged for more than 23 years. Americans know that freedom of speech is essential to democracy. They know that we must protect our right to question our leaders and, importantly, encourage that freedom around the world. I am sponsoring Diane’s case as part of the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission’s Defending Freedoms Project, because as Diane faces a prolonged jail sentence, she is still calling on fellow Rwandans to resist fear and speak for their country, Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in calling for justice for Diane. 
b1001 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia) at 10 o’clock and 1 minute a.m. 
FEDERAL CIO AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 6901) to amend chapter 36 of title 44, United States Code, to make certain changes relating to electronic Government services, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. COMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 391, noes 0, not voting 41, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—41 
Amodei Barletta Black Blackburn Brady (PA) Buchanan Comstock Crowley Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Denham DesJarlais Ellison Emmer Gowdy Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Jones (NC) Keating Knight Labrador Lipinski Love Maloney, Sean Messer Noem Nolan Poe (TX) Polis RosLehtinen Roskam Ruppersberger Taylor Tsongas Vela Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine 
b1026 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I was unexpectedly detained and unable to cast my vote in support of this legislation. If present in the chamber, I would have voted Aye on H.R. 6901. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PROVIDING FOR THE PRINTING OF A REVISED EDITION OF THE RULES AND MANUAL OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES FOR THE ONE HUNDRED SIXTEENTH CONGRESS Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a resolution and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
H. R ES. 1164 Resolved, That a revised edition of the Rules and Manual of the House of Representatives for the One Hundred Sixteenth Congress be printed as a House document, and that three thousand additional copies shall be printed and bound for the use of the House of Representatives, of which nine hundred eighty copies shall be bound in leather with thumb index and delivered as may be directed by the Parliamentarian of the House. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
WALTER H. RICE FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure be discharged from further consideration of the bill (S. 2377) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 200 West 2nd Street in Dayton, Ohio, as the ‘‘Walter H. Rice Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2377 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. WALTER H. RICE FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1030 MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING THE LIFE OF ED PASTOR (Mr. GRIJALVA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, it is with much regret that I and my colleagues from Arizona ask for a moment of silence for our dearly departed former colleague, Ed Pastor, who retired after more than two decades of service to this House. Our sincere condolences to his beloved wife, Verma; his daughters, Yvonne and Laura; his grandkids; and his mom, whom he cherished and spoke about often. A Member’s Member is how Ed was described. He respected this institution. He treated his colleagues with good humor and with honesty. His advice and calmness will be missed, but in Arizona, as elsewhere, he will be memorialized as a giant in the history of our State. Ed Pastor will be missed. He contributed much, he gave much, and he respected the people whom he worked with and this institution that he loved. With much regret, a moment of silence for our departed colleague, Ed Pastor. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CARRIE JOHNSON (Mr. RUTHERFORD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Ms. Carrie Johnson, a Lincolnville icon who, sadly, passed away earlier this week in St. Augustine, Florida. Depending on whom you talked to, Ms. Johnson had many different names. To some, she was ‘‘St. Augustine’s Sweetheart’’ or the ‘‘Voice of Lincolnville.’’ To others, she was simply ‘‘Miss Carrie.’’ But to all of us, she will always be remembered as an irreplaceable piece of our northeast Florida community who truly lived to serve others. Born out of her life’s creed, ‘‘A mission of love, a message of hope,’’ she began a foundation for homeless students in St. Johns County. She organized annual Christmas caroling to nursing homes, and she was even considered an honorary officer by the local police, who loved her and who often came to her for guidance. She could be seen on any given day riding her ‘‘Lamborghini’’ tricycle around town, spreading kindness and hope to everyone she met. Her passing will leave a hole that can only be filled with the countless stories of the people whom she touched. I am thankful for her dedication to making the world a better place for those around her and grateful that her memory lives on forever. She was a mission of love and a message of hope. 
CELEBRATING THE BEDFORD HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS SOCCER TEAM (Mr. SHUSTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the achievements of the Bedford High School girls soccer team of Bedford, Pennsylvania. The Lady Bisons capped off an unbeaten season by bringing home the PIAA Class AA State championship on Saturday, November 17. This is a monumental accomplishment for the school. It is Bedford High School’s first State championship in any sport. It is the first school from District 5 or 6 to win a State championship in their history. The Lady Bisons defeated the Lewisburg Green Dragons in overtime 1–0, finishing their season with a perfect record of 22–0. The Lady Bisons, coached by Jeff Thomas, were led to victory by their five seniors—Jenna Brown, Bailey Donaldson, Brooke Lankey, Hallie Sisk, and Amber Thomas—who scored the winning goal on a penalty kick just 52 seconds into overtime at Hersheypark Stadium. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to congratulate the players, the coaches, and the families of the Bedford High School girls soccer team on their Pennsylvania State championship. The passion, commitment, and teamwork shown by these young women will surely follow them in their future endeavors as well as inspire the Bedford community for years to come. f 
RECOGNIZING DR. ABRAHAM LIEBERMAN (Mr. GOSAR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Dr. Abraham Lieberman, who just recently announced his retirement. Dr. Lieberman has been a practicing neurologist for over 50 years, working at the Barrow Neurological Institute in Phoenix, Arizona, for much of his career. Dr. Lieberman dedicated his life to the treatment and eradication of Parkinson’s disease, treating over 40,000 patients, including Muhammad Ali. He wrote six books on Parkinson’s, including ‘‘100 Questions & Answers About Parkinson’s Disease,’’ the bestselling book on that disease. His work has done an immeasurable amount of good in furthering the treatment of Parkinson’s and to help create a much greater quality of life for those who have the dreaded disease. I am pleased that the Barrow Institute has created a way that people can honor Dr. Lieberman by setting up the Lieberman Legacy Fund so individuals can donate money towards Parkinson’s research and treatment. I wish Dr. Lieberman a long and happy retirement with his wife of 50 years, Ina, his 4 children, and 10 grandchildren. Dr. Lieberman’s pursuit to conquer Parkinson’s has endeared him to his patients, with his personalized touch to each and every one of them. He has become an iconic pillar of excellence in medicine. Your patients are so grateful. Thank you, Dr. Lieberman. 
FRAN AND PEG (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize two outstanding members of our community and my dear friends: Peg Roberts, a retired teacher, and Fran Henry, a retired nurse. Peg and Fran embody the American patriotic spirit through their musical talent. The two sisters were inspired by the famous duo, Diamond and Silk. They refer to themselves as Ruby and Lace. Some of us in the country affectionately refer to them as Coal and Flannel. These darling songstresses, retirees, have also been known by the moniker, ‘‘the two Hotties.’’ It is a true honor to represent such determined and patriotic people. Mr. Speaker, I hope you and all my colleagues can laugh a little and enjoy the humorous lyrics of our upstate Hotties, affectionately known as Ruby and Lace, or as I like to call them, Coal and Flannel. 
THE RULE OF LAW (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is important for this body to adhere to the rule of law. There are several points that I want to make this morning that define adhering to the rule of law. First of all, we know that Mr. Cohen pled guilty yesterday on questions of truth or falsity to the United States Congress. With all due respect, we must investigate the rule of law. In addition, it is important that we put forward a bill that addresses the question of the killing in Yemen and our continued support for the bloodshed created by the war between Saudi Arabia and Yemen. The rule of law, peace or war, determination by this Congress. Finally, I encourage my colleagues to seek and look into their districts because of the increasing number of gangs—not MS–13, but gangs in our high schools and middle schools. We must begin to address directly more resources to intervene in children’s lives to steer them away from the violence of gangs. Rule of law, doing our job. I hope that we start doing it, and doing it soon. I know we will do it in the 116th Congress. 
FARMER OF THE YEAR: DANNY CUNNINGHAM (Mr. COMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate Mr. Danny Cunningham, owner of Cunningham Farms in Calloway County, Kentucky, for recently being named the 2018 Kentucky Farm Bureau Farmer of the Year. This is the third year in a row a farmer in Kentucky’s First Congressional District has been recognized as Farmer of the Year. After growing up on a small dairy farm owned by his father, Danny Cunningham began his own farming operation in Calloway County. Fifty eight years later, Cunningham Farms is a massive familyrun operation. Danny has been an active member of the Calloway County Farm Bureau, serving on the board of directors for more than 30 years. He was married to his late wife, Judy, for over 54 years and is the proud father of three daughters. I am honored to congratulate Farmer of the Year Danny Cunningham on his unwavering work ethic, dedication to the Calloway County Farm Bureau, and outstanding role in the agriculture community. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOSEPH P. GAVAGHAN The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HILL). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the life of Joseph P. Gavaghan. Joe Gavaghan was born on October 27, 1920, in Philadelphia, to Gertrude and Joseph, Sr. After graduating from LaSalle College High School in 1940, Joe went to work for the Reading Railroad Company in his hometown. A short time later, Joe’s life and the lives of millions of Americans was forever changed when a devastating and unprovoked attack on the United States Pacific fleet at Pearl Harbor thrust the United States into the Second World War. The very next day, as a stunned nation tried to come to grips with what had just happened, Joe stepped forward and answered the call of duty by enlisting in the United States Army. Unaware of what the future held, Joe had just one more thing he wanted to do before shipping off to war; and on August 1, 1942, Joe married the love of his life, Mary Alvey, in their hometown of Philadelphia. Shortly thereafter, Joe deployed as a sergeant in the 65th Infantry, leaving behind his new bride, his family, and everything he had ever known. Over the course of the next 3 years, Joe experienced the brunt of the war in Europe. He landed in Normandy on D day as part of the successful allied invasion of France. From there, Joe went on to serve in several major campaigns, taking him from the rolling hills of northern France to the Battle of the Bulge, to the small towns of central Germany. By May of 1945, with the war coming to a close, Joe and the 65th division arrived in Linz, Austria, where they connected with the allied Russian troops. He remained in Linz for the duration of the conflict. Joe distinguished himself in the line of duty. In recognition of his valor and bravery, he was awarded numerous medals, including Bronze Stars and the Combat Infantry Badge. With the war over, Joe returned home to his wife, Mary, and together, they welcomed two children into the world: Patrick and Marita. Today is Patrick’s birthday, by the way. He also went back to work for the Reading Railroad Company. Joe’s intelligence and strong work ethic, qualities that served him well on the battlefield, set him apart in the civilian world. He excelled in his work and rose through the ranks of the company, and after working for 43 years for Reading Railroad, Joe retired as the company’s general manager. b1045 Outside of his professional career, Joe was a beloved and active member of his community. He served as a member of the Union League of Chicago, Knights of Columbus, VFW, American Legion, PolishAmerican Club of Vero Beach, past president of the Coal Club of Philadelphia, and many Chambers of Commerce. Sadly, Joseph passed away peacefully on July 12 of this year. Joe enriched the lives of all who had the privilege of knowing him. In the face of unthinkable evil and tangible danger, Joe’s resolve never wavered. He leaves behind an endearing legacy of extraordinary service, and his character and morality are an inspiration for us all. His life personifies the very best of America’s greatest generation—remarkable young men and women who answered the call of duty, defeated the forces of evil, and returned home to build the world’s strongest economy and most prosperous society. While Joe will be dearly missed, he will not be forgotten. On behalf of a grateful Nation, I offer my deepest condolences to the entire Gavaghan family. 
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the life of Mr. Tom Ellis of Raleigh, North Carolina. Over the past 50 years, few people have had as big of an influence on Tar Heel politics as Mr. Ellis. The courtly, pipesmoking Raleigh attorney played a central role in shaping the careers of Jesse Helms and Ronald Reagan, two of the most important conservative figures of the 20th century. Mr. Ellis was born on August 10, 1920, in Alameda, California. He first fell in love with North Carolina while attending the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Mr. Ellis served in the Navy during the Second World War as an officer, 
after which he earned his law degree from the University of Virginia. His time in the military shaped his outlook on the world. Though he led a successful career as an attorney in Raleigh, Mr. Ellis’ most profound impact was in the political arena. Mr. Ellis entered politics in 1950 as a young staffer working on Willis Smith’s Senate campaign. It was during the campaign that Mr. Ellis met a young Raleigh journalist named Jesse Helms. The two idealistic young men hit it off, giving birth to a friendship and a relationship that would eventually transform North Carolina politics, play a major role in the American conservative movement, and help shape American history. During their regular Thursday night poker games, Mr. Ellis began pushing Mr. Helms to run for political office. When Mr. Helms ran for Senate in 1972, Mr. Ellis managed his campaign to victory against great odds. Over the next 30 years, Mr. Ellis served as a key adviser and close confidant for Senator Helms. A short time after Mr. Helms’ 1972 victory, Mr. Ellis put his innovative and entrepreneurial mind to work creating the National Congressional Club, which was a nationwide conservative fundraising machine that built Senator Helms into one of the most wellknown Senators in the country. Mr. Ellis’ revolutionary direct mail fundraising practices raised an estimated $100 million for Mr. Helms, as well as a host of conservative figures and causes. Mr. Ellis’ most significant contribution, however, to the course of American history came in 1976 when he played a key role in rescuing Ronald Reagan’s political career. With the all important North Carolina primary around the corner, thenGovernor Reagan’s Presidential bid was floundering and was about to fail. Mr. Ellis stepped in, took command of the campaign, and led Reagan to a crucial victory in the Tar Heel State in that 1976 primary. The win resuscitated Reagan’s campaign and political career. He went on to win 10 more State primaries and build a national identity and following. Though Reagan ultimately lost the ‘76 GOP primary, the cycle propelled him into the White House 4 years later. Mr. Ellis had a brilliant strategic mind and was a revolutionary figure in politics. He was a passionate ideologue who firmly believed in the issues he supported. Throughout his career, Mr. Ellis mentored and nurtured several of the conservative movement’s most influential strategists and operatives. He also took great delight in mentoring young lawyers, telling them how to make a difference with their degree and how to serve in the best possible manner. Sadly, Tom Ellis passed away on July 12 at the age of 97. Though he is no longer with us, his impact on North Carolina, the Nation, and the American conservative movement will be felt for many years to come. Mr. Ellis was a giant and a man of true consequence. He is dearly missed. 
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of Theodore ‘‘Ted’’ George Vallas. Ted was the son of two hardworking Greek immigrants in Raleigh, North Carolina. Ted was born on October 4, 1931. Ted developed a strong work ethic from a young age working in his parents’ restaurant, The Manhattan, situated in downtown Raleigh. As a student at Hugh Morson High School, Ted discovered his gift for athletics. He was a standout member of the school’s football, wrestling, and track teams. His talent on the gridiron caught the attention of Division 1 college coaches, and Ted accepted a scholarship to play football at Mississippi State University. While at school in Starkville, Ted crossed paths with a young woman by the name of Dorothy Patty. Dot, as she was known by her friends, was the daughter of the school’s baseball coach with whom Ted had already established a relationship. Ted and Dot began dating and the couple married in 1956 in a small Mississippi church near their university. Together, Ted and Dot had three children: Paula, Carra, and Stephanie. After graduating from Mississippi State with a degree in business, Ted joined the United States Army. He was stationed at Fort Sam Houston in Texas for his 2year stint in the Armed Forces. Having completed his military service, Ted put his business degree to work and accepted an advertising job with the Wall Street Journal. The experience Ted gained working at his parents’ restaurant as a kid served him well in the professional world. He had a strong work ethic, quickly caught the attention of his superiors, and was promptly promoted to the role of eastern advertising manager for the Wall Street Journal. Ted spent 11 years at the Journal, after which he decided to move back to North Carolina. Upon returning, Ted purchased a struggling local newspaper centered in FuquayVarina called The Independent. Ted revived the paper and, under his direction, the publication became a popular, widely read, weekly newspaper. A few years later, Ted purchased two additional local newspapers: The Western Wake Herald and The Garner Newspaper. Finally, in 1988, Ted determined it was time to retire and he sold the papers, thus closing the book on an illustrious 20year career in journalism. Relying on his strong work ethic, intelligence, and character, Ted led a successful career in business. He was a transformative figure and a pioneer in the local journalism industry. But, Mr. Speaker, his greatest legacy is his contribution to his community. Ted was a beloved fixture of his community, known by all for his kind heart and his strong sense of humor. Mr. Speaker, Ted Vallas passed away on October 30 at the age 87. Though Ted is no longer with us, his impact on his community will be felt for years to come. My thoughts are with the entire Vallas family. Ted touched the lives of many over the years, and he will be greatly missed by his friends. 
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday, December 4, 2018, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COMER ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. 
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the life of Richard ‘‘Dick’’ Hampton Jenrette. Mr. Jenrette was one of the most impactful businessmen of the 20th century. He was a titan on Wall Street who transformed and reshaped the world of finance. Dick Jenrette was born in Raleigh, North Carolina, on April 5, 1929, to Emma and Joseph Jenrette. From a young age, Dick’s intelligence, work ethic, and ambition set him apart from his peers. While a student at Broughton High School in Raleigh, North Carolina, Dick took a job on the side as a sportswriter for the Raleigh Times, where he worked under the future United States Senator Jesse Helms. After high school, Dick excelled in his studies at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Upon graduation from UMC with a degree in journalism, Dick followed in his father’s footsteps by beginning an apprenticeship as an insurance salesman. After 2 years, though, he determined the insurance industry wasn’t for him. Around this time, the U.S. was fighting a war on the Korean Peninsula. Dick answered the call to serve and enlisted in the United States Army. He completed a 2year stint during the Korean war as a sergeant assigned to counterintelligence duty as part of the Intelligence Corps. Mr. Speaker, after discharge from the Army, Dick earned his MBA from Harvard Business School in 1957 and set out into the world, beginning what would ultimately become one of the most successful business careers of his generation. His first job in the business world was with the prominent Wall Street firm Brown Brothers Harriman. After a few years, Dick teamed up with two of his classmates from UMC, Bill Donaldson and Dan Lufkin, and together they created their own firm, Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, or DLJ, as it was commonly referred to. 
Now at the helm of DLJ, Dick’s career took off. He wielded a visionary approach, implementing innovative business practices that diverged from the traditional practices of the 1960s. Under Dick’s direction, DLJ focused on small, emerging companies rather than larger, bluechip companies, which had been the standard practice for established Wall Street firms in the past. This groundbreaking approach was a boon for the firm. In 1970, DLJ made history as the first Wall Street firm to offer shares to the public. Over the subsequent decades, Dick continued his successful business career. He held a variety of positions, including president and chief executive of the Equitable Investment Corporation. Dick’s retirement in 1996 marked the final chapter of his successful and transformative business career. Outside of his career, Dick had a lifelong passion for purchasing and restoring historic American homes. Throughout the years, he restored more than 13 homes, with his collection of homes in New York State, New York City, North Carolina, South Carolina, and St. Croix often considered to be one of the finest collections of classical architecture in the United States. For his work in preservation, Dick was awarded the Louise DuPont Crown in Shield Award by the National Trust for Historic Preservation and the Hadrian Award by the World Monuments Fund. In France, he received the national Order of the Legion of Honour award, the highest French order of merit. Sadly, Dick Jenrette passed away on April 22, 2018, at the age of 89. Mr. Jenrette will be remembered as one of his generation’s most successful and innovative businessmen. He was admired by his peers and respected by those who knew him. Despite the cutthroat culture on Wall Street, Dick always stayed true to his core values of honesty, respect, and fairness. His character was unimpeachable and earned him the title of ‘‘the last gentleman on Wall Street.’’ Dick was also a great mentor. As an example of that, one of the young Harvard business grads who was working for him at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette came to him one day and said: I don’t think this is for me. I think I want to go back to school and become an economist. But Dick saw a lot of potential in this young man, more potential than would have been realized if he had just gone back to being an economist. He said: You have the great talent of being an investor. You have great insight and instincts. So he encouraged this young man to stick with it. b1100 Today, that young man is the CEO and cofounder of The Blackstone Group, known as Steve Schwarzman, perhaps one of the most successful venture capitalists, privateequity investors that the world has ever seen. And but for the mentorship of Dick Jenrette, that young man would not have grown to his full potential. To understand the depth of Dick’s character and the core convictions that guided him through his successful 40 years in business, one mustn’t look any further than Dick’s 24 Rules for Success in Finance and Life. Mr. Speaker, I would like to highlight a few of Dick Jenrette’s rules. Number one, don’t burn bridges that are behind you. Remember that life has no blessing like a good friend. Try to be nice and say thank you a lot. Don’t criticize someone in front of others. Don’t forget to praise a job well done, but don’t praise a poor job. Lastly, keep your standards high in all you do. There are more, Mr. Speaker, and I include in the RECORD Dick Jenrette’s 24 Rules for Success in Finance and Life. They are a guide for all of us. 
FINANCE AND LIFE  Stay in the game. That’s often all you need to do—don’t quit. Stick around! Don’t be a quitter! Don’t burn bridges (behind you). Remember—Life has no blessing like a good friend! You can’t get enough of them. Don’t leave old friends behind—you may need them. Try to be nice and say ‘‘thank you’’ a lot! Stay informed/KEEP LEARNING! Study—Stay Educated. Do Your Home Work!! Keep learning! Cultivate friends of all ages—especially younger. Run Scared—overprepare. Be proud—no Uriah Heep for you! But not conceited. Know your own worth. Plan ahead but be prepared to allow when opportunity presents itself. Turn Problems into Opportunities. Very often it can be done. Problems create opportunities for change—people willing to consider change when there are problems. Present yourself well. Clean, cleanshaven, dress ‘‘classically’’ to age. Beware style, trends. Look for charm. Good grammar. Don’t swear so much—it’s not cute. But be open to change—don’t be stuck in mud. Be willing to consider what’s new but don’t blindly follow it. USE YOUR HEAD— COMMON SENSE. Have some fun—but not all the time! Be on the side of the Angels. Wear the White Hat. Have a fallback position. Heir and the spare. Don’t leave all your money in one place. Learn a foreign language. Travel a lot—around the world, if possible. Don’t criticize someone in front of others. Don’t forget to praise a job well done (but don’t praise a poor job) I don’t like to lose—but don’t be a poor loser if you do. It helps to have someone to love who loves you (not just sex). Keep your standards high in all you do. Look for the big picture but don’t forget the small details. 
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, Dick was a man of great consequence. He lived his life to the fullest. He is a friend, and he will be dearly missed. HONORING DETECTIVE ROGER SHEARIN FOR HIS  
Mr. HOLDING. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Detective Roger Shearin of the Middlesex Police Department who a few weeks ago risked his life to save a young woman trapped in a sinking car. On Monday, November 12, Detective Shearin was on patrol when he came across a car that had just veered off the road and crashed into a pond. As the car rapidly filled with water, the driver was trapped and unable to escape. Without regard for his own personal safety, Officer Shearin sprung into action. He dove into the icy, cold water, pried the car door open, and rescued the young woman trapped in the vehicle. Thanks to Detective Shearin’s heroic actions, the young woman survived the perilous ordeal. Detective Shearin’s courage and bravery is an inspiration to us all. He is a living example of what it means to protect and to serve. I ask that everyone join me in honoring this brave officer and all of the men and women of the Middlesex Police Department who work on our behalf every day. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
GENERAL LEAVE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, general leave is granted for the Special Order of the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING ). There was no objection. 
REDISCOVERING THE DECLARATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, since the House of Representatives moved into this very Chamber in 1857, the people’s Representatives have debated the great issues of the day. The Speaker’s rostrum behind me was redesigned after World War II and words were added to the bottom level that speak to noble aspirations of our Nation: union, justice, tolerance, liberty, and peace. These words are not the fundamental principles upon which our Nation was founded, but are, I suggest, the fruits of those principles. Consequently, if our founding principles are eroded, these fruits will be eroded as well. Over recent decades, our Nation has endured a great and ongoing debate that, at its heart, goes to the continuing relevance of our Nation’s founding principles. And what are those principles? They are in our Declaration of Independence. 
‘‘We hold these truths to be selfevident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed.’’ ‘‘The consent of the governed.’’ These five words recognize that our Nation’s sovereignty is in her people—not the government, not the legislative branch, not the judicial branch, not the executive branch or the Federal bureaucracy, but in the people. Sovereignty in the people was, indeed, revolutionary in 1776, and it is at the heart of the notion of selfgovernment. This sovereignty in the people, however, is not absolute. It is restrained by a higher law that acknowledges that certain of our rights come from our Creator and are inalienable, among them, the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. These rights do not come from or depend on government, or what a majority of people electing the government decide. They require, however, that the government protect them. Sovereignty is further restrained by the higher law that we are created equal. Our laws should not favor one person over another. All are to be equal before the law, and there must be a fair playing field where all are given the opportunity to develop their Godgiven gifts and talents. These concepts, Mr. Speaker, are not just founding principles. These are truths, selfevident truths. There are many today who challenge the notion of truth and claim everything is relative. But the Founders recognized the selfevident truths of the Declaration in establishing this country. Our Founders built on these principles when they adopted our Constitution and Bill of Rights which limited the power of the Federal Government. The Founders understood that the bigger government became, the more it would infringe on the principles in our Declaration. It was appealing to our founding principles that our Nation was able to correct the defect in our Constitution that denied equal rights and liberty to those held in slavery. But some current political views reject the framework of sovereignty in the people, and that such sovereignty is limited by Godgiven rights and freedoms. Some decry our Constitution’s structure as being a charter of negative liberties. For example, Barack Obama, prior to becoming President said that our Constitution, ‘‘ . . . says what the States can’t do to you. Says what the Federal Government can’t do to you, but doesn’t say what the Federal Government or State government must do on your behalf.’’ If you don’t like what the Constitution says, there is a process to amend it. And those who would advocate for the government to do things, should go through the process of proposing amendments. Those who are Progressives believe that they can better order a society than can a free people relying on their Godgiven rights to life and liberty. But this is inconsistent with the notion of selfgovernment. Progressives believe in the power of government. The power of government should be used to protect rights, not infringe or abridge them. What Progressives miss is how the power of government can destroy communities and lives and infringe upon Godgiven freedoms, which we have seen in recent decades. It is the power of the government acting through the Supreme Court that denied the very first right recognized in our Declaration, the right to life, for an entire class of human beings. To be clear, insisting on universality of the Godgiven right to life is not an establishment of religion. It is simply an affirmation of a selfevident truth described in our Declaration of Independence. It is the power of government that put through great society programs that undermine the family and dramatically increased societal challenges as a result. It is the power of government that targeted the American energy industry, threatening hundreds of jobs in my district. It is the power of government that took away healthcare plans that people liked, and the power of government that went after the Little Sisters of the Poor. Rather than looking to the power of government, perhaps we should look to the power of the people. Rightly understood, government should not be looked at as a vehicle for wielding power, but for serving and protecting the rights in our Declaration and Constitution. It is never out of season to rediscover those principles. This is what Abraham Lincoln called upon us to do at another divided time in our Nation. In an 1858 speech in Lewistown, Illinois, Lincoln said, ‘‘ . . . if you have been taught doctrines conflicting with the great landmarks of the Declaration of Independence; if you have listened to suggestions which would take away from its grandeur, and mutilate the fair symmetry of its proportions; if you have been inclined to believe that all men are not created equal in those inalienable rights enumerated by our chart of liberty, let me entreat you to come back . . . come back to the truths that are in the Declaration of Independence.’’ If we want union, let us unite around the principles of the Declaration. If we want justice, let us work for equality for all while protecting the right to life of every human being, no matter their age or state of dependency. If we want tolerance, let us appreciate that while we, indeed, have differences, we should not demonize those with whom we disagree. If the Little Sisters of the Poor, or a small business, or a private citizen for that matter, hold sincerely held beliefs that people throughout history would recognize as being grounded in the exercise of conscience and faith, we should be tolerant of such exercise. If we want liberty, let us ensure that our Constitution remains a check on the power of the State that would infringe on the fundamental rights and freedoms our Founders sought to protect. And if we want peace, let us embrace what our Founders embraced. And like the Founders, let us firmly rely on the protection of divine providence as we mutually pledge to each other our lives, our fortunes, and our sacred honor. And when we reaffirm our foundational principles, let us hope that instead of division, we would see the new birth of freedom that Lincoln envisioned. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my deepest gratitude to the people of Pennsylvania’s 12th Congressional District, encompassing Beaver County and parts of Allegheny, Lawrence, Westmoreland, Cambria and Somerset Counties. I appreciate that they elected me to represent them in this House for the past 6 years. It has been an incredible honor to pursue the objectives they sent me here to do: to get the economy growing at a healthier pace with more jobs and higher wages; to stop government overreach that was taking away the right of people to choose their own healthcare plan and causing their health insurance costs to skyrocket; to stand in solidarity with our veterans; and defend the foundational principles on which this country was founded, including the first right and the first freedom mentioned in our founding documents, the Godgiven right to life and the free exercise of religion. Mr. Speaker, I could not have done my work without the support of several constituents, in particular: my wife, Elsie; and my kids, Mimi, Gerard, Edmund, Maggie, Helen, and Alice. b1115 Their patience and endurance with my absences are what many families of those in public life go through, and I cannot thank them enough. May God grant that our country reaffirm the truths embedded within our Declaration of Independence. May He grant that such reaffirmation does lead to that new birth of freedom that President Lincoln spoke of. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
WE NEED TO MODERNIZE OUR INDUSTRIAL POLICY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Ohio 
(Mr. R YAN) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as the Congressman from the General Motors Lordstown plant. We had some bad news this week that we are going to lose 1,600 jobs in Lordstown. When you factor in the supply chain, four, five, six times the amount of that in our community— seat manufacturer, logistics company, trucking, and all the rest. Many communities in the last week have been dealt a pretty bad hand. I think this speaks, Mr. Speaker, to the broken economic system that we have in the United States. This company, many years ago, got a rescue package from the taxpayers in the United States. When many years later, last year, they got $157 million in a tax cut that we were told was going to be spent for workers, factories, and jobs in the heartland, and turned around and cut 14,000 jobs and their stock price goes up 6 percent, that is a broken economic system that we have in the United States of America. We need an industrial policy in this country where the government, the agencies, the departments, the Tax Code, and the investments in infrastructure and education are all moving in the same direction that will create manufacturing jobs here in the United States. We have to have policies that move venture capital out of the three main States, California, New York, and Massachusetts, which is 80 percent of all venture capital. I am not sure, Mr. Speaker, that the people on Wall Street or the people in the hightech centers of our country fully appreciate what is happening in communities all over the United States of America. They are being hollowed out and disinvested in. We need this government to begin to modernize itself and to look at the world as it is, and to recognize that globalization may yield great benefits and great wealth but that those benefits aren’t shared everywhere in the United States of America. They are not shared in the industrial Midwest. Wages have been stagnant for 30 years. People work hard, play by the rules, and still get to their retirement, and they lose their pension or their pension is cut in half. This is not working. This is not working, Mr. Speaker, and the American people are fed up. How much can the worker take? How much can their families take? Year in and year out for 40 years, this has been going on in this country. People who have money continue to make money. The top 1 percent continues to do well. I don’t hate anybody because they are rich. But my goodness gracious, when everyone else is suffering, when communities in Ohio, Michigan, Indiana, western Pennsylvania, Kentucky, and Minnesota that have done so much for so long, whether there is a war or manufacturing, it has been these communities who have responded. Now they have been cut loose, and the stock price goes up. It is time for us to reclaim the American Dream for these communities and these workers who have done nothing wrong. They have done everything right. They support their church; they support the Little League; they sit on the boards of the booster clubs; and they coach football. They have done everything right. Everything our society would ask of them, they have done, and they get cut loose. Now we live in communities that have blight; they don’t have broadband; and they don’t have investment. Some people will say: Just cut taxes for the wealthiest people, and all that wealth will trickle right down to the Lordstowns, the Youngstowns, and the Gary, Indianas of the world. Do you know what, Mr. Speaker? We have been trying this for 40 years. Since 1980, the supplyside economic policy has been pushed in this country. If it is so damn good, then why isn’t it working for working class people? That is what I want to know. If this economic philosophy is so great, why does the worker in Lordstown get screwed and the stock price for the company goes up 6 percent? Why do the CEOs of these companies get 350 times the amount of money that the worker on the factory floor gets? Does that seem fair to anybody? These people work hard and play by the rules. They can’t get healthcare. People out working hard, pension gets squeezed, kid gets sick, can’t afford it, got to go to the emergency room, opiate epidemic. Try to work hard and go to college, end up $30,000 in debt, $40,000 in debt, have to move out of your own community. The systems are broken in the United States, Mr. Speaker, and it is our job here in Washington, D.C., to remember these families who have done everything right. That is our commitment. Our responsibility is to fix this broken system. There have been a lot of promises made over the last few years for these communities. Things are moving in the wrong direction, and it is our obligation to fix it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTION REFORM The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I was hoping we would be able to get more accomplished this week that would help the American workers. It is amazing a party that calls itself the friend of the working class in America has spent much of the last 10, 12 years doing everything they can to encourage people to come into the United States illegally so that they can take the jobs from those hardworking Americans and those who wanted to work. It has clearly driven down wages for many years now. I think that had a lot to do with President Trump’s getting a higher percentage of African Americans and Hispanics than was ever predicted or that other Republicans have done. I have African American friends in different places who say that it is pretty clear the party that counts on getting 90 percent of our vote or so, most places, they haven’t done us any good. Under 8 years of the Obama administration, especially after the early part of the administration when the Democrats had the House, the Senate, and the White House, they got anything they wanted done. Did they want to fix immigration or the border? No. It was not a priority at all. They are more interested in driving us into socialized medicine, which has made record profits for the big pharmaceuticals, made record profits for the big insurance companies, and driven the little guys out of the market. So we also know, and we have seen in this last election, the part that the multimillionaires, the megamillionaires, and the billionaires have played as they poured hundreds of millions of dollars into the election to try to drive into office people who call themselves Socialists, Communists, and progressives. It doesn’t take a lot of research to figure out why they would do that. We saw the policies of the Obama administration and the Democratic Party have a profound effect on the economy. President Obama himself—you can find it on video—he finally had to admit that, for the first time in American history—it was on his watch; it was under his policies—95 percent of all the income made in America went to the top 1 percent. So we can talk about the party that cares deeply about the working class, but let’s look at whom they pandered to in order to get hundreds of millions of dollars to help in races where we had Republican Members of Congress who were outspent 10to1, 20to1, and 30 to1. It was dramatic. Talking to TEDCRUZ, he said that they had 18 fulltime employees, which is understandable you would have a lot, because it is the big State of Texas. You need more than two or three. He had 18 fulltime employees at the time of the election. He said that then he learned that his opponent, Robert Francis O’Rourke, had over 800 full time employees. What you normally use fulltime employees in your campaign for, you don’t have them necessarily go out and do the door knocking and do the calls, but usually it is your fulltime employees who contact others and solicit volunteers who then go do the block walking, the phone calls, and all that kind of thing. 
So to have outraised and outspent TEDCRUZso dramatically that you can have not just 18 employees but really a whole army—platoons and platoons, 20 platoons or so of fulltime employees— it tells you that that money was not coming from the country’s poor in order to drive up the contributions. One of the things that I feel really needs to be done—and I haven’t heard anybody mention it in the Democratic Party, and there is probably a good reason—but one of the things we saw in 2008 when President Obama, thencandidate Senator Obama ran—we saw little glimpses of it in the Clinton election years, but we saw it with Robert Francis O’Rourke—that is contributions that came in under the amount that required the filing of the name and information about the contributor. So it is a loophole. Obviously, if you have a loophole, somebody is going to come along and take advantage. But when you have millions and millions of dollars contributed in $40, $50 amounts so that you just list the amount, you don’t have to list who the credit card holder was, so we don’t know if there was one credit card that paid for millions of dollars of $50 contributions. We don’t know where that money came from. We don’t even know if it came from the United States or Iran. When you have that kind of a loophole, heck, you could even have—and I am just saying it is possible. When you don’t have to report where the money came from, you can say, hypothetically, that we will send $150 billion to you and your country if you will be sure and send me millions back for the campaigns I want to help. b1130 I am not saying that happened. I am just saying that is the kind of thing that is possible, and that loophole needs to be closed. It is inconvenient to have to report every contributor, but because it is a loophole that can allow violations of the law without allowing a proper audit and determination whether the law was violated, that loophole needs to be closed. We need to stick in a provision before we leave the majority that requires the contributor of every dollar to be listed meeting the Federal requirements: who they are, where they are, and that information. It needs to be filed. For heaven’s sake, if somebody is doing it with a credit card, it isn’t hard to do that filing. You can get a program that will just do it on automatic pilot for you. But in the same way, we know that the Democratic Party has battled tooth and nail. We have courts, I would say all over the country, but they are very careful where they file so they can have the most liberal judges, even though this is an area of complete ignorance of Chief Justice Roberts, who said there is no such thing as an Obama judge, a Bush judge. Well, he is right about that. Really, to say somebody is a Bush judge, that is really not to define who they are. We have seen appointments under H.W. Bush. I understand President George H.W. Bush has acknowledged nominating David Souter for the Supreme Court. I understood that it had come down to Edith Jones, who is a wonderful, Americaloving, brilliant jurist, former chief judge of the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans, but it came down to Edith Jones and David Souter. I was told by one of Edith’s close friends that she was asked to fly to Washington and actually was at the White House with David Souter while President George H.W. Bush was trying to make up his mind. Edith and Souter were both waiting to find out who was going to be tapped to go out into the Rose Garden, wherever they did it, to make the announcement of who was going to be the nominee. Supposedly—I was told, but haven’t confirmed—it apparently was John Sununu who said: I am sure Judge Jones is a great jurist, would be a great jurist. I don’t really know her. But I know David Souter would be a terrific Supreme Court Justice. So they said: Go get Souter. And he comes out. To say that Souter was a Bush appointment doesn’t define who he is. It doesn’t tell you anything about who he is. On the other hand, we have Justice Roberts. And it is nothing against him from an intentional point. It is simply that he is totally ignorant, apparently, of the fact that, when someone says this judge or justice was an Obama justice or judge, then it does define who they are. They are rockribbed liberal. They don’t care what the Constitution says. They fit in nicely at the Ninth Circuit, where one justice said something years back about: Well, we don’t care what the Constitution says. We figure if we come out with enough opinions, the Supreme Court can’t reverse them all. To me, it is a bit treasonous. It is unconstitutional. It should be a basis for impeaching any such judge. But we haven’t done that. I was hoping that our Judiciary Committee would begin to bring in justices who had shown contempt for the Constitution in violation of their oath. But because of what I believe was the lack of keeping our promises, we didn’t get enough people out in the last election, and we lost the majority in the House. I know we had House Republican leaders whose mantra was, ‘‘When there is no drama, we win,’’ but it seemed very clear. The Senate won. They picked up a couple of seats because they fought and there was drama, and they stood up against the outrageous attacks on an honorable man named Kavanaugh, kind of like Judge Bork. There probably was nobody more qualified like Judge Bork when he was nominated, but he was a bit arrogant, so they got the folks to bring him down. You had Senator Ted Kennedy, who did an amazing job of character assassination. He was effective in the lies he made up about Bork, and that kept him from being confirmed. Of course, there was a big celebration not for the truth, but for the fact that, regardless of the truth, they were able to block Judge Bork. The term ‘‘Obama judge’’ or ‘‘Obama justice’’ is quite definitive. He was very careful not to appoint anyone who believed in following the strict language of the Constitution. These are people who had no problem in doing what I left the bench to do, and that is to legislate. They have no problem with taking over legislative duties. Now we have seen we have Obama judges who have no problem taking over the executive function. Can any judge say that a President cannot put restrictions and even prevent a reporter from coming and asking questions when they violate what has been instructed and when the person in charge, the President, says, ‘‘I have answered your questions,’’ and he doesn’t allow a filibuster and the reporter still will not be obedient? The President needs to be able to say: ‘‘You are not going to come back and ask any more questions. That is the way it is.’’ It seems to me to be perfectly equivalent, if the President were to issue an order saying that no Federal judge could go back—or could limit oral argument, that it is a violation of an attorney’s freedom of speech, but to put a time limit on oral argument. In the early days of this country, there were no time limits on arguments before the Supreme Court. I understand Daniel Webster argued one case for about 3 days. In the Amistad case, John Quincy Adams, one of my heroes, even though he was a very ineffective President—some say the best educated, perhaps the most intelligent—but he was determined to bring an end to slavery. He was talked into handling the oral argument in the Amistad case before the Supreme Court when they were meeting downstairs. His argument spilled into a third day. Since it was multiple days, one of the nine Justices even died during that time. That kind of crimps your argument a little bit if you lose a Justice. They didn’t have time limits. You could argue the case as long as you wanted. In fact, if you go down to the Old Supreme Court Chamber downstairs, they have two red couches. They are called fainting couches because lawyers could argue a case as long as they felt like they should, and sometimes they might grow faint. They had a place to land if they argued too long and became faint. If the courts are going to say the President cannot have any restrictions and put any restrictions on reporters who want to filibuster a press conference and they can’t limit their questions as long as the reporter wants to talk, then maybe the President should issue an executive order that no Federal judge can limit the time of oral argument of any lawyer before the court. 
Now, if that had been the law, that I could not limit oral argument in a case either during my time as a trial judge, my time as a court of appeals chief justice, I could not have survived on the bench. You have got to be able to put a limit on how long argument is going to go on. But if the courts are going to say the President can’t limit a reporter, it violates his freedom of speech, it sure seems like it is a violation of a lawyer’s freedom of speech for a justice to say: I am putting a limit of 10 minutes, an hour, 40 minutes, whatever they do. It seems like that would be a violation as well. It is just really outrageous, and you would expect either an Obama or Clinton judge to be the one who would issue such a ridiculous ruling. Certainly, reporters have freedom of speech, but they do not have a right to be anywhere they want to be to utilize that speech. The President can restrict all kinds of areas. As we know, President Obama did. He shut down tours of the White House for a prolonged period of time. We had a harder time allowing constituents—I am talking about Democratic constituents, because we don’t care what party anybody is affiliated with. No party, some party, if they want our help to get a ticket to tour the White House, we help them. We don’t ask them what party they are a part of. Apparently, party meant a great deal during the Obama years, and they had no problems with doing things like violating the law that says you can’t spend more to shut down a Federal site during a government shutdown than it takes to leave it open. They spent a lot of money shutting down facilities that didn’t require any money to keep them open. They wanted to make the veterans suffer and keep them out of their memorials. For some of them, it was their only chance to see the memorials in their whole life. The Obama administration didn’t care. They shut them down and then said it is all the Republicans’ fault. Even though we passed four bills, doing everything we could to prevent a government shutdown, the Senate was hellbent on having a shutdown, and with the help of John Boehner saying Republicans did it, it was ridiculous. Maybe he had had too much to drink that night. I don’t know. We passed four bills in those preceding days, even up until 1 a.m. The last one was appointing conferees. They didn’t include me. They were people who were ready to get an agreement struck within the hour, and the Senate would not appoint conferees because they wanted a shutdown. I was just heartbroken. I was the one who cut the tape. I hollered at STEVE  PALAZZO from Mississippi. He had three busloads of veterans out there. The majority, I think, were in wheelchairs. They couldn’t get in. I came with scissors, cut the tape. I called STEVE over. There were two big barricades. I said: STEVE , when I cut the tape, don’t hesitate. You open the left side, I will open the right side, and we will get this open for our veterans. I had asked STEVE KINGbefore we did that to go over and tell the Park Police closest to us which ones were Members of Congress so they didn’t arrest us and then later say: Oh, we didn’t know they were Members of Congress. We had a right to be there, and we had a right to inspect the facilities. So, STEVE took care of that detail for us. Once he had done that, then I cut the ribbon. And he opened the left one; I opened the right one. I didn’t even notice there was a bagpipe player who had worked his way up right behind me and STEVE . So when we opened those barricades, the first guy through behind us was the bagpipe player. It was awesome to see all those veterans rolling in in wheelchairs right behind the bagpipe player. It was a beautiful sight. But it was tragic to see the way the Obama administration wanted to punish our veterans. After I left there to go try to help open the Iwo Jima Monument access, I came by and could see the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial. I couldn’t believe they had barricaded that. It is a walkthrough memorial. b1145 Yes, they wanted to blame Republicans, but they spent a lot of money to blockade a facility that you walk through. It is a moving memorial to most of us, but they blocked people out of that. So when you couple that kind of callousness toward the middleclass patriots of this country who risked life and limb—some of them lost limbs—and you want to punish them to make a political point, it was outrageous. Then, when you see that the economic policies of an administration, the Obama administration, which claimed to be looking out for the little guy, where basically they kept holding out—luring people into the United States illegally by their failure and refusal to protect our borders. It is clear they drove down wages. People had not had a wage increase, when adjusted for inflation, for a very long time. When anybody really studies socialism—and I am not talking about the games that are played in so many universities now about this glorious thing called socialism, progressivism, communism. When you really look historically at what that means, in socialism there is no middle class. You have the ruling class, and you have the ruled class. Now, someday in heaven, then everybody will share and share alike and do so joyfully. But in this world, where no human being is perfect, there is always going to be jealousy. You are always going to have circumstances like I found as an exchange student in the Soviet Union when I asked a bunch of farmers sitting in the shade in the middle of the morning: When do you work out in the fields? They looked terrible. You couldn’t even tell what they had cultivated and what they hadn’t. And they laughed, and I thought I had said something wrong in Russian. One of them responded: I make the same number of rubles if I am out there in the sun as I do here in the shade, so I am here in the shade. That explains why socialism, communism, it never, ever works in this world. It never, ever will. You are left with a ruling class that gets all kinds of privilege—that doesn’t have to worry about money, they get everything they want—and then the ruled class. And their healthcare stinks. Being over in the Soviet Union for that summer and being exposed to their socialized medicine, I literally thanked God that I was American and never had to worry about socialized medicine. It just seemed like they were 20, 30 years behind where we were. And I lived in the small town of Mount Pleasant. We had a lot better healthcare than they had over there at some of the larger cities. It was amazing. But, if you are going to use socialism and you are going to pay a physician the same amount of money whether they see 5 people or 100 people, then the physicians have no incentive to take care of as many people as they physically can. They have an incentive to see as few as they can. And, in a socialized medicine situation, the physicians don’t get paid all that much. Now, the big pharmaceuticals, Big Pharma, the big insurance companies— not the little ones, the big ones—and pharmaceuticals that signed on to support ObamaCare, they could tell, and I could tell from reading the bill, that they were going to make billions and billions more than they have ever made in their history. As I told some of their lobbyists, you guys signed your own death warrant. Yeah, you are going to make billions and billions more, maybe 15 years; but then, eventually, you are going to be capped. And you are not going to be able to collect for research and development. You are going to be unable to keep creating lifesaving, lifeenhancing medications, and you are going to be like a Third World pharmaceutical. They didn’t care, because these guys had golden parachutes. They knew they would make billions more because of what Obama did for them. And they did, and they have, and they still are. Yes, we have lost a lot of insurance companies, but the big companies, they are doing great. They are doing real well. In fact, I was shocked; I missed it when I read the bill, but these biggest insurance companies could even get bailouts in years they made record profits. We were able to stop some of that while we had the majority, but I guess 
those kind of things won’t be stopped next year. The Democrats that passed ObamaCare are probably not going to be restricting the big money coming to the big insurance companies because I am sure a lot of that will come back in the way of political contributions. So, there is a lot that needs to be done. We have not been faithful, as a party, to keep our promises. The number one issue, I think, that got President Trump elected was that he was going to secure the border: We are going to get a wall built where we need it. And I really do believe what he said, that if he had the cooperation of Congress, he was going to be able to make Mexico pay for it. And I felt like he eventually would. But if there is no wall built—not in all places do we need it. We don’t need 2,000 miles of it, but there are some places where we definitely need it. But these invasions—whether you want to call them caravans, they are really invasions. Even though the altleft media like CNN and MSNBC were saying it is all big lies about these caravans, there are no invasions, there are no caravans, it is all a political hoax—well, it was not a political hoax. They were either intentionally lying, or they were just ignorant. Either way, they were wrong. Then we see yesterday information about at least a third of those who are wanting to crash into our country, invade our country, have serious healthcare issues. And they are going to make a lot of Americans sick if they come in. Now, there is no country in the history of the world that has been more generous, more philanthropic, has done more good for other countries, other peoples all over the world. But, in order to maintain that, you have to have a vibrant economy. And, actually, to do that, to care for the environment, you have got to have a vibrant economy. So we should be doing reconciliation, get the money for the President’s wall, and do it now before we turn over the majority. Anything else is a betrayal of our promises. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. POEof Texas (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 6651. An act to extend certain authorities relating to United States efforts to combat HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria globally, and for other purposes. H.R. 7187. An act to extend the National Flood Insurance Program until December 7, 2018. f SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 140. An act to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard, and for other purposes. f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on November 29, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 4254. To amend the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and National Aeronautics and Space Administration internship and fellowship opportunities to women, and for other purposes. H.R. 390. To provide relief for victims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes who are members of religious and ethnic minority groups in Iraq and Syria, for accountability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes. H.R. 2422. To amend the Public Health Service Act to improve essential oral health care for lowincome and other underserved individuals by breaking down barriers to care, and for other purposes. H.R. 5317. To repeal section 2141 of the Revised Statutes to remove the prohibition on certain alcohol manufacturing on Indian lands. H.R. 1074. To repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to confer jurisdiction on the State of Iowa over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Sac and Fox Indian Reservation’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 53 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, December 4, 2018, at noon for morning hour debate. 
OATH FOR ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION Under clause 13 of rule XXIII, the following Members executed the oath for access to classified information: 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. S. 245. An act to amend the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self Determination Act of 2005, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1057, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1418. A bill to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to provide that Alexander Creek, Alaska, is and shall be recognized as an eligible Native village under that Act, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1058). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. S. 245 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. MARCHANT (for himself and Mr. HIGGINS of New York): H.R. 7203. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to create longterm care accounts funded by the proceeds of the sale or assignment of life insurance contracts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for herself, Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Ms. NORTON , Ms. M ENG, Ms. L EE, and Mr. DESAULNIER ): H.R. 7204. A bill to strengthen student achievement and graduation rates and prepare young people for college, careers, and citizenship through innovative partnerships that meet the comprehensive needs of children and youth; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ARRINGTON (for himself and Mr. KILMER ): H.R. 7205. A bill to amend the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to eliminate any August recess for the House of Representatives until the House has approved all annual appropriation bills for the next fiscal year; to the Committee on Rules, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 7206. A bill to amend titles 41 and 10 of the United States Code to establish certain procurement procedures with respect to businesses wholly owned through an ESOP, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DAVIDSON: H.R. 7207. A bill to allow the Secretary of the Treasury to accept public donations to 
fund the construction of a barrier on the border between the United States and Mexico and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRIFFITH (for himself, Mr. HARRIS , Mr. N ORMAN , and Mr. R OEof Tennessee): H.R. 7208. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the child tax credit with respect to stillbirths; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MITCHELL (for himself, Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. D UNN, Mr. R UTHER FORD , Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. B ACON , and Mr. LAWSON of Florida): H.R. 7209. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to require a certain percentage of COPS grant funds to be used for the salaries and benefits of school resource officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SOTO (for himself, Mr. CURBELO  of Florida, Mr. CRIST, and Mrs. M URPHYof Florida): H.R. 7210. A bill to direct the Director of the United States Geological Survey to establish a program to map zones that are at greater risk of sinkhole formation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 7211. A bill to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to regulate hydraulic fracturing operations on Federal lands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MCCARTHY: H. Res. 1164. A resolution providing for the printing of a revised edition of the Rules and Manual of the House of Representatives for the One Hundred Sixteenth Congress; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. By Mr. MAST: H. Res. 1165. A resolution condemning the Assad regime and its backers for their continued support of war crimes and crimes against humanity in Syria; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. M ENG, Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. MOORE , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. ROTHFUS ): H. Res. 1166. A resolution honoring and praising the American Jewish Committee (AJC) on the occasion of its 112th anniversary; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 1278: Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 1322: Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H.R. 1456: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 2076: Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 2315: Mr. AMODEI and Mr. G ALLAGHER . H.R. 2358: Mr. MAST. H.R. 2640: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. TONKO , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash ington, Ms. DELBENE, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. DOGGETT , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 2913: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 2946: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 3415: Mrs. BLACK . H.R. 3687: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 3909: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 3960: Mr. KIND. H.R. 4117: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 4256: Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 4415: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 4647: Mr. SMITH of Texas and Mr. K ILMER. H.R. 4691: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 4732: Mr. ROTHFUS . H.R. 4745: Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. S COTT of Vir ginia, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 5114: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 5158: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 5233: Mr. RASKIN , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Mr. S IRES, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. POCAN , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Ms. M ENG, Mr. A L GREEN of Texas, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 5499: Mr. MACARTHUR , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. PAULSEN , Mr. B ARLETTA , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, and Mr. BIGGS. H.R. 5533: Mr. LOEBSACK and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 5551: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 5879: Mr. VISCLOSKY and Mr. H UDSON . H.R. 5885: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 6510: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. CULBERSON . H.R. 6525: Mr. KHANNA , Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 6597: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 6791: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 6927: Mr. DAVIDSON . H.R. 7086: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 7123: Ms. PELOSI , Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , and Mr. G ALLAGHER . H.R. 7144: Mr. KILDEE . H. Con. Res. 82: Mr. CRIST. H. Con. Res. 143: Mr. KENNEDY . H. Res. 1031: Mr. VELA, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. DEUTCH , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. B ERA, Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Mr. ELLISON . H. Res. 1145: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . f 
125. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to urging Congress to propose an amendment to the United States Constitution, pursuant to Article V, that would reduce the length of a regular term of a United States Senator from six years to four years; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Member added his name to the following discharge petition: 
Petition 11 by Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania on House Resolution 873: Mr. Morelle. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mike Jones, a Durango paramedic and firefighter, who recently passed away after 40 years of service to his community. Mike’s life of service began at Mercy Hospital where he started working as an orderly. A few years into his career, he became a paramedic with the ambulance service. In 1973, he became a volunteer firefighter for the Animas Fire Protection District and he went on to serve as the Interim Fire Chief for the district. Later on in his career, he was employed with the Durango Fire and Rescue Authority as well as the Durango Fire Protection District. Mike was known by many for his compassion and empathy, often cooking dinner for the families of patients who had passed away. Mike’s many good qualities were what compelled Durango Fire Deputy Chief Randy Black to have all new hires work with Mike. He wanted them to learn how to properly care for the sick and injured from the best of the best, and Mike was the best. It was not just his work ethic and service to his community that set him apart, he will be remembered for his humor as well. In the early 1990s, he drove a fire truck across a bridge on the way to a fire after being assured that it could hold the weight of the truck. Unfortunately, the bridge collapsed, and the truck got stuck. As his truck was being pulled out, a photographer with a local news outlet snapped a picture of Mike grinning from ear to ear in front of the truck. For all who worked with and around him, it was an expression Mike frequently wore and perfectly encapsulated his positive outlook and lighthearted nature. Mr. Speaker, Mike’s impact on the Durango community will never be forgotten and it is my privilege to acknowledge his achievements and generosity here today. We were fortunate to have such an upstanding individual call the Third Congressional District home. On behalf of everyone in the Durango community, I would like to thank Mike for his service and honor the admirable life he lived. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a former longtime member of my staff, Mary O’Keeffe, for her work in my office and her service to our state. Mary started on our team during my first term in Congress, serving as my foreign affairs Legislative Assistant. During her time in our office, she advised me on a variety of policy issues, served as our lead staffer with the House Foreign Affairs Committee, and helped develop numerous pieces of legislation. After leaving our office, Mary went on to work for Rep. ANDY HARRIS and now serves as the Chief of Staff for the Maryland Transportation Authority. On a personal note, I admire Mary’s loyalty, intellect and work ethic. She has been a valuable member of our team, and I have no doubt Mary’s future is very bright. I want to thank Mary for her friendship and her hard work in our office. I wish her continued success in all that God has planned for her and her family. 
THE FIGHTIN’ TEXAS AGGIE CORPS OF CADETS: 142 YEARS OF TRADITION 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Texas A&M University opened its doors to 40 students in 1876 as the Agricultural and Mechanical College of Texas. Created under The Morrill Act, which stipulated that all students participate in military training, all Texas A&M students (at that time, admission was limited to white males) were members of the Corps of Cadets. Aggies have been serving with honor in the armed forces since the Spanish American War of 1898. During the Spanish American War, 89 Aggies served in the Army, and 63 Aggies served as officers. When the United States became involved in World War I, 702 A&M graduates served in the military, and 668 graduates were officers. Texas A&M also trained over 4,000 troops during World War I. It was World War II, however, when Texas A&M exhibited its expertise in training soldiers as well as scholars. On December 7, 1941, students were watching a movie at the Campus Theatre. Upon hearing about the Japanese attack at Pearl Harbor, the theater manager shut off the film projector to announce the attack. ‘‘Beat the Hell out of Japan’’ became a rallying cry across campus, encouraging students to enlist. In order to speed up the process of sending more Aggies to the front lines of the war, Texas A&M instituted a twelvemonth, three semester training program to prepare its soldiers. According to an article in the Houston Post in November 1942, courses were scheduled 24 hours a day to prevent crowding in workshops and laboratories. Notably, the entire graduating classes of 1941 and 1942 enlisted in the armed services immediately following graduation. One of these individuals was Arthur Lowell Lapham. Mr. Lapham was a fourth generation Texan and a proud Fightin’ Texas Aggie who enlisted on June 30, 1942. He would go on to fight for the United States in the Pacific Theater, serving as a fighter pilot in the Army Air Force in Japan and the Philippines. Mr. Lapham was one of 20,000 Aggies who served in World War II. 14,000 of these men were officers and twentynine were commissioned as generals. Close to 1,000 Aggies died in combat for this great nation; seven Aggies were awarded the Medal of Honor. Membership in the Corps of Cadets is now voluntary at Texas A&M; however, the university continues its tradition of training men and women to serve their country through military service. To this day, Texas A&M is the largest provider of military officers outside of the service academies. General George S. Patton once said, ‘‘Give me an army of West Point graduates, and I’ll win a battle. Give me a handful of Texas Aggies, and I’ll win a war.’’ And that’s just the way it is. f 
HONORING THE LATE KEN GNADT, FORMER MAYOR OF GRAND ISLAND, NEBRASKA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Ken Gnadt of Grand Island, Nebraska, who passed away in September after many years of faithful service to his community. Along with his extensive and lifelong volunteer involvement, Ken served as mayor of Grand Island from 1994 to 2002, a member of Rotary International for over five decades, and a Charter Board Member of Grand Island’s internationallyattended annual farm show, Husker Harvest Days. Born in Alma, Kansas, Ken’s work in agribusiness included stints in Texas, Iowa, and nearly seven years in Taiwan where he worked to strengthen Nebraska’s valuable economic partnership with Taiwan. He obtained his bachelor’s and master’s degrees in Animal Science from Kansas State University and a graduate degree in banking from the University of Wisconsin. I offer my condolences to Ken’s five children, four grandchildren, and five greatgrandchildren who survive him. He was an active member of St. Paul’s Lutheran Church and left a legacy that touched and improved many facets of life in Grand Island and greater Hall County from tourism to education and healthcare. Ken was named a Distinguished NEBRASKAlander by the NEBRASKAland Foundation in 2012 for his lifetime contributions to agribusiness and neighborly service to the state of Nebraska and the Grand Island community. Ken joined the Grand Island Community Foundation Board of Trustees in 2014. On behalf of Nebraska’s Third District, I thank Ken Gnadt for his remarkable leadership and commitment to community service. He will 
be remembered with the gratitude and admiration of many. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a former member of my staff, Kyle Pierce, for his work in my office and his service to our state. Kyle worked in several of my Indiana offices during my first and second terms in Congress, serving as an intern and later as a staff assistant. Kyle is a selfstarter and always delivered on whatever was asked of him. He was integral to the success of many of the events we put on around the District. Since leaving our office, Kyle has gone on to work for the Indiana Attorney General, and now works at Hathaway Strategies as an Associate Project Manager. He is also currently pursuing a law degree at the Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law in Indianapolis. On a personal note, I admire Kyle’s loyalty, intellect and work ethic. He was a valuable member of our team, and I have no doubt Kyle’s future is very bright. I want to thank Kyle for his friendship and his hard work in our office. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, December 1, 2018 marks Romania’s Great Union Centennial. It was on this day 100 years ago that members of the Romanian National Assembly gathered together and unanimously voted to unify the territories that they represented. That same year, as World War I raged on, U.S. Army Chief of Staff, General Hugh L. Scott, the first American highofficial to visit Romania, addressed the Romanian Parliament. Gen. Scott assured the parliamentarians that the United States would fight with them and the other Allied partners until victory was secured. Today, Romania stands as a country that has faithfully contributed to European peace and shared the burden of our collective transatlantic security. Romania also has contributed greatly to NATO’s operations in Afghanistan, Iraq and to the Alliance’s capacity to defend against ballistic missile threats. We Americans are proud to recognize the contribution of many generations of RomanianAmericans to the history and the development of the United States, and to honor their rich cultural heritage as an intimate part of the very fabric of U.S. society. Therefore, recognizing the outstanding strategic partnership between our two nations, I congratulate Romania and all Romanian Americans on their celebration of the Great Union Centennial. MAJOR HOMER L. PEASE POST OFFICE HON. DAVID P. ROE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I’d like to take this opportunity to express my support for H.R. 6621, a bill to designate the post office at 530 East Main Street in Johnson City, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Major Homer L. Pease Post Office.’’ A native of Johnson City, Major Homer Pease lived one of the most interesting lives I’ve ever seen. Major Pease first tried to join the Marine Corps in 1942 at age 13 but was turned away; so, he convinced a stranger to act as his father at the Army recruiting office instead. After he successfully joined the Army, he then completed basic training and became a paratrooper in the 101st Airborne, landing at Normandy on DDay. He was wounded shortly after but later rejoined his unit fighting in the Ardennes Forest, the Battle of the Bulge and Berchtesgaden. When he was wounded again, the Army discovered how old he was and sent him home at 15. He was awarded a bronze star and a Purple Heart for his service and returned home to complete high school. However, on his 16th birthday, he was again called to serve, making it as far as Fort Bragg before the Army sent him home once more. But his commitment to his country wasn’t done there. He served in ROTC in high school, and at ETSU, before receiving his commission in the National Guard after college. Even then, he still felt a calling to serve his country and later became a U.S. Army Ranger at age 36, arriving in Vietnam in March 1966. Unfortunately, on November 19 of that year, while leading a ground combat operation, Homer Pease fell on the battlefield. For the bravery he displayed, he was awarded the Silver Star, another Purple Heart and was promoted to Major. A picture of heroism, we can all recognize Major Pease’s contributions to our country and naming this Post Office in honor of his patriotism is one way to ensure his legacy endures. I urge support for this legislation. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a former member of my staff, Mike Lynch, for his work in my office and his service to our state. Mike served as my top advisor in Indiana during my first term in Congress. In that role, he helped open our district office, established our constituent service operations, and managed our Indianabased staff. Since leaving our office, Mike has worked in senior leadership roles at SpaceX, DAQRI, and now works as the Chief Revenue Officer at WaveOptics. On a personal note, Mike is a talented leader and wise advisor that I greatly admire. We share a love of Wabash College and the life lessons of sports. But, more importantly, we share a belief that it’s never wrong to do things the right way. I want to thank Mike for his friendship and his hard work in our office. I wish him and Lacy continued success in all that remains ahead for their family. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Coalition Against Insurance Fraud on their 25th Anniversary. The Coalition Against Insurance Fraud represents a wide array of consumer groups, insurance companies, and government agencies in combating all forms of insurance fraud. Among these groups, the Coalition’s membership includes several companies from Ohio. Cincinnati Insurance and Great American Insurance are both based in my hometown of Cincinnati. It also includes Nationwide Insurance Company, based in Columbus. These organizations work together through the Coalition Against Insurance Fraud to empower public and private groups against our nation’s proliferating fraud problem. Contrary to popular myth, insurance fraud is not a victimless crime. In fact, common fraud schemes often prey specifically upon the innocent and vulnerable. Fraud causes everyone’s insurance premiums to rise, and those who commit fraud are estimated to steal at least $80 billion a year. I understand the Coalition has helped enact more than 100 state antifraud laws and educate millions of Americans on how to protect themselves against damaging schemes. I also understand the Coalition conducts research studies for decisionmakers like myself to more effectively target and prevent fraud as we consider relevant policy. I am grateful for the Coalition’s efforts to protect Americans from fraud. Mr. Speaker, I hope you’ll join me in congratulating the Coalition Against Insurance Fraud on 25 years of advice, education, and assistance to the American public and lawmakers alike. Truth and honesty matter. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Martin Epeldi, better known as Marty, for his 23 years of service as a United States Postal Service letter carrier. Marty was born and raised in our state’s capital city, Boise, Idaho. Martin graduated from Boise High School and then Boise State University. He is also a proud member of Boise’s Basque community. For over two decades, Marty has served our community as a letter carrier, delivering the mail ‘neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of 
their appointed rounds’ and Marty is no exception. Marty has delivered mail to my Boise office for almost twenty years. In addition to providing trusted and timely delivery of the daily mail, he is a welcome and celebrated visitor to my Boise office. Members of my staff always look forward to his friendly conversation and entertaining stories. Marty’s contagious smile and laugh and his outgoing disposition will certainly be missed by the residents and business people of downtown Boise. It is an honor to congratulate Martin Epeldi on his remarkable dedication and service to the citizens of Boise. I wish him an enjoyment retirement and much pleasure spending time with family and friends. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a former member of my staff, Steve Sharp, for his work in my office and his service to our state. Steve worked in my Muncie office for over a year, serving in a variety of capacities and focused primarily on our field operations. Steve has an incredible work ethic and was a tremendous asset to our organization. Since leaving our office, Steve has worked as a financial adviser for Foresters Financial Services and WestPoint Financial Group. I want to thank Steve for his friendship and his hard work in our office. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for his family. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the Gold Star Mothers of Northern California: Carolyn Acosta, Mother of Spc. Rudy Acosta; Loretta J. Bridges, Mother of Staff Sgt. Steven Bridges; Betty Hall, Mother of Sgt. 1st Class Bryan E. Hall; Satnam Kaur, Mother of Cpl. Gurpreet Singh; Dianne Layfield, Mother of LCpl. Travis Layfield; Suzy Maddox, Mother of Sgt. Matthew William Maddox; Jan Martinez, Mother of Private 1st Class Jesse Jack Martinez; Debbie Mason, Mother of Spc. Roy Brooks Mason; Karen Meredith, Mother of 1st Lt. Ken Ballard; Rinda Pope, Mother of Private 1st Class Alexander R. Varela; Patricia Schumacher, Mother of LCpl. Victor Dew. These are the Mothers of brave men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in the name of their country. The Gold Star Mothers of Northern California highlight perhaps the most binding characteristic of these heroes: they are family. They come from the towns occupying the vast valleys and foothills of Northern California. They come from high schools and churches that produce some of America’s greatest minds. But most importantly, they come from the homes of loving families. When we as a nation lose a soldier and a patriot, these Mothers lose a child. We must remember that for the families of these fallen heroes, as with countless other families in our country, every day is Memorial Day. Time, sadly, does not heal all wounds. The grief of our Gold Star Mothers is just as great today as the day the casualty officer came to their door. Their loss is a heavy burden that they carry with them every day. Nonetheless, they persevere to keep alive the spirit of their brave children. I have heard many stories of the young men from Northern California who have fallen in combat—among them; Garret Pant, Jeremiah McCleery, Joshua Hardt, Victor Dew, and Sky Mote. By all accounts, these young men wanted to serve their country from the time they were in grade school. They sacrificed their lives and their promising futures to protect their fellow countrymen, and for that, we owe them a tremendous debt. Although we can never repay that debt, we can always remind these Mothers of our respect and appreciation for the sacrifices their children made and the work they are doing to carry on the legacy of each and every fallen soldier. It is organizations like the Gold Star Mothers of Northern California that keep their memories alive so that we as a nation pay tribute to them every day. These Mothers carry out the promise to our fallen heroes set forth by Reagan: ‘‘That just as they did not forget their missing comrades, neither, ever, will we.’’ f 
CONGRATULATING MAC TRISTAN ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE POLICE DEPARTMENT OF COPPELL, TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mac Tristan, Chief of Police of the city of Coppell, Texas, on his retirement after 8 years of dedicated service to the city of Coppell and over 37 years in law enforcement in the DallasFort Worth area. Mac Tristan began his career with the Coppell Police Department on January 24, 2011, following over 29 years of service with the Carrollton Police Department. For the past eight years, Mac’s leadership as Chief of Police has brought incredible success, in part due to his problem oriented strategies and strong conviction for serving his community. Through his guidance, the Coppell Police Department has experienced new standards of efficiency, and Chief Tristan has set a tremendous example for those in law enforcement and public service. Mac’s commitment to public service goes beyond his service in law enforcement, and is a true indication of the quality of his character. Through his work with the Kiwanis Club and as a Faith Coach at St. Catherine’s Catholic Church, Mac has helped countless people in need through some of their most difficult of days. Mac continues to lecture locally and internationally on leadership, problem oriented policing, challenging organizational cultures, and civil servant leadership. Mac is a graduate of Sam Houston State University, where he received his Bachelor’s Degree in Criminal Justice with Honors. He is a graduate of the FBI National Academy, the Senior Management Institute for Police, the John F. Kennedy School of Government, and the United States Army War College Strategic Implementation Seminar. For over three decades, Chief Tristan has served his community tirelessly, putting himself in harm’s way to ensure the safety of countless Texas residents. We are indebted to him for his exceptional leadership and his many years of bravery and sacrifice. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th Congressional District of Texas, I ask all my distinguished colleagues to join me in honoring the extraordinary service of Chief Mac Tristan and wishing him and his family the best in his retirement. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a former member of my staff, Mark Tieken, for his work in my office and his service to our state. Mark worked in my Indiana office for nearly a year, serving in a variety of capacities and focused primarily on field operations. Mark has an incredible work ethic and was a tremendous asset to our organization. He was always quick with a joke and was someone I could rely on for on the ground political advice. I want to thank Mark for his friendship and his hard work in our office. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate and commemorate Mr. Alphonso B. Deal on the 30th anniversary of his passing, which was earlier this year, on July 7th. From his lifetime commitment in the Harlem community, Alphonso B. Deal will be remembered for his significant efforts to increase access and participation for diverse communities. This included organizing a house crawl on Saturday afternoons to encourage people to live in Harlem all while showcasing the beauty in Harlem’s history and architecture. He was a staunch believer in expanding opportunities for the wider community. To expand access for Latinos, Asians, and African Americans to take the New York State Court Officer’s examination, Mr. Deal also asked the Tribune Society to hold a free test preparation course. Alphonso B. Deal was a dedicated public servant who served as a New York State court officer for decades until he was tragically murdered on July 7, 1988—heroically pursuing a ruthless criminal who robbed one man at gun point and shot two others. 
Aside from his work for the New York State Supreme Court, Alphonso B. Deal was a lifelong member of the NAACP, an active member of the Tribune Society, and a founding member of the New York State Commission on Minorities. ‘‘E Pluribus Unum’’ is our motto in the United States. The Latin term which translates to ‘‘Out of many, one’’ is center to the values we hold dear as a nation. Alphonso B. Deal understood that diversity is this country’s strength and fought to bring about impactful change in his field. We all come from different backgrounds but come together as one beautiful American people—regardless of our race or ethnicity. It is my pleasure and distinct honor to celebrate the life of Mr. Alphonso B. Deal, whose tremendous work left a lasting impact on his community. 
TEN YEARS AFTER THE MUMBAI ATTACK, PAKISTAN IS STILL OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this week marks the ten year anniversary of the most horrific terrorist attacks in India’s history. In 2008, the city of Mumbai became a warzone when ten terrorists attacked hotels, railway stations, cafes, and a Jewish community center, killing 166 people. We still mourn the loss of so many innocent lives, including six Americans. But justice for this awful attack has yet to be served. The one obstacle: Pakistan. Pakistan is already well known for helping give birth to the Taliban and providing safe haven for international terrorists like Osama bin Laden and alQaeda’ s central leadership. But Pakistan has held a cozy relationship with terrorists that predates September 11, 2001 and undoubtedly continues to this day. The Mumbai attack and Pakistan’s response provide amble evidence. The Mumbai attackers, all Pakistani citizens, belong to LashkareTaiba, or LeT. This group—which is designated as a terrorist group by the United States, European Union, India, and the United Nations—does not act without approval and support from Pakistan’s InterServices Intelligence Directorate (ISI). The LeT and ISI have been joined at the hip since the 1980s, first working together to fight the Soviets in Afghanistan, then in fighting India in Kashmir. After 9/11, when LeT was found to be closely working with alQaeda and the Taliban, including training and sheltering senior alQaeda leaders like Abu Zubaydah, Pakistan claimed to have outlawed the terror group. But it never arrested LeT’s leader, Hafiz Saeed, and the group was allowed to continue operating under its supposed charity wing, Jamaat ud Dawa. Pakistan’s true policy towards LeT became clear after the Mumbai attack, when multiple ISI officers were specifically implicated in organizing and supporting the 2008 assault. Pakistani investigators have even admitted that LeT was responsible for the attack and that it had been planned and prepared for at LeT training camps within Pakistan. But the Pakistani government refused to cooperate in India’s investigation and only temporarily took action against LeT, briefly closing their offices and dismissing charges against the group’s leader. Today, LeT and Hafiz Saeed are actively involved in Pakistani politics under the Jamaat ud Dawa front and inciting new generations of violent extremists. Ten years after the Mumbai massacre we know with absolute certainty that Pakistan’s status as a ‘‘counterterrorism partner’’ is an absolute joke. Thousands of terrorists use Pakistan as a base to fundraise, recruit, and train for their ongoing war against India, America, Afghanistan, and the wider world. Terrorism is Pakistan’s foreign policy. It is time we stop subsidizing it with American’s tax dollars. And that’s just the way it is. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to stand here today acknowledging the great work of the Financial Services Committee during the 115th Congress. I would like to highlight two of my bills that originated in the Committee and have now become law. First, H.R. 910, the Fair Access to Investment Research Act, allows ETF research to be issued like stock research. Prior to the passage of this bill, if ETF research was provided from a financial services firm to a client, it would be considered an ‘‘offer’’ under Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933. This legislation now gives safe harbor for these reports allowing investors access to useful information in this rapidly growing market. Since starting an investment firm in the late 1990s, I have seen ETFs grow from about 100 funds with $100 billion in assets to over 1,900 funds with over $3 trillion in assets today. ETFs average 30 percent of trading volumes (by value) on any given day. Yet, despite their growing popularity and increasing importance to retail investors, most brokerdealers did not publish research on ETFs due to anomalies in the securities laws and regulations. But with the passage of my bill, nearly 6 million U.S. households holding ETFs will have access to this important research. With this new law, I’ve personally seen the amazing research produced by financial services firms and am thrilled that retail investors both in Arkansas and across the country now have access to it. I would like to thank my friends, Mr. FOSTER  from Illinois, who helped me push this through the House, and Senator HELLER of Nevada, for leading the charge in the Senate and working with me on this bipartisan, commonsense legislation. Second, I would like to highlight the Volcker Rule Regulatory Harmonization Act, which had a provision become law as part of the S. 2155 regulatory relief package. The provision exempts community banks under $10 billion in assets from the Volcker Rule, which was consistent with recommendations made by the U.S. Treasury last year. The Volcker Rule has been one of the most indecipherable regulations; complete with 930 pages of language and overseen by five different regulatory authorities. Evidence of the Volcker Rule’s ill effects and profound unintended consequences were widely reported. A bank in my home state, which at the time had less than $8 billion in assets, was forced to divest a $2 million investment in a bank fund because of regulatory interpretation as it related to the Volcker Rule. This resulted in an $80,000 loss for that year. Community banks are spending too much time trying to comply with unnecessary regulations taking away from their main mission of serving their customers. By exempting banks under $10 billion, the law allows for a tailored and more appropriate regulatory regime. Again, I would like to thank Mr. FOSTER for his cosponsorship on this legislation as well as the many Senators involved in helping create a sensible and tailored regulatory relief package with S. 2155. Having worked in the banking and investment industry for the past three decades, I appreciate Chairman HENSARLING ’s, Senator CRAPO ’s and the Congress’ efforts to promote capital formation, reduce unnecessary burdens, and grow jobs and the economy. I’m proud of the exceptional, productive bipartisan record of accomplishment with 142 bills marked up, 126 bills passed the House and 50 enacted into law—more than any other House Committee. None of this would have been possible without the skilled leadership of Chairman HENSARLING who has been a dedicated and fearless leader of the House Financial Services Committee. It has been an honor to serve with him over the last four years and I wish him well in his next chapter. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a former member of my staff, Josh Taulbee, for his work in my office and his service to our state. Josh worked in my Muncie office for over a year, serving in a variety of capacities and focused primarily on field operations. Josh has an incredible work ethic and was a tremendous asset to our organization. Since leaving our office, Josh has worked in political roles on various local campaigns in Indiana and now works in the Delaware County Auditor’s office. I want to thank Josh for his friendship and his hard work in our office. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for his family. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD a statement by Greg Stanton, Former Phoenix Mayor, CongressmanElect. 
Arizona lost one of its greatest servant leaders with the passing of Congressman Ed Pastor. His humble nature, gentle style and beautiful sense of humor belied a brilliant tactician. His tremendous success in public service is directly related to his understanding of human nature: treat everyone, regardless of station in life or political party, with sincere dignity, respect and love. And he delivered overwhelmingly for the people of Arizona. Millions of people’s lives were helped because of ‘‘the big guy.’’ Without Congressman Pastor’s leadership, in Arizona, there would be no light rail, no bus service improvements, no Rio Salado riparian habitat development, no Sky Harbor Airport upgrades, thousands of students would not have been able to afford college. The list is virtually endless. The impact on our state due to his strategic action is unsurpassed. But he never once bragged about his success. He was a true ‘‘workhorse’’ not a ‘‘showhorse’’. But his legacy goes way beyond physical improvements to our state. In an era of such partisan tribalism, Congressman Pastor showed by his actions a wiser path: he was a partner to both Democrats and Republicans in this Congress. Members of both parties, and all wings within those parties, liked him and trusted him. We can all learn much from how he went about his business. And he loved everyone right back. Its why he took the time to mentor thousands of people looking to make a difference in our community through politics and policy: myself included. He taught all of us to lift up the next generation. That’s his most important legacy which will pay the most long term dividends for our state. Nicole and I loved Ed Pastor. He passed on his passion for public service to his family, all of whom are great leaders in our community. I had the good fortune to work closely with City Councilwoman Laura Pastor. We offer Verma, Laura, and Yvonne our sympathies . . . but mostly we give them our thanks for sharing this great leader with the people of Arizona. f 
IN HONOR OF THE CITY OF CHARLOTTE’S 250TH ANNIVERSARY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the City of Charlotte, North Carolina on the 250th anniversary of its founding. I am proud to hail from Charlotte, and I want to celebrate the Queen City on this momentous occasion. As a graduate of A.G. Middle School, Myers Park High School and UNC Charlotte, I hold a very special spot in my heart for this amazing city. Throughout its history, Charlotte has time and again shown the ingenuity and resiliency which allowed it to grow into the prosperous hub it is today. And that ingenuity and resiliency comes down to one common factor—the people who have called Charlotte home over two and a half centuries. Take the founding of Charlotte way back in 1768. Mecklenburg County and Charlotte Town were named for Queen Charlotte of MecklenburgStrelitz, wife of English King George III. Despite these overt ties to England, the local leaders of Charlotte banded together in 1775 to issue the Mecklenburg Resolves, the very first declaration of independence from Great Britain by any governing body in Colonial America. Or take the fact that Charlotte has grown from a regional banking center to the second largest financial center in the country behind only New York City. This growth was something many scoffed at until a committed group of local visionaries grew a few regional banks into Bank of America and Wachovia, two of the largest financial institutions in the world. The ingenuity and resiliency of Charlotte and its citizens have allowed the city to grow into not only the largest city in the Carolinas, but also one of the fastestgrowing cities in the entire country the past 30 years. While Charlotte has boomed, it has also retained the Southern charm and quality of life that’s made it such a wonderful place to live. Folks from across the nation have flocked to Charlotte with good reason—as the slogan goes, ‘‘Charlotte’s got a lot.’’ I’m fiercely proud of my hometown and I can’t wait to see what the next 250 years have in store for the crown jewel of the Carolinas. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in congratulating the City of Charlotte on its 250th anniversary. f 
THE FIGHT FOR VICTIMS MUST GO ON—THE VICTIMS’ RIGHTS CAUCUS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, prior to being elected to Congress in 2004, I spent 30 years as a criminal prosecutor and Judge in Houston, Texas. During that time, I encountered the worst of the worst in our society, from abusers to rapists to murderers. Even more painfully, I watched as countless victims of violent crime were utterly failed by the system. Victims were often thrown in jail, sent back to their abusers or just left to fend for themselves. It felt like the ultimate miscarriage of justice. Also during this time, I came across a type of criminal that I had never imagined flourished in this country—the human trafficker. Most Americans believed that human trafficking was an overseas problem, not something that was occurring in their very own backyards. This lack of awareness allowed sex traffickers and the buyers of trafficking victims to practically walk free. It became very clear to me that something drastic had to be done to help victims of crime and raise awareness about these new rapidly expanding criminal enterprises in our country. As a matter of first priority after being elected to Congress, I founded the Victims’ Rights Caucus (VRC) with Representative JIMCOSTA  (D–CA). Our mission was to create a bipartisan coalition of Members to represent the interests of victims of crime, generate awareness about how pervasive violent and sexual crime was in our country and increase resources available to law enforcement to combat the problem. Since its inception in 2005, the Caucus has taken the lead to protect programs that provide critical support for victim services throughout the nation, including the Victims of Crime Act (VOCA), Violence Against Women’s Act (VAWA) and the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act (TVPRA). The Caucus was instrumental in the enactment of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006, the Cruise Vessel Safety and Security Act, the Kate Puzey Peace Corps Volunteer Protection Act of 2011, the SAFER Act of 2013, the Victims of Child Abuse Reauthorization Act, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act and the Justice for All Act (JFAA). The VRC works closely with victims’ rights organizations, shelters, advocacy groups and criminal justice reform groups. Every year, the Caucus hosts various briefings on victims’ rights issues including domestic violence, sexual assault, child abuse, elder abuse, human trafficking as well as various other topics. We also recognize National Crime Victims’ Rights Week with our annual awards ceremony and policy forum. I am tremendously proud of the progress we have made as a nation to better support victims of crime and crack down on criminals. Topics like human trafficking, sexual abuse and domestic violence are no longer considered taboo. Counseling, resources and shelters are much more readily available to victims of crime. Both human traffickers and those caught buying human trafficking victims are now being prosecuted equally to the fullest extent of the law. I believe the VRC has greatly contributed to these successes so far, but there is still a lot of work to be done. Since deciding to retire at the end of my current term, I have put a lot of thought into who should replace me as cochair of the VRC. Recently, I reached out to my good friend and fellow Texan PETEOLSON to offer him the position. He enthusiastically accepted. Representative OLSON is a hardworking, caring and dedicated public servant, and I know he will work tirelessly to further the successes of the VRC. I wish him and Representative COSTA the best in their continued fight on behalf of crime victims. I have no doubt that Caucus will achieve many great things in the months and years to come. And that’s just the way it is. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a former member of my staff, Jack Miles, for his work in my office and his service to our state. Jack worked in my Indiana office for nearly a year, serving as a member of our political operations team. Jack has an incredible work ethic and was a tremendous asset to our team. On a personal note, Jack is a humble and positive teammate. I admire Jack’s commitment to public service, and I have no doubt 
his future is very, very bright. I am grateful to Jack for his friendship and his hard work in our office. I wish Jack continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career of Reuel A. Todd, Sheriff of Oswego County and an influential leader in Central New York. Dedicating himself to a lifetime of service in law enforcement, Sheriff Todd went to work every day with the intention to protect and defend his community. Throughout his 44 year career, Sheriff Todd retained his steadfast commitment to the security and safety of his county. Born and raised in Central New York, Sheriff Todd was passionate about law enforcement at an early age, attending the Police Training Academy after graduating from Oswego High School. In hopes of furthering his education, he also attended the New York State Sheriffs’ Association Civil School, Law Enforcement Management School, and the FBI National Academy. Sheriff Todd’s vast law enforcement experience allowed him to become a recognized Drug Enforcement Specialist upon entering the workforce. Sheriff Todd began his career as a Road Deputy with OCSD in 1974. He was quickly promoted to Sergeant and then to Criminal Investigator in 1977 before being appointed Undersheriff in 1984. Throughout his 15 year tenure as Undersheriff, Sheriff Todd helped Oswego become one of the first counties in New York State to receive accreditation by the New York State Division of Criminal Justice Services. Mr. Todd was first elected as Sheriff of Oswego County in 1998. During his two decades as sheriff, Mr. Todd mobilized his department to provide 24hour security coverage at three local nuclear power plants and secured funding for additional water safety at Port Ontario. Outside of his duties as Sheriff, Todd has also served as Chairman of Zone 7 on behalf of The Office of Public Security CounterTerrorism Network and President of the New York State Sheriffs’ Association. Sheriff Todd’s service to the Oswego community goes beyond his law enforcement contributions. He also worked to provide food to senior citizens through Meals on Wheels, coached Little League Baseball, participated in Boy Scouts and the Oswego Rotary Club, and is an active member of the Elks Club. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues in the House join me in honoring the distinguished career of Reuel A. Todd. His many contributions to Oswego County and the greater Central New York region will not be forgotten. Sheriff Todd’s lifelong dedication to the safety and security of his community should serve as an example for current and future law enforcement officers across the nation. HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF LELAND EMERSON BOREN OF UPLAND, INDIANA HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Leland Emerson Boren, an Upland businessman, farmer, and philanthropist who devoted his life to serving and helping others. Leland was known for his drive and hard work which he displayed throughout his tremendous career. The people of Indiana’s Fifth Congressional District are forever grateful for Leland’s significant contributions to the Town of Upland, the Grant County community, and the state of Indiana. A lifelong Hoosier, Leland was born in Owensville, Indiana, in 1923. He attended Anderson High School where he graduated in 1941. While attending Anderson High School, he began working as a heat treat specialist with the Nicholson File Company. Leland continued his work there after graduation until1945, when he accepted a position at Upland’s Pierce Governor Company Incorporated as a material control clerk. Dedicated to the company’s success, he quickly worked his way up the ranks. Leland was named general manager in 1956 and became president of the company just two years later in 1958. Shortly thereafter in 1969, Leland became president and director of Avis Industrial Corporation, a global manufacturing company, only a few years prior to the eventual merger of the two companies in 1971. Following the merger, Leland was elected chairman, president, and chief executive officer of Avis Industrial Corporation in 1983, eventually moving the company headquarters to its current location in Upland, Indiana. Known as a ‘‘ceaseless hard worker and a professional of integrity,’’ Leland was a selfmade man responsible for the tremendous growth of his business, which over the years has employed thousands of people. Avis is now a holding company with more than a dozen manufacturing facilities in the United States, Mexico, and Canada. A tenacious leader, Leland was appointed president of PHD, Inc. in 2010. Leland, who earned the reputation as an extraordinary boss, was dedicated to prioritizing the wellbeing of his employees till the very end. Leland’s commitment to business was equaled by his support for various local charities and educational institutions. During his lifetime, Leland made numerous contributions to support students, faculty, and administration efforts at Huntington University and Taylor University, often requesting to remain anonymous. A true testament to his outstanding career and selfless contributions, Leland was honored with numerous awards and accolades. He received honorary doctorate degrees from Taylor University, Anderson University, Indiana Wesleyan University, and Ball State University, as well as an honorary degree from Ivy Tech Community College. Notably, he was the recipient of four Sagamores of the Wabash, the highest honor the governor of Indiana can bestow upon a citizen, from Governors Evan Bayh, Frank O’Bannon, Joe E. Kernan and Eric Holcomb. His business endeavors also led him to sit on as many as 20 company boards. In his personal life, Leland was known as a generous, loving, and faithful man. He loved most in this world his dear wife, LaRita. In fact, those who knew him best would say he thought his biggest and proudest accomplishment was marrying LaRita. The two met in Wichita, Kansas, where she was working as a stewardess for Trans World Airlines. They married soon after and she was his partner in everything. While driving through the Town of Upland, you may recognize Leland’s property by the numerous bright pink barns on the property. LaRita missed seeing the beautiful sunsets in Oklahoma where the sunrays would reflect red hues from the dirt and project a beautiful bright pink glow onto their barns. Knowing of LaRita’s love for Oklahoma sunsets, Leland had their barns and other building exteriors painted pink as a constant reminder of her home state. Leland will be forever missed by his family, friends, colleagues, and the entire Upland community. On behalf of Indiana’s Fifth Congressional District, I extend my deepest condolences to Leland’s sons, Lael and Landrew Boren, daughter, Lori Meyers, their families, sister, Lucille Ashby, and his many grandchildren, nephews, extended family and friends who mourn his loss. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a former member of my staff, Kim Bennett, for her work in my office and her service to our state. Kim worked in our Muncie office for two years during my first term in Congress, serving as our Constituent Services Director. Kim has had a long career serving the people of Indiana’s 6th Congressional District, as she previously worked for my predecessor and our current Vice President, Mike Pence and for former Congressman David McIntosh. Kim has helped thousands of individuals navigate the complex federal bureaucracy and receive the help they need and she managed our Muncie job fair. On a personal note, I have known Kim for more than two decades. I want to thank Kim for her friendship and her hard work in our office. I wish her continued success in all that God has planned for her and her family. 
REMEMBERING THE EXPELLED JEWS OF ARAB COUNTRIES AND IRAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today memorializes the more than 850,000 Jews who were expelled from Arab countries and Iran. Jewish communities throughout the Middle East, which had thrived for millennia, have long been a persecuted minority. When the 
State of Israel was founded, many Jews were victims of brutal violence by their Arab and Iranian neighbors and had to flee their homes. We mark this occasion to remember the horrific trauma those Jews experienced so that it is never repeated. Today, very few of the ancient Jewish communities that dotted the Middle East survive. For centuries they lived largely at peace with their Muslim and Christian neighbors. Baghdad, Iraq was once the home to one of the region’s largest Jewish communities. When the British entered Baghdad during the First World War, a third of the city was Jewish. Today, there is supposedly only five Jewish individuals remaining. This is shameful. It is astonishing that in a region so rampant with antiSemitism has so little interaction with the people they hate so much. Many Arabs and Iranians living today have never met a member of the Jewish community; therefore their hatred is based not on their own experiences, but what extremists and hatemongers have taught them. They forget that Jews were a vital part of their history, when Middle East was an incredibly diverse place. Today, it is a region of conflict and radicals, where historic Christian communities are also now endangered. The story of the expulsion of entire Jewish communities from Arab lands is an important part of modern history that tragically affected the Jewish nation as a whole as well as the demographic composition of the Middle East and North Africa. This is a story must be told. And that’s just the way it is. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Columbus Metropolitan Housing Authority for receiving a nearly $500,000 federal grant for housing vouchers under HUD’s Family Unification Program. These funds will help young people from Central Ohio who are atrisk of homelessness obtain affordable housing. Last year, I was proud to spearhead the bipartisan effort calling on my colleagues to include $20 million for the Family Unification Program in the transportation and housing appropriations bill, which was ultimately included in the government funding bill Congress passed earlier this year. Throughout my time in Congress, I have fought for the housing needs of our Nation’s most vulnerable populations, especially those transitioning from fostercare into adulthood and I am pleased to see federal funds designated to end youth homelessness being put to use in the Third Congressional District of Ohio. HONORING PETER HOFFMAN HON. LUKE MESSER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a dedicated member of my staff, Peter Hoffman, for his work in my office and his service to our state. Peter has worked for our team for a year and a half, first as a Press Assistant and Legislative Aide, then as Press Secretary, and finally as Communications Director in our Washington, D.C. office. He was responsible for all my official communications and media relations, which included writing press releases, speeches, opinion editorials and more. Peter also booked appearances for me on national and local media outlets and worked with me to implement a successful communications strategy. On a personal note, Peter and I share a love of sports and that a belief God does an amazing job of keeping good people in our lives. I first met a far shorter Peter when he interviewed me as a Ball State freshman for the school newspaper. Since that time it has been fun to watch Peter grow physically, spiritually, and professionally. I have no doubt God has big things in store for his future. I want to thank Peter for his friendship and his hard work in our office. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for him and his family. 
HONORING THE CAREER OF NEW YORK ASSEMBLYMAN BOB OAKS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the illustrious career of New York Assemblyman Bob Oaks. Since 1992, Assemblyman Oaks has diligently represented the interests of Wayne, Oswego, and Cayuga Counties in Albany. Serving the 130th Assembly District, Assemblyman Oaks has always fought for his constituency’s values in the State Legislature. Assemblyman Oaks was born in North Rose, New York and grew up on a farm owned by his family for nearly five generations. He graduated from North RoseWolcott Central School in 1970, earned a political science degree from Colgate University in 1974, and then proceeded to complete his Recreation Administration master’s degree from University of Montana in 1976. Upon completing his education, Assemblyman Oaks began his career as Assistant Director of the Continuing Education Program for the Greece Central School District. After a five year stint as the Director of the Wayne County Youth Bureau, Assemblyman Oaks first reached public office in 1982 by winning the election for Wayne County Clerk. He held the office until 1992, when he won the 130th Assembly District seat and headed to Albany for the first time. Upon arriving in the State Legislature, Assemblyman Oaks prioritized strengthening the state economy and improving the competitiveness of New York agriculture. Throughout his career in Albany, Assemblyman Oaks fought for the conservative values of decreased taxes and smaller government. Assemblyman Oaks’ dedication to these causes resulted in his appointment to the Ranking Minority Member position on the Ways and Means Committee in September 2011. This role designated Assemblyman Oaks as the top Republican on tax issues in the State Legislature, allowing him to lead debate proposed tax legislation and any impacts such legislation may have on New York’s budget. Assemblyman Oaks was a part of the Republican leadership in the State Assembly in addition to his work on the Ways and Means committee. He served as the Deputy Minority Leader and was appointed by Minority Leader Brian Kolb to the Legislative Task Force on Redistricting in 2012. In each of these roles, Assemblyman Oaks shaped the Republican agenda in the State Legislature and ensured Assembly, Senate and Congressional district lines were fairly drawn across the state. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the House to join me in celebrating the successful career of Bob Oaks in the New York State Assembly. Assemblyman Oaks always legislated with the best interests of his constituents in mind. Most importantly, his offices in Albany and the 130th District were always committed to ensuring his constituency had access to the services of the state government. I express my strong gratitude to Assemblyman Oaks for standing up for the values of Central New Yorkers throughout his career in Albany. f 
IN HONOR OF THE CENTRALINA COUNCIL OF GOVERNMENT’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Centralina Council of Governments (CCOG) on their 50th anniversary. Originally established in 1968, the Centralina Council of Governments is one of 16 such councils in the State of North Carolina, and one of several hundred regional planning organizations across the country. Formally named Central Piedmont Regional Council of Local Governments, Centralina was created by and for local governments to allow members to partner on projects impacting our entire region. Today, Centralina Council of Governments serves local communities covering nine counties and 74 municipalities, representing nearly two million people in the greater Charlotte region, which includes Cabarrus, Rowan and Stanly Counties in my district. They are experts at balancing the needs of smaller rural towns, growing suburban areas and Charlotte itself—quite a feat when you consider the different challenges each type of community faces. CCOG assists local governments in coordinating sound regional development plans and provides a forum to address issues best handled through regional cooperation, planning and action. CCOG also provides a variety of services for our region including the administration of state and federal grants in the areas 
of aging, workforce development, economic development and planning. The council also provides technical assistance services to local government members and other organizations in the areas of regional planning, transportation, energy and environment, local government assistance, and business resources. In short, Centralina COG is dedicated to helping one of the fastestgrowing regions in the nation find innovative solutions to both existing and future challenges and to unifying the region’s collective resources to help grow the economy and jobs, improve the quality of life and control the cost of government. Mr. Speaker, please join me in wishing a happy 50th anniversary to the Centralina Council of Governments and congratulations on decades of a job well done. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 30, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a longtime member of my staff, Molly Newell, for her work in my office and her service to our state. Molly has been on our team for nearly five years now, serving in several capacities in our Washington, D.C. office. She started as our staff assistant, where she was responsible for coordinating our constituent mail program, managing our office intern program, and processing tour requests. She now serves as a Senior Legislative Assistant, where she is responsible for advising me on a variety of policy issues, including foreign affairs, healthcare, energy, workforce development, armed services, and veterans’ affairs. On a personal note, Molly is a kind soul, with a positive spirit and big smile. I am proud to call her my friend. I would also like to thank her for her hard work in our office. I wish her and Elliott continued success in all remains ahead for their family. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m., on Monday, December 3, 2018. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 9 public bills, H.R. 7203–7211; and 3 resolutions, H. Res. 1164–1166 were introduced.
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: S. 245, to amend the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self Determination Act of 2005, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–1057, Part 1); and H.R. 1418, to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to provide that Alexander Creek, Alaska, is and shall be recognized as an eligible Native village under that Act, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–1058).
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
Recess: The House recessed at 9:12 a.m. and reconvened at 10:01 a.m.
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure. Consideration began Thursday, November 29th. Federal CIO Authorization Act of 2018: H.R. 6901, amended, to amend chapter 36 of title 44, United States Code, to make certain changes relating to electronic Government services, by a 
2⁄3recorded vote of 391 ayes with none voting ‘‘no’’, Roll No. 425.
Providing for the printing of a revised edition of the Rules and Manual of the House of Representatives for the One Hundred Sixteenth Congress: The House agreed to H. Res. 1164, providing for the printing of a revised edition of the Rules and Manual of the House of Representatives for the One Hundred Sixteenth Congress.                      Pages H9747–48 
Designating the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 200 West 2nd Street in Dayton, Ohio, as the ‘‘Walter H. Rice Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass S. 2377, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 200 West 2nd Street in Dayton, Ohio, as the ‘‘Walter H. Rice Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, December 4th for Morning Hour debate.
Quorum Calls—Votes: One recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appears on page H9747. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 11:53 a.m. 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, December 3 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Bernard L. McNamee, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, December 4 
HOUSE Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E1589 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E1588 Espaillat, Adriano, N.Y., E1585 Gallego, Ruben, Ariz., E1587 Hill, J. French, Ark., E1586 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1587, E1589 Katko, John, N.Y., E1588, E1589 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1585 McCarthy, Kevin, Calif., E1584 McClintock, Tom, Calif., E1585 Messer, Luke, Ind., E1583, E1584, E1584, E1585, E1585, E1586, E1587, E1588, E1589, E1590 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1583, E1586, E1587, E1588 Roe, David P., Tenn., E1584 Simpson, Michael K., Idaho, E1584 Smith, Adrian, Nebr., E1583 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E1583 Wenstrup, Brad R., Ohio, E1584 