Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, 1968 was a watershed year in our nation’s history. That year saw the deadliest period of the Vietnam War and the peak of protests against that conflict. It saw the passage of the Fair Housing Act but the assassinations of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Robert F. Kennedy. 1968 saw President Johnson announce that he would not run for a second term and Richard Nixon elected to succeed him. In the midst of that tumultuous year, the National Advisory Commission on Civil Disorders, known as the Kerner Commission, issued its report examining the cause of riots and unrest that had occurred in inner cities and communities of color around the country. After visiting those cities, interviewing witnesses, and consulting with experts, the Kerner Commission submitted its findings to President Johnson. That groundbreaking report remains important five decades later, not only as an historical document, but also because it describes the same issues of race that we struggle with today and how we can overcome them. The Kerner Commission’s report identified twelve grievances that were shared in the communities of color where the unrest had taken place. Among these were lack of economic opportunity, discrimination in the administration of justice, and inadequacy of education, housing, and social welfare programs. These same problems persist today. Employment: In 2018, the unemployment rate for AfricanAmericans is 7.7 percent, compared to just 4.1 percent overall, and black workers made 83 cents on the dollar compared to white workers. Housing: only 41 percent of black households own their home, virtually the same as 1968, while over 70 percent of white families own their homes. Education: schools are more segregated now than they were thirty years ago, and blacks are half as likely as whites to have a college degree. Justice: blacks are incarcerated at a rate of 3.5 times higher than whites. So we now find ourselves in the same situation as the one described in the Kerner report 50 years ago: ‘‘Our nation is moving toward two societies, one black, one white—separate and unequal.’’ Fortunately, the Kerner report also described a path to reverse the trend of racial division. It called for ‘‘the realization of common opportunities for all within a single society’’ that requires ‘‘a commitment to national action—compassionate, massive and sustained, backed by the resources of the most powerful and the richest nation on this earth. From every American it will require new attitudes, new understanding, and, above all, new will.’’ Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand with my colleagues of the Congressional Black Caucus who embody the commitment to national action and the new will that the Kerner Commission called for 50 years ago. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 9, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I along with Representative HUFFMAN rise today to honor Chris Smith in celebration of his 40 years as a reporter and columnist for the Santa Rosa Press Democrat in Santa Rosa, Sonoma County, California. Mr. Smith grew up in Riverside, California where he attended Chemawa Junior High School and Ramona High School. He graduated from San Jose State University, where he earned a degree in reporting and editing. After graduation, he worked as a reporter for the PressEnterprise in Riverside, California and the weekly Independent Coast Observer in Gualala and The Sea Ranch in Northern California. He first joined The Press Democrat as a correspondent in Fort Bragg and Mendocino, reporting on the pulse of Mendocino County. In 2002, he became a fulltime columnist and since then has kept Sonoma County residents in tune with our region. Mr. Smith writes of the good people do for one another—the sculpture Patrick Amiot created for Carla Filgas, wife of the late Denny Martin; the delegation from Ichikikushikino, Japan who came to support their sister city of Santa Rosa after the fires; members of Threshold Choirs, who packed boxes of heirlooms and other items of personal significance for victims of the fires. Mr. Smith is also active in our veterans community. For the last several years he has hosted and emceed an annual event honoring Pearl Harbor veterans. When support beams from the Twin Towers were brought to Sonoma County as a permanent memorial to 9/11, he was instrumental in publicizing the associated events to honor the people who lost their lives. Mr. Smith is married to Diane Peterson, a fellow Press Democrat writer who covers food and music. According to Mr. Smith, he ‘‘lives primarily to sustain and amuse Betty, an Australian shepherd.’’ Mr. Speaker, two words come to mind when thinking of Chris Smith—patriotic and compassionate. He is truly dedicated to serving our region with his strong, communityfocused reporting. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor him here today. IN HONOR OF RICHARD ‘‘DICK’’ MORRIS ON HIS RETIREMENT HON. JOE COURTNEY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 9, 2018 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank a dedicated public servant, Richard Morris, at the time of his retirement, for his lifelong career in service of the residents of East Lyme, CT. As town fire marshal for the past 27 years, Dick has become an institution in the community, and his commitment and leadership will not be forgotten. Dick’s first foray into firefighting came as a teenager, when he began volunteering with the Niantic Fire Department. This general interest eventually became a professional career for Dick and in 1986, he became fire inspector. Over the years, Dick climbed the ladder to deputy fire marshal, assistant fire chief, and finally fire marshal in 1991. In this role he also served as emergency management director for the town, guiding residents through difficult situations, including storms and power outages. In addition to being fire marshal, Dick is also Chairman of the board for the Connecticut Fire Marshals Association and serves as the town’s harbormaster. In that position he advocated at the state and federal level for policies and funding to upgrade Connecticut’s homeland security and improve training for first responders. Previously he was President of the Connecticut chapter of the International Association of Arson Investigators. The town of East Lyme has been lucky to have Dick and I’m confident he will find new ways to contribute to the community for years to come. I ask my colleagues to please join me in wishing him a happy retirement. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 9, 2018 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take some time today to honor Harry Oliver, also known by his rank as Senior Chief, an exemplary constituent who I am immensely proud to represent. Mr. Oliver is retiring for the second time, after serving in the United States Navy for 23 years and then serving our nation’s youth for another 20 years. Mr. Oliver is retiring as a teacher and NJROTC instructor for Santa Ana High School, as well as carrying his Senior Chief military rank. Though his teaching journey is coming to an end, the impact he has made will live on forever. Mr. Oliver is a teacher in every sense of the word. He carries the qualities that every teacher should strive for—dedication, genuine interest, and being a role model for all his students. His time in the Navy unearthed his passion for guiding future generations as a Company Commander, teaching Damage Control 
to over 10,000 new recruits. His understanding and natural talent for helping recruits develop into their best selves led to his astounding success. It was after this time that he retired from the Navy to be with his wife and four children. After a short stint working for a delivery company, Mr. Oliver was inspired to become a teacher again and sought the Santa Ana High School NJROTC program. His dedicated focus on his students became evident to all that witnessed him teach. He was not only a teacher, but a mentor, friend, and at times even a father figure to his students. It is because he genuinely loved his students that they loved him. While working with Santa Ana High School’s NJROTC unit for almost 21 years, he helped develop one of the most distinguished units in the country. They received numerous awards including ‘‘Distinguished Unit’’ for 17 years in a row, ‘‘Most Improved Unit,’’ and honored as one of the top 5 NJROTC units in the nation. Mr. Oliver has enriched the lives of everyone he encounters and is a pillar of his community. His time in both the Navy and NJROTC will be remembered, and we are saddened to see him leave. His actions deeply impact all his students who will carry on his legacy. Even though he is retiring, he will continue to be a teacher, leading by example and demonstrating the best qualities of a life lived in service. I am truly honored to recognize Mr. Oliver today for his service in the U.S. military and for improving and guiding the lives of future generations. 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF NORTH COUNTRY PUBLIC RADIO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 9, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize North Country Public Radio on its 50th anniversary. North Country Public Radio (NCPR) is a public radio network with a mission to inform, enrich, and connect the community. Based out of Canton, New York, the network is the NPR affiliate for the North Country, providing NPR programming as well as music and awardwinning regional news coverage. In addition, NCPR serves as the emergency broadcast system for many communities within the North Country. Established in 1965 with a single transmitter covering St. Lawrence County, NCPR expanded to operate 34 transmitters today, serving not only the entire Adirondack North Country region, but also western Vermont and southeastern Ontario. NCPR provides a particularly important service to my district, delivering invaluable content to the people of the North Country. The hard work of NCPR employees has greatly expanded the options available to North Country residents, whether they are looking for entertainment programming or for news and information. On behalf of New York’s 21st district, I would like to thank NCPR for prioritizing the enrichment of our community during its 50 years of broadcasting. RECOGNIZING FAIRMOUNT FIRE DEPARTMENT HON. JOHN KATKO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 9, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the selfless actions of several members from the Fairmount Fire Department who went above and beyond the call of duty to help an elderly couple. On January 12, 2018, members of the Fairmount Fire Department were called to the residence of an elderly couple in Camillus, New York. Heavy rains and melting snow had flooded their basement, leaving their hot water heater and furnace submerged under a foot of water. To make matters worse, temperatures that evening were expected to plummet to below freezing, putting the couple’s safety in danger. With no family in the area to assist, and unable to relocate for the night, the Fairmount Fire Department came to the rescue. Exhibiting consummate professionalism, the first responders replaced a broken sump pump to drain remaining water from the couple’s basement. Fairmount’s Fire Chief personally arranged for a lastminute heater installation. Ernie Kreis, the owner of Ernie Kreis and Sons Heating Co. Inc., rushed to the couple’s home, and placed heaters throughout the house to keep the couple warm. The following day, Fairmount firefighters returned with dehumidifiers while Mr. Kreis and his crew finished installing a new furnace and hot water tank. Today, it is my distinct honor to recognize Fairmount Fire Department’s President Greg Popps, Chief of Fire Scott Clarke, Lieutenant Chris Barlow, Jesse Belon, Stephanie Barlow, Billy Spinelli, Zachary Benjamin, Chris Sheedy, and Lucas Patchen for their selfless actions. Fairmount Fire Department is comprised of countless community volunteer firefighters, and I am grateful for their countless hours working to keep the public safe. 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF RETIRED MISSISSIPPI ARMY NATIONAL GUARD MAJOR GENERAL (MG) JERRY KEETON 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 9, 2018 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of retired Mississippi Army National Guard and Army Reserve Major General (MG) Jerry Keeton who passed away on Saturday, February 24, 2018, in Baldwyn, Mississippi. MG Keeton, a native of Wheeler, Mississippi, was known for his devotion to God, country, family, and to his many friends. MG Keeton was born on March 17, 1937. He enjoyed playing basketball at Wheeler High School and served as the captain of the team when they won the 1955 State Basketball Championship. Upon graduation, MG Keeton entered Mississippi State University (MSU), where he continued his love of basketball by serving as the cocaptain of the MSU Bulldogs Men’s Basketball Team. The team won the Southeastern Conference Championship in 1959. He was also a member of the Blue Key Honor Society and President of the MClub. He was a proud ROTC Graduate. MG Keeton was a Distinguished Engineering Fellow and earned a degree in civil engineering in 1959. In 1960, MG Keeton joined the United States Army. The following year, MG Keeton married Josie Browning. He began a long and successful career that included command of troops at the Platoon, Company, Battalion, Brigade, and Group unit levels in the Mississippi Army National Guard. He served as Deputy Commander, Reserve Command of the 2nd U.S. Army located at Fort Gillem, Georgia. Following a long and distinguished military career, MG Keeton retired from the Army in 1993. In the civilian world, MG Keeton was a registered professional engineer. He worked for the USDA National Resources Conservation Service from 1965–2002 as a supervisory civil engineer. While living in Tupelo, Mississippi, MG Keeton was an active member of Harrisburg Baptist Church, where he served as a deacon. After a distinguished engineering career, MG Keeton retired and moved back to his hometown. He and his wife became members of Booneville First Baptist Church. It was in Wheeler where MG Keeton decided to become a cattle farmer. In addition to his love of farming, MG Keeton enjoyed hunting for quail and going fishing. He remained a loyal fan of Mississippi State University and Wheeler High School athletics, regularly attending games, especially basketball. Jerry Hutcheson, a friend of MG Keeton and fellow member of Booneville First Baptist Church, said he always enjoyed MG Keeton’s sense of humor. He liked to make people laugh. ‘‘Jerry was just a good guy,’’ Mr. Hutcheson said. ‘‘He loved to talk politics every morning as a member of the Hardee’s Coffee Club. He was devoted to everyone in the Berea Sunday School Class and to all his fellow senior adults in the church. He loved people.’’ A funeral was held on Tuesday, February 27, 2018, at First Baptist Church in Booneville. Reverend Carter Smith and Dr. Lynn Jones officiated. MG Keeton was laid to rest at the Booneville Cemetery. MG Keeton is survived by his wife of 56 years, Josie Browning Keeton; their son, Joe Keeton; and his brother, Billy Keeton. He was preceded in death by his parents, Wilmer E. and Helen Martin Keeton. MG Keeton was a true leader, who proudly served our nation. He touched many lives in both his professional and private life. MG Keeton will be missed. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 9, 2018 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of Mr. Kurt Toppel— a beloved father, husband, and Los Angeles community leader—who passed away on February 9, 2018 at the age of 85. Kurt Toppel was born in Cologne, Germany and immigrated to the U.S. in 1954. He served 
in the National Guard in the late 1950’s and later moved to Pacific Palisades in 1960 where he became very active in the community. Kurt served as president of the Pacific Palisades Community Council (PPCC), and was instrumental in formulating its Guiding Principles which are still used today. He played a critical role in securing funds to assure the construction of the new gym in the Palisades Park, which led to him being honored with the Pacific Palisades Citizen of the Year Award. He served as the president of the Marquez Knolls Property Owners Association for over 10 years, serving as an important advocate for homeowners’ rights. Through his prodigious community involvement, Kurt became President of PRIDE, a nonprofit designed to improve and enhance the aesthetics of Pacific Palisades. He was also a member of the CommunityPolicy Advisory Board for 10 years. Additionally, Kurt was a member of American Legion Post 283 Pacific Palisades. He served on the Palisades Park Advisory Board, and on his 80th birthday his family donated $20,000 in matching funds to build a Veteran’s Garden at the Recreation Center in Pacific Palisades. Kurt believed that the residents of Pacific Palisades should continue working together to maintain the beauty of Pacific Palisades here in Los Angeles. May Kurt’s memory be a blessing to us all. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 9, 2018 Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 94; NAY on Roll Call No. 95; NAY on Roll Call No. 96; YEA on Roll Call No. 98; and NAY on Roll Call No. 99. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 9, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Robin Lantz in celebration of her 50 years in service for the State of California. Ms. Lantz was born in Marion, Ohio. She grew up in a military family and spent her childhood in many places throughout the United States before settling in California. Robin graduated from Hayward High School and went on to earn an Associate of Arts degree from Stockton Junior College. She attended the University of the Pacific on an acapella scholarship and was a member of that institution’s touring choir. Ms. Lantz began her career serving California at the Department of Motor Vehicles. In the 1980s, she worked for the San Joaquin Women’s Auxiliary Police—Badge #275–typing booking sheets for the jail. As part of her training, she walked through tear gas and had mace placed under her eyes. To this day, Ms. Lantz loves the sound of a police scanner and listens to one all the time. Currently, Ms. Lantz is a Correctional Case Records Supervisor in Forensic Service at Napa State Hospital, a position she has held for the past 37 years. Through her many years of service, Ms. Lantz has developed an astounding familiarity with the California Penal Code. Her encyclopedic knowledge of California’s criminal statutes is so great that Superior Court judges have been known to ask her sentencing questions. In addition, Ms. Lantz has honored our men and women in uniform with her volunteer work. She and her late husband, Dave Lantz, helped stage an annual encampment centered on service and military vehicles, complete with a parade. Ms. Lantz also volunteered to work at international airshows. Mr. Speaker, Robin Lantz is truly dedicated to serving our State and our country. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor her here today. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 9, 2018 Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the work being done at home in my community by my friend Sunayana Dumala. Sunayana is the widow of Srinivas Kutchibotla, the Indian immigrant worker who was tragically murdered in a hate crime in Olathe last year. Understandably, Sunayana questioned her existence here in the United States following the loss of her husband—asking ‘‘do I really belong here?’’ The man that took her husband was pure evil. He did not represent what is right and true about Kansas or America. But our community stepped up to answer her call loudly and clearly that she does belong. We responded with love. And that love has given Sunayana a renewed purpose and a mission. She’s spreading that love and acceptance with her newly formed organization called Forever Welcome—sharing the stories of immigrants like herself who are here in America trying to build a better life. This Friday she’s hosting a Peace Walk to honor her late husband and spread her message. Mr. Speaker, I call upon all of us in this body to join in her mission of love. 
CONGRATULATING MADISON FLEMING ON BEING NAMED 2018 NATIONAL AMBASSADOR OF HYDROCEPHALUS AWARENESS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 9, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Madison Fleming as the 2018 National Ambassador of Hydrocephalus Awareness. Madison was diagnosed with Hydrocephalus, an incurable brain condition affecting one in every 500 newborns, only three weeks after she was born. As a result of her condition, Madison bravely endured multiple emergency brain surgeries, as well as eye surgeries, migraines, learning disabilities, and years of physical therapy. Madison courageously fought through these obstacles, and did not let them stop her from leading a successful life. Madison has competed in cross country, horseback riding, ice hockey, and lacrosse, which is a testament to her determination. She is also committed to her studies, and will be graduating high school a year early and will attend SUNY Jefferson in the fall of 2018. Madison aspires to become a Registered Nurse and dedicate her life to helping others. She is truly an inspiration. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I would like to recognize the fantastic example that Madison sets as the 2018 National Ambassador of Hydrocephalus Awareness. I am so proud of all Madison has achieved, and have no doubt that she will continue to accomplish great things in the years ahead. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 9, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a member of the Congressional Hockey Caucus, and as an avid fan of the game, to recognize hockey’s Declaration of Principles. Those who love hockey know that it requires teamwork and perseverance, instills integrity and a sense of humility, strengthens character and brings communities together. On September 6th, 2017, the National Hockey League and the National Hockey League Players’ Association issued a joint statement signaling the end to a twoyear discussion between seventeen major worldwide hockey organizations including: American Collegiate Hockey Association (ACHA); American Hockey League (AHL); Canadian Hockey League (CHL); Canadian Junior Hockey League (CJHL); Canadian Women’s Hockey League (CWHL); College Hockey Inc.; ECHL; Hockey Canada; International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF); National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA); National Women’s Hockey League (NWHL); North American Hockey League (NAHL); U SPORTS; United States Hockey League (USHL); and USA Hockey. As part of the group’s reaffirmation to the game, these seventeen hockey organizations have collectively issued a set of eight key principles—the Declaration of Principles—aimed at rededicating the game at every level to the group’s core values and beliefs. The Principles are meant to serve as an internal compass to help guide decisions and shift behaviors of hockey organizations, as well as players, parents, coaches, fans, partners and all those who represent and care for the sport of hockey. These Principles are: 1. Hockey should be an enjoyable family experience; all stakeholders—organizations, players, parents, siblings, coaches, referees, volunteers and rink operators—play a role in this effort. 2. Hockey’s greatest value is the role it plays in the development of character and life skills. 
3. All hockey organizations—regardless of size or level of competition—bring value to players and families in their ability to deliver a positive family experience. 4. Physical activity is important for a healthy body, mind and spirit. 5. There are significant benefits of youth participation in multiple sports. 6. Hockey programs should be ageappropriate for all players, accounting for each individual’s physical, emotional and cognitive development. 7. There is great value in all forms of hockey, both on and off the ice. 8. All hockey programs should provide a safe, positive and inclusive environment for players and families regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, disability, sexual orientation and socioeconomic status. Simply put, hockey is for everyone. This set of principles serve as a powerful platform for participants to build character, foster positive values and develop important life skills that transcend the game. Moving forward, the adoption of this declaration of principles will advance policies, programs and initiatives, while inspiring fans, players and communities to create the best possible experience for the entire hockey community. It is my distinct honor to recognize hockey’s Declaration of Principles, and thank the National Hockey League, National Hockey League Players’ Association, and all groups involved in this declaration for their continued dedication to the improvement of Hockey, and by extension the lives of millions of Americans who watch, play, and love the sport. 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FORMER TUPELO MAYOR EDWIN CLYDE NEELLY III 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 9, 2018 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of former Tupelo Mayor Edwin Clyde Neelly, III, who died on February 21, 2018. Mr. Neelly strived to excel in every pursuit, from his distinguished military service to a long and successful career in banking. He would also add public service to his list of accomplishments. Mr. Neelly, a native of Greenwood, Mississippi, was born on October 2, 1939. His childhood was spent in Grenada, where his father, Edwin Clyde Neelly, Jr. operated a business and served as the mayor of Grenada from 1936 until 1940. Upon graduation from Randle High School, Mr. Neelly attended the University of Mississippi, where he earned a bachelor’s degree in marketing. Mr. Neelly earned a master’s degree in banking from Louisiana State University and he was a graduate of the Harvard Business School’s Finance for Senior Executives program. Mr. Neelly entered military service, joining a long line of family members who have served our nation. His predecessors served in the Indian War under George Washington, the American Revolution, the War of 1812, the Mexican War, the Civil War, the Spanish American War, World War I, World War II, and Korea. Mr. Neelly served eight years in the Mississippi Army National Guard and the United States Air Force Reserve. He was on active duty in the U.S. Air Force during the Vietnam war. Mr. Neelly pursued a career in the field of commercial banking for 44 years. In Grenada, he began his career in banking as a management trainee and worked his way up to bank president. In 1980, his family moved to Tupelo, Mississippi, where he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Peoples Bank and Trust Company. Following a brief retirement, Mr. Neelly returned to the banking business as President of the First American National Bank. In 2000, Mr. Neelly’s desire to serve the citizens of Tupelo led him to run for a councilmanatlarge seat on the Tupelo City Council. Then, he served as mayor of Tupelo from 2005 until 2009. His also served as chairman of the Community Development Foundation and the United Way of Northeast Mississippi. Mr. Neelly was a member of the Salvation Army Advisory Board and the 4–H Advisory Board. For eight years, he served on the board of directors for the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. Additionally, Mr. Neelly served as an elder of the First Presbyterian Church in Tupelo. Claudia Neelly, Mr. Neelly’s wife, said they had a happy life together. ‘‘Ed was wonderful to his family,’’ Mrs. Neelly said. ‘‘He was also wonderful to everyone he met. He always wanted to help others.’’ Ed Neelly, IV, Mr. Neelly’s son, said he had a special relationship with his father. ‘‘My father and I shared a lot of experiences together,’’ Ed said. ‘‘He was my best friend.’’ Mr. Neelly’s funeral was held on February 24, 2018, at the First Presbyterian Church in Tupelo. He was laid to rest at Woodlawn Cemetery in Grenada, Mississippi. Mr. Neelly is survived by his wife, Claudia; son, Ed Neelly, IV; his daughterinlaw, Leigh Carol Neelly; daughter, Perry Erickson; and his brothers, Dick Neelly and Mike Neelly. He was preceded in death by his parents, Edwin Clyde Neelly, Jr. and Margaret Crenshaw Neelly; and son, Tucker McGowan Neelly. Mr. Neelly’s many contributions stand testament to what can be achieved through hard work and the desire to serve others. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 9, 2018 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of Ms. Teresa Bird— a beloved mother, grandmother, and Los Angeles activist—who passed away on January 16, 2018 at the age of 86. Teresa was born in Los Angeles on September 19, 1931. She married her late husband, Richard G. Bird, on September 2, 1950 and together they moved to the city of Torrance in the South Bay region of Los Angeles County. Teresa was a loving mother who volunteered at her children’s schools and became the President of her local ParentTeacher Association. Teresa, who was a young mother, was inspired to do more in her community when she heard that then Senator John F. Kennedy was going to run for President. Teresa recounted that Senator Kennedy, ‘‘turned her on to getting really involved and doing something good for the country.’’ Inspired by the 1960 election, Teresa went on to volunteer for the presidential campaigns of Senators John Glenn and Gary Hart, President Bill Clinton, and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. In addition to volunteering for national campaigns, Teresa spent eight years as manager of Governor Jerry Brown’s Los Angeles office during his first term and thirteen years working in the district office of the late California state Senator Ralph Dills. Through her continued activism, Teresa became a founding member of the South Bay Democratic Club. Teresa’s activism in her community continued unabated outside of her professional career. She organized grape boycotts to call attention to the plight of farmworkers and lobbied local governments in support of expanded civil rights; she led voterregistration drives and marched to protest the Vietnam war. Teresa’s prodigious community involvement led to the California State Senate naming her 2007 Woman of the Year for the 28th Senate District. Teresa is survived by her three children, Elaine Bird Jones, Lisa Marcum, and David Bird as well as her grandchildren Jarrod Fletcher, Stephanie Robinson, Sean, Justin and Lucas Marcum and her greatgranddaughters Chloe Robinson and Evie Fletcher whom I hope take comfort in the way Teresa lived her life as a patriotic, selfless and caring citizen. Teresa described the life she led as wonderful due to those whom she cared for most, her family and friends. May her memory be a blessing to us all. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 9, 2018 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, compassion, goodwill, and the strong desire to help others in need are all characteristics embodied by my constituents, Brent Berry and his family, of Harrisonburg, Virginia. I am honored to represent the Sixth Congressional District in the House of Representatives, home to kindhearted and caring Virginians like the Berry family. This March marks the 10th annual Brent Berry Food Drive. For a decade, Brent has worked countless hours, often in below freezing temperatures, collecting food for local families in his hometown of Harrisonburg. The food drive benefits the Salvation Army, collecting most of the food the organization needs to feed over 300 families per month. In 2017, the Brent Berry Food Drive collected nearly 11,000 food items. Brent’s strong desire to serve the community is remarkable, and he’s a familiar face around Harrisonburg. You’ll find him outside of grocery stores, shopping centers, and on local university campuses. Brent has also recruited the help of the local fire, police, and sheriff’s departments to assist in collecting donations. I’ve participated in the food drive several times myself, and I am often amazed by the support it receives from friends and neighbors. And what’s most touching is that Brent’s partner in service is his father, Bucky, who 
once relied on the services from the Salvation Army himself. He recalls living in a shack as a 5yearold boy, his family not having enough to eat. The same organization that his son now passionately volunteers for provided young Bucky and his family with meals and even presents at Christmas. Brent’s passion for service and selfless nature are unmatched. So much so, that in February of this year, he was presented with a key to the City of Harrisonburg by the City Council. This is a welldeserved honor. It is hardworking and dedicated volunteers like Brent Berry who make real differences in our communities. I thank Brent, his father Bucky, and his team of volunteers who make the good work of the Salvation Army in Harrisonburg possible. I wish Brent continued success as he works to positively impact the lives of many Virginia families and ensure no family in Harrisonburg goes hungry. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 9, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Cathy Ivers upon the occasion of her retirement from the Shell Martinez Refinery. Ms. Ivers was born in Galesburg, Illinois and grew up in Anoka, Minnesota and Pleasant Hill, California. She graduated from Pleasant Hill High School and moved to Martinez. She attended classes in Environmental Studies and Geology at Diablo Valley College and California State University East Bay. Ms. Ivers began her association with Shell on their Community Advisory Panel, where she worked to ensure balance between the needs of the company and the values of her community. She later joined Shell as the Shell Community Liaison and was the epitome of ‘‘bringing the outside in.’’ During her tenure she played a valuable role in helping Shell better understand the community. Some of the programs she helped launch include Community Appreciation Days and neighborhood ice cream socials. One of the personal highlights of Ms. Ivers’ career at Shell, and an important contribution to the community, was her work on the Save Mount Diablo Beacon Restoration Project in 2013, which restored the Beacon at the peak of Mount Diablo. Ms. Ivers also led Shell’s efforts to refurbish historic buildings, developed many valuable environmental partnerships and was a key supporter in the development of two important programs—Shell’s 5k Run for Education and the Shell essay contest. Through these efforts and many more, Ms. Ivers played an integral role in building an exceptional community and social performance program. Ms. Ivers has been committed to Martinez since she moved here over 30 years ago. She has served in multiple leadership roles at many organizations. She is currently a Board Member of the Martinez Historical Society, the Martinez Community Foundation and the John Muir Association. Additionally, she is the only Martinez Kiwanian to have served two consecutive terms as President. Mr. Speaker, Ms. Ivers is the kind of citizen we should all strive to be. She seamlessly blended her professional and personal passions, leaving a legacy of community collaboration. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor Cathy Ivers here today. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 9, 2018 Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 100 and NAY on Roll Call No. 101. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 4 p.m., on Monday, March 12, 2018. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 10 public bills, H.R. 5237–5246; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 769 770 were introduced.
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H.R. 4061, to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to improve the transparency of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, to improve the SIFI designation process, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–592).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Upton to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Dan C. Cummins, Peoples Church, Jacksonville, TX.
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10:30 a.m. and adjourned at 10:33 a.m. Committee Meetings 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: busi ness meeting to consider the nominations of John F. Ring, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board, Frank T. Brogan, of Pennsylvania, to be Assistant Secretary for Elementary and Secondary Education, and Mark Schneider, of the District of Columbia, to be Director of the Institute of Education Science, both of the Department of Education, Marco M. Rajkovich, Jr., of Kentucky, to be a Member of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission, and other pending nominations, 5:45 p.m., S–216, Capitol. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 4 p.m., Monday, March 12 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of S. 2155, Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on McConnell (for Crapo) Modified Amendment No. 2151, at 5:30 p.m. The filing deadline for firstdegree amendments is at 4:30 p.m., and the filing deadline for seconddegree amendments is at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12:00 p.m., Tuesday, March 13 
HOUSE Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E289 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E289 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E289 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E292 Katko, John, N.Y., E290, E291 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E290, E292 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E290, E292 Polis, Jared, Colo., E291, E293 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E290, E291 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E289, E291, E293 Yoder, Kevin, Kans., E291 