Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. KUSTOFF ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, prescription drug prices are skyrocketing. Every day, constituents tell me about outrageous prices they are forced to pay for medications just to stay healthy. Janice from Albany, in my district, wrote me last year about a drug she takes to manage her mental illness. Her monthly cost went from $9 to $342. Irene from Hagaman has said her monthly prescriptions have jumped from $35 to $250. Regina from Rexford saw the monthly cost of her rheumatoid arthritis medicine jump from $2,800 to $3,700 in just one year. That is a bad deal. Every Member of this body has heard these stories. Despite these cries for help from our constituents, Congress has failed to act. President Trump made lowering prescription drug prices a centerpiece of his campaign. What has he done about it? America leads the world in developing new and innovative lifesaving cures, something we should be proud to continue; but many of our own citizens don’t have real access to those innovative treatments. That is a bad deal. Drug pricing is complex, but in the richest Nation on Earth, no one should have to go bankrupt to obtain lifesaving medicine. We have to do better. 
We need greater transparency, more aggressive negotiation, no more pay fordelay on generic drugs, and more. Democrats have a better deal to offer the American people. 
IN MEMORY OF PETER HUIZENGA (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration and commemoration of the life of Peter Huizenga from Oak Brook, Illinois, who passed away last Wednesday at the age of 79. A businessman, entrepreneur, and philanthropist, Peter Huizenga is best known for building Waste Management, Inc., into the largest waste disposal company in the world with his cousin Wayne. Upon immigrating to the United States in the 1800s, his Dutch ancestors saw a need for sanitation services in their community west of Chicago. Their humble family garbage collection business would become a Fortune 500 company under Peter’s management, employing 75,000 workers worldwide. However, Peter once said: My goal is not to make money but to make a better world. Following the sale of the company, Peter devoted his life to philanthropic work in the community through organizations such as Big Shoulders Fund; his alma mater, Timothy Christian School; and many more. His family was always his first priority, and he will be greatly missed by his wife, Heidi; his 4 children; and his 10 grandchildren. All of Illinois will miss him. 
HONORING MIGNON CLYBURN (Mr. MCNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor and thank Federal Communications Commissioner Mignon Clyburn for her 9 years of service at the Federal Communications Commission. During her tenure, she fought tirelessly for consumers. She has been a staunch defender of the public interest and a critical voice in the fight for a free and open Internet. Over the last year, thousands of constituents reached out to me expressing their concerns about rolling back net neutrality provisions. When Chairman Pai denied my request to appear at the Commission’s open meeting during which they would be voting to eliminate net neutrality, Commissioner Clyburn offered to submit my written statement for the record so my constituents’ voices would be heard. Additionally, she came to my district to hear firsthand from my constituents about net neutrality. I am also grateful for her work to protect the Lifeline program. Over 56,000 households in my district rely on this crucial program. Connectivity is a gateway for economic opportunity. It is an equalizer. And Commissioner Clyburn’s leadership has been vital. Thank you, Commissioner Clyburn, for your incredible work and public service. f 
THE PENSION CRISIS (Mrs. DINGELL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss the pension crisis facing American workers and businesses across the country and the urgent need for Congress to act. Men and women in my home State of Michigan and across the country worked a lifetime to retire with the dignity and security promised by their pensions. They earned their retirement with blood, sweat, tears, and many sacrifices along the way. They played by the rules, they put money into their pension, and now they are scared to death about how and what they will live on. They are worried about whether they will have a safe and secure retirement. A few months ago, we created the Joint Select Committee on the Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans with the goal of coming up with a bipartisan solution to the pension crisis by year’s end. This is an urgent task because, if we do not act this year, the major multiemployer plans will start going under, and it could drag the entire economy down with it. Not only would we face staggering benefit cuts for retirees, but it will mean less money flowing in local economies and more people relying on the social safety net for support. It could be the perfect storm. 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 3053. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 879 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 3053. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b0910 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 3053) to amend the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, and for other purposes, with Mr. ROTHFUS in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I am going to have a lot of people wanting to come to the floor, so I will abbreviate my opening remarks and just address a few questions that are going to be raised. First, I just want to highlight the fact that you are going to hear a lot about local, consensusbased decisionmaking, and then you are also going to hear about closeness of proximity. This chart kind of highlights what we are talking about. The red is Federal Government land. The Federal Government land is larger than 31 countries on the Earth. You have three different sections. You have the national test and training range. You have the national security site. You have also some Fish and Wildlife/ Interior land, bigger than many of our States in our Union. So, to my colleagues, I want to make sure they have in perspective the size of the area that we are talking about: bigger than the State of Connecticut and areas that people are going to talk about. That is one question that will be addressed. Another question will be the fear of tourism, because Las Vegas gets 42 million tourists a year, and they seem to be concerned that this might affect that industry. And then it dawned on me that the city of Chicago gets 55 million tourists a year—55 million—and they have over 10,000 metric tons of spent nuclear fuel in Chicagoland. So I want to make sure that my friends in Nevada understand that that should not be a terrible concern when Chicago seems to be doing well with tourism on that issue. Also, there will be a debate about transportation. I just want to call attention, Mr. Chairman, through you to my colleagues that we operate a nuclear Navy. That nuclear Navy has to have the power systems refueled. That means new nuclear fuel goes there. That means spent nuclear fuel goes off the nuclear Navy ships. That is on the ocean. That is either on the Atlantic Ocean or on the Pacific Ocean. This spent fuel goes to Idaho, which means that we transport, safely, spent nuclear fuel, and we have done it for decades. Those are the three main contentions you will hear with this bill. I am going to allow my colleagues to talk about all the great benefits of this bill. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, October 6, 2017. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN BISHOP : On June 28, 2017, the Committee on Energy and Commerce ordered favorably reported H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017. This bill was additionally referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. I ask that the Committee on Natural Resources not insist on its referral of the bill so that H.R. 3053 may be scheduled for consideration by the Majority Leader. This concession in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Natural Resources represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and your response in the bill report and in the Congressional Record. Thank you for your consideration of my request and for the extraordinary cooperation shown by you and your staff over matters of shared jurisdiction. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, GREGWALDEN , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, October 6, 2017. Hon. GREGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter concerning H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017, which was additionally referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. In the interest of permitting you to proceed expeditiously to floor consideration, I will allow the Committee on Natural Resources to be discharged from further consideration of the bill. I do so with the understanding that the Committee does not waive any jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in the bill that fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I also request that you support my request to name members of the Committee on Natural Resources to any conference committee to consider such provisions. Finally, please include this letter in the report on the bill and into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you again for the very cooperative spirit in which you and your staff have worked regarding many issues of shared interest over the Congress. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, October 13, 2017. Hon. WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : Thank you for your letter concerning H.R. 3053, Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017, which was additionally referred to the Committee on Armed Services. I appreciate your willingness to waive your committee’s further consideration of H.R. 3053, and I agree that by waiving consideration of the bill, the Committee on Armed Services does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the legislation which fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I will urge the Speaker to name members of your committee to any conference committee which is named to consider such provisions. In addition, I agree that the DOE Record of Decision concerning rail corridor siting will not impinge on the activities of the Department of Defense and Department of Energy at the Nevada Nuclear Security Site and the Nevada Test and Training Range. Finally, I will place a copy of your letter and this response into the committee report on H.R. 3053 and into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Sincerely, GREGWALDEN , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, October 13, 2017. Hon. GREGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to you concerning H.R. 3053, the ‘‘Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017.’’ There are certain provisions in the bill which fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Armed Services. In the interest of permitting your committee to proceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this important legislation, I am willing to waive this committee’s further consideration of H.R. 3053. I do so with the understanding that by waiving consideration of the bill, the Committee on Armed Services does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the legislation which fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I request that you urge the Speaker to name members of this committee to any conference committee which is named to consider such provisions. The decision to waive this committee’s consideration is also based, in part, on an agreement with the Committee on Energy and Commerce that the DOE Record of Decision concerning rail corridor siting will not impinge on the activities of the Department of Defense and Department of Energy at the Nevada Nuclear Security Site and the Nevada Test and Training Range. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest, and our mutual understanding that a rail siting will not impede DoD and DoE sites, into the committee report on H.R. 3053 and into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have worked regarding this matter and others between our respective committees. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act. First, let me recognize the hard work done by Mr. SHIMKUS on this bill. He has been tireless in this effort. And to his and his staff’s credit, he has worked with us to make what I believe are a number of improvements to the given bill. Regardless of your position on nuclear energy, we have to acknowledge the reality that tens of thousands of tons of waste already exist. This is a problem for over 120 host communities across our country, and it will not be solved by continuing to ignore it. b0915 But even if you do not represent one of those communities, all of our constituents are paying for this waste. Decades ago, the Federal Government entered into agreements to remove it from nuclear plants. Deadlines have been missed, and now all taxpayers have a legal liability of over $34 billion, which is being paid from the Treasury’s Judgment Fund. In my view, the most important thing this bill does is set up a path forward on interim storage, which will allow spent nuclear fuel to be stored in a consolidated location on a temporary basis while a permanent repository is pursued. The bill includes language based upon a proposal developed by our colleague, DORIS MATSUI , to allow the Secretary of Energy to enter into an agreement to establish an interim storage pilot program, which can move forward directly after enactment. Consolidating waste at a small number of sites instead of 121 communities across our country will help ensure waste is managed more safely and securely while allowing those 121 sites to begin to be redeveloped for other purposes. I know a number of our colleagues have concerns with this bill, and I understand their position. And many Members that support this bill, including myself, have not passed judgment on the merits or final disposition of the Yucca Mountain project. That is why Members of the minority demanded a number of troubling Nevadarelated provisions be removed from the bill during the committee process. This bill will not rubberstamp the Yucca permitting application. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission will still need to adjudicate the many remaining issues with the application, and it will need appropriations in order to do so. I know we will hear about the challenges of transporting spent fuel to a final repository, but the reality is nuclear material is already moved around our country today without incident due to strict safety requirements. The only alternative to not moving this waste is keeping it spread out in 121 locations for tens of thousands of years. Overall, this bill is a step in the right direction toward beginning to address our Nation’s very difficult nuclear waste issues, which is why it was reported out of committee by a vote of 49–4. I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN), the chairman of the full Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I want to thank the chairman on the Subcommittee on Environment, Mr. SHIMKUS , whose, I think, life’s work is on the floor today in many respects. Nobody has been more tenacious in this effort to get permanent, 
safe, and secure nuclear waste storage for America than JOHNSHIMKUS , and so I thank Mr. SHIMKUS for his good work there. The bill we are considering today reinforces the promise that the United States Congress, on behalf of the Federal Government, made to our constituents a generation ago. Today, we are keeping that promise. We will accept responsibility for and properly dispose of radioactive waste. This is long overdue. Americans across the country, from Maine to southern California, from Florida to the Pacific Northwest, are watching today, and they are expecting us to act. The Department of Energy’s Hanford site is just up the mighty Columbia River from where I live and where I grew up. That area and those workers helped us win World War II, and the site’s nuclear program was instrumental in projecting peace through strength throughout the Cold War. While the community has been a constructive partner in support of our vital national security missions, it did not agree to serve as a perpetual storage site for the resulting nuclear waste. Fiftysix million gallons of toxic waste sitting in decadesold metal tanks at Hanford—these are those tanks that were being constructed to hold this waste. They are now buried in the ground. The only entry point is right here. The amount of waste stored at Hanford would fill this entire House Chamber 20 times over. According to a recent Government Accountability Office report, the oldest of these tanks, some of which date back to the 1940s, have singlelayer walls or shells. They were built to last 20 years. They will be almost 100 years old by the estimated end of their waste treatment. The Department of Energy has reported that 67 of these tanks are assumed or known to have leaked waste into the soil. There is an understandable sense of urgency in the Northwest behind the cleanup efforts that are under way at Hanford. H.R. 3053 will provide the pathway to clean up the contaminated Hanford site. You see, the waste from Hanford will end up in a secure permanent storage site that we believe will be Yucca Mountain. These tanks will be drained and cleaned out, the waste classified and put away. This bill keeps our commitment to energy consumers, too, who are legally bound to pay for a nuclear waste management program. These consumers in 34 States, including Oregon, have paid the Federal Government in excess of $40 billion. Even after the last administration stalled the project, ratepayers continued to hand over nearly $800 million annually to develop the repository, until finally the courts stepped in and directed the fee collection be halted because no repository was being constructed. That money was paid to the U.S. Treasury for a specific purpose. We have a legal and moral obligation to advance the program for which ratepayers paid. Now, my friends in Nevada should have confidence the Yucca Mountain repository will protect public health and the environment. The completion of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission’s impartial safety review will answer the many questions raised by the State of Nevada and provide an independent determination if the site meets the required 1millionyear environmental protection standard. That is right, 1 million years. Consolidating the Nation’s nuclear material for disposal is better for the environment than the status quo, where these materials sit around in 121 communities in 39 States, or tanks like this. The legislation authorizes the Department of Energy to contract with private companies to store nuclear waste while DOE finishes the rigorous scientific analysis of the repository design and the associated Nuclear Regulatory Commission licensing process. An interim storage facility can bring added flexibility to DOE’s disposal program and may provide a more expeditious nearterm pathway to consolidate spent nuclear fuel. The longer the government delays, the greater the potential consequences. The legal cost of inaction, a bill paid by every American taxpayer, is staggering. Today, taxpayers pay an average of $2 million every day—every day—in legal claims because we as a government have not done what was promised decades ago. We are doing that today with this legislation. Cumulatively, we are on the hook for nearly $134 billion. That increases every day we delay action. Instead of contributing to an escalating national debt, this money could be better spent to support our men and women in uniform, deal with the opioid crisis, or a whole myriad of other things. By acting today, we will eventually turn off that penalty phase and start the productive phase. At the end of the day, this bipartisan legislation is good for our communities around the country and their safety. It is good for consumers and fiscal sanity. It is good for the environment for secure storage. It is good for taxpayers, and it is good for national security as well. So I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who have put so much work into this—Mr. TONKO and certainly Mr. SHIMKUS . I urge all our colleagues to support H.R. 3053. Let’s put an end to these tanks before they put an end to us. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ), our outstanding ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank our ranking member, Mr. TONKO . I rise in support of H.R. 3053. Congress first passed the Nuclear Waste Policy Act back in 1982, but more than 35 years later, we still do not have a national solution to address the safe storage of spent nuclear fuel. Instead, it continues to sit on site at our Nation’s nuclear power plants. This becomes a concern as more and more nuclear power reactors are scheduled to shut down in the coming years, including the Oyster Creek Nuclear Generating Station in New Jersey. As these reactors shut down, the surrounding communities are realizing that the nuclear waste currently stored at these sites will be there indefinitely when the plant closes, absent a workable national solution. This situation underscores the need for interim storage solutions to bridge the gap until a permanent repository is licensed and constructed. The bill before us today is a bipartisan compromise that was reported out of the Energy and Commerce Committee by a vote of 49–4. Democrats on the committee, especially Representative MATSUI , worked with Mr. T ONKO to craft a bipartisan compromise that establishes an interim storage pilot program, which will allow for consolidated temporary storage of spent nuclear fuel, with priority given to waste currently stored at decommissioned nuclear power plants. This will allow us to consolidate waste at a single site instead of 121 sites in communities around the country. One consolidated site will help ensure it is managed more safely and securely, while allowing communities with decommissioned plants to begin working towards redeveloping those sites. Now, some of the opponents of this bill have focused on claims that spent nuclear fuel could be transported through many congressional districts across the country, and that is true. Spent nuclear fuel will ultimately need to be transported from power plants to an interim storage facility or repository. But moving nuclear material by rail and truck has occurred frequently for decades, and the NRC notes that thousands of shipments have occurred over decades without incident. So regardless of your position on the Yucca Mountain project—I know people feel strongly on both sides of that, but regardless, spent nuclear fuel will need to be transported somewhere in the U.S. unless all of the spent fuel is to be left at the site of a nuclear power plant that may no longer even produce power. Mr. Chairman, this bill is a balanced bill that I support, just as it is also supported by the AFL–CIO, the IBEW, and the other building trades. It will begin the process of moving waste out of communities, particularly those home to a shut down nuclear power plant. It will also help fulfill the commitment to taxpayers who have paid more than $50 billion dollars into the nuclear waste program. So I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill. I thank both Mr. SHIMKUS , the 
main sponsor who worked so hard; obviously, Mr. TONKO ; Ms. M ATSUI ; and, of course, the chairman of our committee, Mr. WALDEN , as well. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ), the former chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I particularly commend JOHN SHIMKUS , the chairman of the subcommittee, who helped shepherd this bill through; Chairman WALDEN ; Ranking Member PALLONE and others; Mr. T ONKO . It is truly a bipartisan work of art; 49–4 is what this bill passed in our committee. I can remember way back when when President Reagan was in office and signing the Nuclear Waste Policy Act in the Rose Garden. He said: We are going to keep our promise. The Federal Government is going to take care of nuclear waste. That is going to happen. Well, here we are now nearly 50 years later. I can remember the UptonTowns bill back in the 1990s, a bill that did very much along the lines of what this bill does. We came within just a vote or two of having it overridden by the U.S. Senate, stopping it in its tracks. So, decades later, here we are again. In my district, we have two nuclear plants. Both of them have run out of room in their storage, so they have dry casks that are literally a JOHNSHIMKUS  baseball throw away from Lake Michigan. Every one of these 100some sites across the country is in an environmentally sensitive area, and at some point they are going to run out of room. In Michigan, we have got two other sites that also have dry casks in addition to the two in my district. So we spent nearly $40 billion. Enough time has gone by. We need to deal with this. And for those who are against this bill, your alternative is just keeping it there—just keeping it in California, just keeping it on that pristine river, just keep it on the Great Lakes for however long. That is not the answer. This bill is. Because it is bipartisan, I am confident that not only will we have the votes to get this thing through today, but we are going to get it ultimately to the President. So, again, I want to thank our leadership on both sides of the aisle for getting this thing done. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ). Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 3053. I thank Ranking Member TONKO and Chairman SHIMKUS for their hard work on this very difficult subject. This is a bipartisan bill that seeks a solution on how to remove and dispose of spent nuclear fuel and highlevel radioactive waste. This bill recognizes the need to consolidate interim storage in an integral waste management program. b0930 H.R. 3053 authorizes the Department of Energy to either develop its own consolidated interim storage facility or contract with private entities for such development. The bill also authorizes the development of one pilot CIS facility that is not linked to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission’s decision on the Yucca Mountain license application, and provides a solution for nuclear waste stranded at sites without an operating reactor. This bill will help us create a path toward permanent storage, while also being inclusive and transparent about the process. One of the key additions to this bill is that it will reestablish the Office of Civilian Radioactive Waste Management. It also increases assistance to States and tribes for transportation safety, which is important when transporting radioactive materials. Mr. Chairman, we cannot continue to put our heads in the sand about nuclear waste. There are about 120 sites across the country that store nuclear waste on a socalled temporary basis. With this situation, a serious accident is virtually inevitable. Nuclear waste can be transported and stored safely for the generations needed. This is really an engineering problem, and America has some of the best engineers in the world. We can do this. H.R. 3053 is an important step toward safe storage, and I urge my colleagues to support this wellcrafted legislation. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of Chairman SHIMKUS ’ bill, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018. This legislation is important not only because of what it means to the future of clean energy opportunities for this country, but also what this means for our communities. Nuclear energy has become a safe and effective way to generate energy, all while not producing greenhouse gas emissions. The Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act would finally put in place a permanent repository for the waste generated by nuclear energy production that powers millions of homes and businesses across the country. We began this process nearly 30 years ago, and today we move it forward. My good friend’s legislation authorizes the disposal of spent nuclear fuel in a safe, permanent place. Right now, spent fuel is sitting on nuclear energy sites around the country, leaving our communities open to larger vulnerabilities and possible attacks or accidents. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act, and I thank the gentleman for his leadership. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ). Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act. Finding a way forward on the future of our Nation’s nuclear waste storage is no easy task. But I believe we have arrived at a bipartisan agreement on nuclear waste storage that we need to advance today to address this issue. I would first like to thank Chairman WALDEN and Ranking Member P ALLONE , and Chairman S HIMKUS and Ranking Member TONKO for their outstanding leadership, and thank all of my colleagues who worked on this in committee because it wasn’t easy, but we worked together in a bipartisan way. This bill will authorize the Department of Energy to establish and maintain interim storage facilities to hold nuclear waste until there is a clear decision on the national repository. Also, included in this bill is an amendment I offered at the full committee with my good friend, FRED UPTON . This important amendment expresses the sense of the Congress that the governments of the United States and Canada should not allow permanent or longterm storage of spent nuclear fuel or other radioactive waste near the Great Lakes. Mr. UPTON and I were proud to get this amendment included on behalf of every Member of the Great Lakes region. The Great Lakes account for 20 percent of the world’s fresh water supply, and it is absolutely critical for millions of Americans who rely on them for drinking water, jobs, and their way of life. Nearly 1/10th of the U.S. population lives in the Great Lakes Basin, and more than 35 million people, with approximately 24 million of them being Americans, rely on the Great Lakes. This provision reinforces the importance of the healthy Great Lakes Basin, free of nuclear storage. Mr. Chairman, I commend all of my colleagues one more time for their good work in crafting a bipartisan agreement that will ensure nuclear waste is stored at secure storage facilities. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. DUNCAN ). Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman SHIMKUS  for his work on this legislation. I have long been an advocate for nuclear waste policy like this for Yucca Mountain. Since 1982, when the Nuclear Waste Policy Act was created, ratepayers in this Nation have paid, as part of their utility bill, over $40 billion. In South Carolina, that means ratepayers have paid $1.3 billion for the construction and operation of what we now know as Yucca Mountain. Currently, in South Carolina, there are over 4,500 tons of spent nuclear fuel in temporary storage from commercial reactors. At the Savannah River Site, we have both research and military nuclear waste sitting in vitrified glass ready to go to a longterm repository. 
The law of the land, passed in 1992, is for Yucca Mountain to be a longterm repository for this Nation’s waste. It is time to move forward and give the ratepayers—not the taxpayers, but the ratepayers—what they paid for, and this legislation moves in the right direction. Mr. Chairman, I look forward to my colleagues supporting this bipartisan legislation. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MATSUI ). Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. TONKO for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act. In Sacramento, our publicly owned utility stores spent nuclear fuel at the Rancho Seco Nuclear Generating Station, despite the fact that the plant has been decommissioned for many, many years, and that the Federal Government has a responsibility to take the fuel. The continued presence of the spent fuel at Rancho Seco has a direct impact on electricity rates in my district, and prevents the site from being redeveloped. That is why I have continuously been supportive of an interim storage facility for spent fuel. Today, it is the most viable path to consolidate the fuel housed in over 120 communities across the country. For the last two Congresses, I have cosponsored a bipartisan bill to explicitly authorize the Department of Energy to enter into agreements for consolidated interim storage. I believe that a standalone piece of legislation that creates a pathway for interim storage is the commonsense next step in our national nuclear waste management strategy. I was opposed to the initial version of H.R. 3053 that came before the Energy and Commerce Committee last year. It tied Yucca Mountain, which I have major concerns with, to interim storage. Linking these two policies together would effectively maintain the status quo for decommissioned sites across the country, which is unacceptable. That is why I have worked on a bipartisan basis to ensure that the interim storage policy in this bill is decoupled from a permanent repository. After negotiations in committee, the bill we are considering now authorizes the use of one consolidated interim storage site and creates a path to move spent fuel to that site before a final decision is made on a permanent geologic repository. It is critically important that we have further clarified the regulatory pathway for interim storage. For that reason, I will be supporting this bill today, despite some of its provisions that I believe are less than ideal. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleagues for working with me in a collaborative and bipartisan manner to ensure the Federal Government finally takes the spent fuel stranded in so many of our communities nationwide. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ), who is on the committee, and has been doing great work to deal with his constituents. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act. This is an enormous achievement for Chairman SHIMKUS , who has worked so hard, and so long, to make this day a reality. The Nation needs a safe, environmentally conscious plan to dispose of this waste. This plan is bipartisan and sensible. New Jersey is home to four nuclear reactors at three generating stations: Oyster Creek, Hope Creek, and Salem. Oyster Creek will be closing this October. In the congressional district I serve, these plants account for about half of the power generation and 90 percent of the carbonfree electricity. New Jersey’s nuclear plants avoid 14 million tons of carbon emissions each year. The Public Service Enterprise Group, FirstEnergy, and Exelon are doing their part in storing their station’s spent nuclear fuel onsite, but we need a permanent site. The expertise and knowhow of the Federal Government has a responsibility to my constituents and to the American people. I want the 3,000 metric tons of nuclear waste out of New Jersey and consolidated in a national protected facility. New Jersey ratepayers have contributed nearly $2 billion to the Department of Energy’s Nuclear Waste Fund to dispose of nuclear waste at a permanent repository at Yucca Mountain. My constituents should see a return on that investment. New Jersey is one of the top State contributors to this fund. It is time for the government to hold up its end of the bargain and permanently remove this waste from New Jersey and other States. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. BENRAYLUJA´N). Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this bill because I believe that it makes it more likely that a future interim storage site—potentially one in New Mexico— becomes a permanent home for nuclear waste. I know that these are tough issues, and I agree that we have a responsibility to address the waste issues that result from our country entering the atomic age. However, addressing nuclear waste is not our only responsibility. Seventy years ago, rural New Mexico became ground zero for the detonation of the first nuclear bomb. This marked the beginning of sickness and suffering for generations of people who lived and grew up in the Tularosa Basin. ‘‘That atomic bomb,’’ Gloria wrote to me, ‘‘has caused anguish to so many people in New Mexico. . . . The people from New Mexico have suffered physically, mentally, and financially. And we are all here in hope that you will find a way to help us.’’ It has been over 70 years since the Trinity Test. Seventy years, and the Federal Government has done almost nothing to recognize or compensate those impacted by that test. They are not alone. In 1990, Congress passed the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act to begin to right this wrong. However, we have since learned that there are many more individuals who are sick or dying because they worked in the uranium industry, lived near a mining operation, or lived downwind from a test. The Navajo, Hopi, and Yavapai Apache Indian Reservations were particularly affected. That is why I have repeatedly introduced the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act Amendments to compensate those workers. We have had Navajo elders travel out here to Washington, D.C., and ask us in Congress, ‘‘Are you waiting for us all to die to solve this problem?’’ The Rules Committee rejected amendments that I offered. Why in the world is it that the people of New Mexico, where the first bomb went off, are the only ones that are left out of protections? People in Nevada, Colorado, and Utah are included, but New Mexico has been left out. The first place the bomb was tested, these people weren’t given a warning. All they saw was a light flash when they were in their kitchens or outside working. Mr. Chairman, this deserves action, and I hope I can work with my colleagues to get this done. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act. This bill is an opportunity to give the Department of Defense and our Nation’s nuclear plants a proper place to store spent fuel. It also relieves a burden on our nuclear plants, which provide a critical source of resilient baseload power to our electric grid. Furthermore, nuclear plants provide good jobs to communities across the Nation, many of which are in economically distressed areas. Unfortunately, several nuclear power plants are prematurely closing because of government policies. For a long time, I have repeatedly warned the executive branch about the national security risks if too many plants deactivate. I am glad to hear some Members across the aisle are actually acknowledging this problem, at least partially. In April, I met with Beaver Valley Nuclear Power Station workers. I told my constituents that I would do everything I can to protect their jobs and the Nation’s grid, and I meant it. This bill addresses some of the uncertainty and added costs the industry 
faces, and it is one step in helping to secure those jobs and the reliability and resiliency of our electric grid. b0945 Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS). Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, today we must decide if you are going to double down on policies that have been an abject failure for the last three decades or if you will chart a new course that doesn’t repeat the same mistakes of previous Congresses. The first ‘‘Screw Nevada’’ bill was passed in 1982, and since that time, Nevada’s residents, elected officials, business leaders, and health and environmental groups have steadfastly opposed the Yucca Mountain repository. Mr. Chair, I include in the RECORD  letters from over 100 groups in opposition. 
CITY OF LASVEGAS , Las Vegas, NV, May 7, 2018. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. KEVIN MCCARTHY , House Majority Leader, Washington, DC. Hon. STEVE SCALISE , House Majority Whip, Washington, DC. DEARSIRS: In 1987 Congress voted for the Department of Energy (DOE) to build a nuclear waste repository at Yucca Mountain without the support of Nevada. Now, the House of Representatives is planning to consider H.R. 3053, The Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act. I am writing to express my vehement opposition to this legislation. Yucca Mountain would cost U. S. taxpayers billions of dollars and require the dangerous transportation of nuclear waste across every state in the country before it arrives in Nevada, which, by the way, produces no nuclear waste These transports journey through communities in the nation whose infrastructures are wellknown to be rated at the dangerously low, D+ level by highly renowned associations of engineers and scientific professionals. Bridges and tunnels have not been reinforced in decades, railroad tracks are faulty (as we well know!), and roads are beyond needing repair and replacement. No matter the transport vehicle used, the cargo travels on challenged routes which are unknown to the public and at times undeclared! In my tenure as Mayor, every year I have warned my fellow Mayors of the dangers of this transportation, and every year the Mayors across the nation have passed a resolution at their annual U.S. Conference of Mayors meeting requiring that the U.S. Department of Energy instead focus on deactivating and/or repurposing radioactive waste on site. Highpriority research is needed to identify methods for the safe treatment and storage of radioactive waste at origination locations in order to mitigate the health and environmental risks of transporting low, high and mixed level waste to offsite treatment facilities. Even Mayors with nuclear waste on their doorsteps understand the dangers of transporting this waste As Mayor of Las Vegas, I am fortunate to preside over a beautiful city that is home to over 600,000 residents in one of the fastest growing areas in the nation boasting over 2.4 million residents. Additionally, 42 million visitors choose the Las Vegas valley as a destination annually. Yucca Mountain is less than 100 miles away from this gem in the desert. I believe that DOE’s Nuclear Regulatory Commission should be required to have support from state, local and tribal governments before constructing a nuclear waste repository anywhere in the country Therefore, I urge you and your colleagues to vote down H.R. 3053, which rejects science and ignores our steadfast opposition Sincerely, CAROLYN GOODMAN , Mayor. 
LASVEGAS METRO  CHAMBER OF COMMERCE , Las Vegas, NV, May 7, 2018. Re The Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018, H.R. 3053. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. GREGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. FRANK PALLONE , Ranking Member, Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, Washington, DC 20515 DEAR MR. S PEAKER , M ADAM LEADER , CHAIRMAN WALDEN , AND RANKING MEMBER  PALLONE : The Las Vegas Metro Chamber of Commerce/ (‘‘Metro Chamber’’) is Nevada’s largest and most diverse business organization, representing thousands of employers who employ more than 200,000 Southern Nevadans. As the Voice of Business in our state, its mission is to help Nevada businesses succeed and create jobs. This includes protecting our members from initiatives or legislation at all levels of government that could hinder our state’s economy, impede job creation, and hamper development of our local workforce. As such, the Metro Chamber has been actively engaged with Members of Congress, federal government agencies, Nevada’s Constitutional officers, state legislators, local government leaders and entities, trade groups, employers, and residents of the State of Nevada regarding its strong steadfast opposition for more than two decades to the proposed Nuclear Waste Repository Site at Yucca Mountain. The Metro Chamber’s position regarding the proposed Nuclear Waste Repository Site at Yucca Mountain has not changed with the introduction of H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018. The Las Vegas Metro Chamber continues to strongly oppose a Nuclear Waste Repository at Yucca Mountain, as well as the transportation and storage of any nuclear waste in Nevada, because of the potential negative effect it could have on the safety and health of the visitors and residents of Southern Nevada, as well as the chilling longterm effect it could have on the economy. The proposed legislation would allow for the storage of approximately 110,000 metric tons of nuclear waste less than 90 miles from Las Vegas, and is a significant concern to the business community and residents as it could pose a national security and health threat. The close proximity of such a facility to Las Vegas could also damage the tourism based economy of Southern Nevada. In 2017, Southern Nevada hosted approximately 42.2 million visitors, whose direct and indirect economic impact is $58.8 billion. This translates to about a total of 391,000 jobs and $16.4 billion in wages for our region. The reality is that Southern Nevada is the economic engine of the State, and it is incumbent on all stakeholders of our region’s economy and future prospects for growth to protect the wellbeing of all of our residents and visitors. The potential terrorist threats, environmental impacts, and transportation challenges, as well as the safety of storing nuclear waste material, are too great of a risk on our region’s economy. Residents and visitors must feel safe in their communities and the storage of nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain could fundamentally undermine that safety. Unfortunately, the passage of H.R. 3053 may only elevate Las Vegas’ profile for a potential terrorist attack. We cannot risk such a scenario, since any incident with the transport or storage of nuclear waste could have a severe and negative economic impact on Southern Nevada’s economy. The Metro Chamber is also adamantly opposed to the temporary storage of any nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain, which includes reprocessed fuel. The reprocessing of nuclear waste requires large amount of water, which is a concern to businesses, local governments, residents and regional water agencies since the region remains in a severe drought. In addition, Nevada is ranked by the U.S. Geological Survey as the fourth most active seismic area in the United States. The potential for seismic activity in the region raises serious questions about the logic and prudency of storing nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain. Seismic activity in the region is another reason why Yucca Mountain is not a feasible or practical site for the storage of nuclear waste. The storage of nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain should not only be a concern for Southern Nevadans but also for the residents of 329 Congressional Districts in 44 states that nuclear waste shipments must pass through to get to Yucca Mountain. The transport and safety of these shipments need to be part of a national conversation and the potential impacts of any incident during transportation of these casks by rail and truck should not be underestimated. While the people of Southern Nevada have been vigilant about the potential dangers of the transportation of this toxic material, fellow citizens across the country who live in states through which this waste would be transported may not be aware and deserve the opportunity to learn the facts about how this plan would impact their lives and livelihoods. Thank you for allowing the Las Vegas Metro Chamber of Commerce to offer its concerns and strong opposition as associated with the Yucca Mountain Nuclear Waste Repository Site, as proposed by H.R. 3053. Sincerely, MARYBETHSEWALD , President & CEO. MICHAEL BOLOGNINI , Chairman, Board of Trustees. HUGHANDERSON , Chairman, Government Affairs. 
MAY7, 2018. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our millions of members, the undersigned organizations urge you to oppose H.R. 3053, the ‘‘Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017’’ (115th Congress, 1st Session). This bill will put our nation’s nuclear waste storage policy on the wrong track yet again. It ignores environmental concerns, states’ rights and consent to host the waste in the first instance, and attempts to truncate public review in order to force a ‘‘solution’’—either Yucca Mountain or a new consolidated interim storage site—that have both proven to be unworkable. Rather than blindly charge forward at the cost of public safety and public resources, we urge Congress to reject this bill and start the important and necessary work on a comprehensive set of hearings to commence building a publicly accepted, consent based repository program. 
The bill you will vote on retains the flaws contained in its earlier forms. Some of these harms include unwise efforts to recommence the licensing process for proposed repository at Nevada’s Yucca Mountain. This is a project certain to fail the NRC’s licensing process due to the geology and hydrology of the site that make it unsuitable for isolating spent nuclear fuel for the required time. Next, the draft legislation suggests going forward with a consolidated storage proposal before working out the details of a comprehensive legislative path to solve the nuclear waste problem, entirely severing the link between storage and disposal, and thus creating, an overwhelming risk that an interim storage site will determine or function as de facto final resting place for nuclear waste. The draft provides no safety, environmental or public acceptance criteria, only speed of siting and expense. This is precisely the formula that produced the failure of the Yucca Mountain process and made it, as the previous administration noted, ‘‘unworkable.’’ Other provisions conflict with the wellestablished and necessary requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act, 42 U.S.C. 4321, et seq. Doing so exacerbates the public interest community’s (and that of Nevada) objection of the last two decades—that the process of developing, licensing, and setting environmental and oversight standards for the proposed repository has been, and continues to be, rigged or weakened to ensure that the site can be licensed, rather than provide for safety over the length of time that the waste remains dangerous to public health and the environment. This bill was largely changed for the worse in committee. The bill now sets us on path to go forward in the next few years with a consolidated storage proposal before working out the details of a comprehensive legislative path to solve the nuclear waste problem and, frankly, creates an overwhelming risk that an interim storage site in New Mexico, Utah, or even Texas (although the Texas site just requested that its license application be held in abeyance) will be the de facto final resting place for nuclear waste. This will not work. It is likely those states will, in some form or another, resist being selected as the dumping ground for the nation’s nuclear waste without a meaningful consent based process and regulatory authority that garners both public acceptance and a scientifically defensible solution. Further, and also just as damning, it sets up yet another attempt to ship the waste to Yucca Mountain irrespective of its certain likelihood of failing the regulatory process, or seek to revive the licensed Private Fuel Storage site that has been strongly opposed in Utah or even open up New Mexico’s Waste Isolation Pilot Plant (WIPP) facility for spent nuclear fuel disposal despite strong opposition and contrary to 25 years of federal law. The latter site also was designed and intended for nuclear waste with trace levels of plutonium, not spent fuel (and we note, a site that has already seen an accident dispersing plutonium throughout the underground and into the environment, contaminating 22 workers, and thus the site was functionally inoperable for years). All of this runs precisely counter to the core admonition of the previous administration’s Blue Ribbon Commission on America’s Nuclear Future (‘‘BRC’’) that ‘‘consent’’ come first. The waste will not be going anywhere for years and it should be incumbent on Congress to fix problems in a meaningful fashion, not attempt an expedient solution that is destined to fail, again. Our concerns, many of which were detailed above or in earlier letters, remain. We would be pleased to work with any representative on a feasible, constructive path forward, but this legislation would put the nation’s nuclear waste storage policy on the wrong track yet again and we urge you to reject it. Thank you for your consideration of our views. Sincerely, 350Kishwaukee; 350NYC; Abalone Alliance Safe Energy Clearinghouse; Albuquerque Center for Peace and Justice; Alliance for a Green Economy; Alliance for Environmental Strategies; Alliance for Nuclear Accountability; Alliance to Halt Fermi 3; Baltimore Nonviolence Center; Basin and Range Watch; Bellefonte Efficiency & Sustainability Team; Mothers Against TN River Radiation; Beyond Nuclear; California Communities Against Toxics; Cape Downwinders; Chesapeake Physicians for Social Responsibility; Citizen Action New Mexico; Citizen Power; Citizens Action Coalition of IN; Citizens Awareness Network; Citizens Education Project. Citizens’ Environmental Coalition; Citizens for Alternatives to Radioactive Dumping; Citizens’ Resistance at Fermi 2 (CRAFT); Clean Water Action; Coalition for a Nuclear Free Great Lakes; Code Pink: Women for Peace; Concerned Citizens for Nuclear Safety; Concerned Citizens for SNEC Safety; Connecticut Coalition Against Millstone; Consumers Health Freedom Coalition; Council on Intelligent Energy & Conservation Policy; Crabshell Alliance; Cumberland Countians for EcoJustice; CT Coalition Against Millstone; Don’t Waste Arizona; Don’t Waste Michigan; Ecological Options Network (EON); Energı´a Mı´a; Energy Justice Network; Environmental Defense Institute. Environmental Working Group; Fairmont, MN Peace Group; Food & Water Watch; Frack Free Illinois; Franciscans for Justice; Friends of the Earth; Georgia Women’s Action for New Directions (Georgia WAND); Grandmothers Mothers and More for Energy Safety; Great Basin Resource Watch; Great LakesEnvironmental Alliance; Green State Solutions, Iowa; Ground Zero Center for Nonviolent Action; HEAL Utah; Hip Hop Caucus; Hudson River Sloop Clearwater; Indian Point Safe Energy Coalition; Indigenous Rights Center; Indivisible South Bay Los Angeles; Kawartha lakes land trust; Lacuna Acoma Coalition for a Safe Environment (LACSE). League of Conservation Voters; League of Women Voters of the United States; LEPOCO Peace Center; Los Alamos Study Group; Mankato Area Environmentalists; Merrimack Valley People for Peace; Michigan Safe Energy Future, Kalamazoo MI Chapter; Michigan Safe Energy Future, Shoreline Chapter; Michigan Stop the Nuclear Bombs Campaign; Milwaukee Riverkeeper; Missouri Coalition for the Environment; Mountain States Mennonite Conference; Multicultural Alliance for a Safe Environment; Native Community Action Council; Natural Resources Defense Council; Network for Environmental & Economic Responsibility of United Church of Christ; Nevada Nuclear Waste Task Force; New England Coalition on Nuclear Pollution; No More Fukushimas; No Nukes NW. North American Climate, Conservation and Environment (NACCE); North American Water Office; Northwest Environmental Advocates; Nuclear Age Peace Foundation; Nuclear Energy Information Service; Nuclear Free World Committee; Dallas Peace and Justice Center; Nuclear Information and Resource Service; Nuclear Issues Study Group; Nuclear Watch New Mexico; Nuclear Watch South; Nukefree.org; Nukewatch; Oak Ridge Environmental Peace Alliance; On Behalf of Planet Earth our developing world; OurRevolution Ocala; Partnership for Earth Spirituality; Peace Action; Peace Action of Michigan; Physicians for Social Responsibility. Physicians for Social Responsibility— Chesapeake; Physicians for Social Responsibility—Kansas City; Physicians for Social Responsibility—Los Angeles; Physicians for Social Responsibility—Oregon; Physicians for Social Responsibility—San Francisco Bay Area Chapter; Pilgrim Legislative Advisory Coalition PLAC; Pilgrim Watch; Planet Cents. Portsmouth/Piketon Residents for Environmental Safety and Security (PRESS); Proposition One Committee; Public Citizen; Public Health and Sustainable Energy (PHASE); Public Watchdogs; Rachel Carson Council; Radiation and Public Health Project; Radiation Truth; Redwood Alliance; Residents Organized for a Safe Environment; Riverkeeper; ROAR (Religious Organizations Along the River). Rocky Mountain Peace and Justice Center: Safe Utility Meters Alliance NW (SUMA– NW); San Clemente Green; San Luis Obispo Mothers for Peace; San Onofre Safety; Save The River / Upper St. Lawrence Riverkeeper; Seacoast AntiPollution League; Sierra Club; Snake River Alliance; Southern Alliance for Clean Energy; Southern Illinois Against Fracturing Our Environment; Southwest Research and Information Center; Stand Up/Save Lives Campaign; Straits Area Concerned Citizens for Peace, Justice and the Environment (SACCPJE); SUN DAY Campaign; Support and Education for Radiation Victims (SERV); Sustainable Energy & Economic Development (SEED) Coalition; Task Force on Nuclear Power, Oregon and Washington Physicians for Social Responsibility; Tennessee Environmental Council; Tewa Women United. Texas River Revival; The Colorado Coalition for Prevention of Nuclear War; The Lands Council; The Nuclear Resister; The Peace Farm; Thomas Merton Center; Three Mile Island Alert; Toledo Coalition for Safe Energy; Touching Earth Sangha; Toxics Action Center Campaigns; TriValley CAREs (Communities Against a Radioactive Environment); Uranium Watch; Ursuline Sisters of Tildonk, U.S. Province; UUFHC (Unitarian Universalist Fellowship of Harford County); Vermont Citizens Action Network; Vermont Yankee Decommissioning Alliance; Veterans For Peace Golden Rule Project; Veterans For Peace Chapter 74; Western States Legal Foundation; West Valley Neighborhoods Coalition. Women’s Energy Matters; Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom Des Moines Branch; Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom Fresno Branch; Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom Monterey County Branch; Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom Pittsburgh Branch; Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom Santa Cruz Branch; Youth Arts New York. 
MAY8, 2018. DEARMEMBERS OF THE U.S. H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES : The undersigned organizations and businesses write to express our vehement opposition to H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017, which is scheduled to be considered by the House of Representatives this week. By reviving licensing activities for Yucca Mountain as a nuclear waste repository, this legislation has the potential to adversely impact citizens and businesses located in Nevada. Yucca Mountain is located just 90 miles from the world’s premier tourist, convention and entertainment destination in Las Vegas, Nevada, which welcomed nearly 43 million visitors last year. Las Vegas is once again on pace to meet or break that number with over 
10 million visitors already accounted for in 2018. The Greater Las Vegas area is one of the fastest growing in the U.S. with a population that now exceeds 2.1 million people according to an estimate from the U.S. Census Bureau. Safety and security remain a top priority for all Americans and any problems with the transport of more than 110,000 metric tons of nuclear waste to the site throughout the country, or issues with its storage there, would bring potentially devastating consequences to the local, state and national communities. Moreover, with taxes on Nevada’s tourism industry providing 42 percent of the state general fund, even a modest decline in visitors’ perception about the region could have severe negative implications for the state’s economy and future growth. We stand with the many concerned citizens, small business operators and bipartisan members of the Nevada delegation in staunch opposition to any attempt to restart the repository licensing process and will work tirelessly to ensure that radioactive waste is never stored anywhere near the world’s entertainment capital in Las Vegas. We strongly urge members to vote against this flawed legislation and, instead, explore alternative solutions that respect state sovereignty and do not put Nevada’s citizens and economy at risk. Sincerely, Geoff Freeman, President and CEO—American Gaming Association; Virginia Valentine, President—Nevada Resort Association; Mary Beth Sewald, President and CEO—Las Vegas Metro Chamber of Commerce; Rossi Ralenkotter, CEO—Las Vegas Convention & Visitors Authority; James Murren, Chairman and CEO—MGM Resorts International; Joe Asher, CEO—William Hill U.S.; Keith Smith, President and CEO—Boyd Gaming Corporation; Mark P. Frissora, President and CEO—Caesars Entertainment; Sheldon Adelson, Chairman and CEO—Las Vegas Sands Corporation; Timothy J. Wilmott, CEO—Penn National Gaming. 
UNITEHERE!, New York, NY, May 8, 2018. Oppose H.R. 3053, Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. DEARREPRESENTATIVE : UNITE HERE represents more workers in Nevada than any other union in the country. Our Nevada affiliate, Culinary Local 226, represents 60,000 workers who are the backbone to the tourism and hospitality industry of the Strip. The role of our union is to fight for what’s best for these 60,000 workers and their families, and in the case of H.R. 3053 the best interest of our members is clearly to vote no and oppose all attempts to license a nuclear waste repository at Yucca Mountain. Turning Yucca Mountain into a nuclear dumping ground will put all 60,000 UNITE HERE members of Culinary 226 and their families at enormous risk, along with all 2.1 million people living in the Greater Las Vegas area. Yucca Mountain is dangerously close to where our members and their families live, as well as to the economic heartbeat of Nevada that keeps the economy afloat—only 90 miles from the Las Vegas Strip. The continued health of our members and their families in Nevada is on stake with your vote on H.R. 3053. To keep 60,000 UNITE HERE workers safe in Nevada, we urge you to oppose H.R. 3053. Sincerely, D. TAYLOR , International President. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chair, you have heard that the legislation before you now, ‘‘Screw Nevada 2.0,’’ is a work of compromise, a bipartisan effort, not perfect, but a step forward. Well, that, frankly, is an opinion. It is not the facts. Here are the facts: The legislation overrides environmental laws, allowing the EPA to move the goalposts in terms of radiation limits to ensure that nothing will ever interfere with the agenda of the nuclear industry. It sets up a consentbased process for the establishment of an interim storage facility but imposes a permanent facility at Yucca Mountain. It increases the amount of nuclear waste to be dumped in Nevada by 37 percent, 110 metric tons more that were not considered in any of the environmental or safety studies being used to justify the project. It also removes the prohibition currently in law that prohibits Nevada from being the de facto interim storage facility until a permanent one can be licensed. It was also changed after passing out of committee to address the high scoring costs, making it less likely that we get host benefits. The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Nevada. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chair, also, contrary to the sponsor’s comments, the area around Yucca Mountain is not some desolate area. It has iconic wildlife, endangered species, and Native American artifacts. Also, the proposed facility sits above the water table and on an active fault and can only be reached by roads that travel through 329 of your congressional districts. Finally, like New Mexico, the people in Nevada have suffered from tests of atomic weapons that the government told us: Don’t worry; it will be safe. In short, this bill does nothing to really address the root of the problem, and I urge Members to vote against it. It has cost us 36 years and $15 billion, and all we have to show for it is a hole in the ground. We should be doing consentbased decisionmaking that will move us forward and not continue this failed policy that is bad politics and bad policy. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ADERHOLT ), a subcommittee chair of the Committee on Appropriations. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague, Mr. SHIMKUS , for this important legislation. This is a bipartisan piece of legislation that, it has already been said, puts our country back on the right track in honoring that commitment that was made by the Federal Government to safely collect and dispose of spent nuclear fuel and highlevel nuclear waste. It has been noted here this morning that, under the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, Congress assigned the responsibility for spent nuclear fuel to the Federal Government; but today, because the Federal Government has failed to honor this commitment, spent nuclear fuel sits idle in 121 communities across 39 States. It was back in 1987 that Congress designated Yucca Mountain as the permanent repository for nuclear waste, but despite collecting more than $40 billion from taxpayers, Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository has yet to be completed. The legislation before us today offers important reforms for our country’s nuclear waste policy. It utilizes Yucca Mountain as our main point of nuclear waste storage, while directing the Department of Energy to move forward with a temporary storage program as it works on the Yucca Mountain facility. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague again for his legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3053. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining. The CHAIR. The gentleman from New York has 111⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Illinois has 14 minutes remaining. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. KIHUEN ). Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chair, today I rise to speak in opposition to H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act. Mr. Chair, I find it offensive. I sit here and listen to all my colleagues, and they all want to send nuclear waste to the State of Nevada. They are all generating this nuclear waste, and they want to send it to my backyard right in the Fourth Congressional District. Bottom line is this, Mr. Chair: If you generate nuclear waste, you should keep it in your own backyard. Don’t be sending it to our backyard. I have met with various people out at Nellis Air Force Base and Creech Air Force Base and the Hawthorne Army Depot. These are very important military installations in the Fourth Congressional District for our entire country. They don’t want this nuclear waste passing through their own backyard. It is offensive. It is offensive that we have a State that depends on tourism, that depends on people coming into the State, and we want to bring all this nuclear waste to my backyard. We want to send it to Yucca Mountain, a place that hasn’t even been deemed safe. It is disappointing, Mr. Chair, that we have all this nuclear waste and we can’t pick any other place in the country. It has to be somewhere where we have military bases. It has to be somewhere where it hasn’t been deemed safe, where there is seismic activity. Just a few weeks ago, there was an earthquake there. Mr. Chair, I am seriously concerned for Nevadans. I am seriously concerned for our military bases. I am concerned about our tourists who are going to be 
coming from all over the country. I am concerned about every single one of the congressional districts and its constituents where this nuclear waste is going to be traveling through. These are some serious concerns that have been brought up that none of us, none of my colleagues have been able to address. Mr. Chair, I am here to oppose this project. I am here to speak on behalf of 80 percent of Nevadans who oppose bringing nuclear waste to our backyard, and I am here to send a message that we are going to continue fighting this tooth and nail right here in Congress, in the Senate, here in the House, and, also, if need be, we are going to continue fighting this in the legal courts. Mr. Chair, I am here to speak in opposition and to speak on behalf of all Nevadans. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ), who has been very helpful in this project. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018. At the decommissioned San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station just south of my district, 1,800 tons of spent nuclear fuel sits along the Pacific coastline. This spent nuclear fuel must be moved for safety and environmental reasons, but also out of fairness to American taxpayers. To date, California ratepayers have contributed more than $2 billion to the Nuclear Waste Fund, with the promise those funds would help establish a permanent storage facility. H.R. 3053 authorizes interim storage, a necessary step to move spent nuclear fuel out of our communities and into interim storage facilities, until a permanent storage solution is established. Mr. Chair, I speak on behalf of my constituents, who say the time to fix this problem is now. The Federal Government owes it to the American people to fulfill its obligation and take ownership of spent fuel. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS ) for his leadership on this issue, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3053. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. ROSEN ). Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from New York for yielding. Mr. Chair, I rise today and stand with the overwhelming majority of Nevadans who wholeheartedly oppose our State becoming the dumping ground for the rest of the Nation’s nuclear waste. Based on the Department of Energy’s own studies, Yucca Mountain is unfit as a repository site for nuclear waste because of the impact it would have on national transportation. We are talking about shipping up to three loads of radioactive waste per week to Nevada by rail or truck for over 50 years. Here is a map of what the proposed routes would look like. Dangerous waste would go through 329 congressional districts across this country. To the Members representing these districts: Do you consent to highlevel radioactive waste barreling down your highways and your train tracks? Are you prepared to face your constituents at home and tell them that you voted to put their safety at risk? Yucca Mountain would also jeopardize our national security and the readiness of our Air Force by compromising military activities at the Nevada Test and Training Range, the largest air and ground military training space in the contiguous United States. Instead of spending billions more in hardearned taxpayer dollars on this illconceived project, let’s work on converting the site into something that will keep our families safe and still create jobs. My bill, the Jobs, Not Waste Act, which I offered as an amendment to H.R. 3053, would prohibit DOE from moving forward with its plan until a number of other jobcreating alternatives for Yucca Mountain are considered. It is an innovative and forward thinking solution to repurpose this site for something useful. Mr. Chair, I urge Congress to stop wasting time and taxpayer money on Yucca Mountain and finally realize just how dangerous and costly this project will be. It is past time we identified viable alternatives for this project while finding a safe, longterm repository in a State that consents to its siting. The CHAIR. Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KINZINGER ). Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, as a military pilot, Air Force pilot, I think it is important to note that this will not affect range operations at Nellis Air Force Base. My district is home to four nuclear power plants, and I have seen firsthand the hard work and dedication of the men and women who work there. These plants not only provide clean, reliable power, but also create good jobs, and they strengthen our communities. In 1982, the government made a commitment to these communities. Congress and the President approved Yucca Mountain over 15 years ago. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission concluded it can safely store spent fuel there for 1 million years. In Illinois alone, ratepayers have contributed over $3 billion to the Nuclear Waste Fund, and Illinois houses more spent fuel than any State. Today is about following through on our commitments. We must reassure communities like La Salle and Byron, that put their trust in the government, that they can continue to make clean, reliable nuclear power as well as have a safe place to store it. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman and my Illinois colleague, JOHN SHIMKUS , for being a tireless advocate for making good on this commitment. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act. Next to me is a picture of Haddam Neck, Connecticut, which is a pristine part of the State where the Connecticut River and the Salmon River come together. Where the circle is on the photograph, there are 43 casks of spent nuclear power uranium rods that, again, today, pretty much cordon off that whole area. If you drove up in a car, you would be met by a platoon of heavily armed security guards who, for good reason, have to patrol that area every single day because of the dangerous material that is stored there. That has been the case for over 20 years. It costs Connecticut ratepayers $10 million a year, again, for a site that should be long overdue for renovation and access to folks from all over the world because of its rich archeological and historical area. This bill provides a way out for this area, along with 120 other sites across the country, where host communities have been saddled with storage of spent nuclear fuel because of the fact that this country has been unable to come together with a coherent policy. This bill provides a way out. Mr. Chair, I congratulate the proponents on both sides of the aisle for getting us to that place. Waterford, Connecticut, is also home to Dominion, a nuclear power plant with a similar situation that, again, is long overdue for change. I also just want to note, as the Representative from Groton, Connecticut, the home of the nuclear Navy—it was where the Nautilus was first launched in 1956—we have, as a country, been transporting spent nuclear fuel for aircraft carriers and nuclear submarines for decades by land and by sea safely and efficiently, and the notion that we can’t do this for our civilian nuclear power facilities is, frankly, just demonstrably untrue. b1000 We can do this, and this bill provides, as I say, a mechanism for an interim storage that is sensible, that is logical, and is bipartisan. Again, I congratulate the proponents and strongly urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this measure later this morning. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. LEWIS). Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for his leadership on this vital issue. The Federal Government asked Americans to pay roughly $40 billion in taxes and interest with the promise the government would operate a national 
repository. Thirtyseven years later, no repository, and my district is hampered with the burden of maintaining 40 spent fuel casks, with more on the way. Now, while onsite storage is done in a very safe and highly secure manner, it is simply not appropriate. In fact, in 1991, the United States Department of the Interior agreed, stating: ‘‘The imposition of risk upon the Prairie Island Indian community is an unreasonable burden.’’ Prairie Island is just one community shouldering this burden. The city of Red Wing and the citizens of Goodhue County expect better. In fact, my constituents reminded me that, by law, the repository should have been open in 1998, stating: But it is not our responsibility to remind Congress to do its job. They are right. I urge my colleagues to uphold our promise and vote in favor of this bill. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ). Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 4053, and I thank Chairman SHIMKUS for the great leadership he has provided on this bill on this really significant issue. This bill authorizes the construction of Yucca Mountain as a nuclear waste storage site, which would alleviate the burden of incredible risk that is now borne by communities throughout the country, such as in my district, where homes are not far located from the closed San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station. That, and many other plants throughout the Nation, have closed their doors in decades. Yet, Congress has yet to agree how to safely store that waste, and what is really important is we must store the waste. But while we develop new nuclear energy technologies, that we are capable of doing, that are safe, and produce less of their own waste, and can consume the waste of older plants, I reminded Secretary of Energy Perry of that yesterday; but, in the meantime, until that technology—by the way, it is sinful that we have not developed that technology, which we are capable of, that could eat this waste. But until we do, having safe storage at Yucca Mountain makes all the sense to me and is safe for my constituents. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018. As a cosponsor of this legislation, I understand the importance of enacting critical reforms to our nuclear waste management strategy, reforms that are long overdue. Mr. Chairman, I have the great honor of representing Georgia’s 12th Congressional District, which is home to every nuclear reactor in our State, and we are leading the way in the new nuclear. At Plant Vogtle, in my district, there are thousands of spent fuel rods being held in spent fuel pools and dry cask storage containers, and in the next few years we are going to double the number of nuclear reactors online at Vogtle. H.R. 3053 would help pave the way to quickly establish a permanent geological repository to dispose of the waste that currently sits in 121 communities across America, including those in Georgia12. This process has gone on far too long, and now it is time for Congress to act and pass this commonsense legislation. I want to thank Subcommittee Chair SHIMKUS for his work and diligence on this matter, and I urge all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in voting ‘‘yes’’ for this bill. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ). Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague, our ranking member, for allowing me to speak. I rise in support of H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018. Congress, back in 1982, passed the Nuclear Waste Policy Act, directing the Department of Energy and Nuclear Regulatory Commission to open a permanent repository for our Nation’s spent nuclear fuel. Now, Congress is slow, but this is amazing how we haven’t dealt with this. Over three decades later, America is still without a repository, leaving tens of thousands of tons of nuclear waste vulnerable to acts of terror or other catastrophes. If you say you are for allofthe above for power generation, then you need to vote for this bill, because if we are really going to use nuclear power, which we get about 20 percent in Texas, we need a place to put that waste, and not just on the sites where we produce it. There was a decision made in the 1980s it would be out in Yucca Mountain, and that wasn’t our decision, but that is there, and it is Federal property. That is where we exploded atomic bombs during the testing. Nobody is going to build condos on that property, because I was out there with the chairman of the committee. Until the day we find interim storage to ensure 70,000 tons of spent fuel sitting in our Nation’s nuclear plants are safe from harm at an interim storage facility, there is one proposed in west Texas that the folks out there want it. I ask my colleagues to support this bill so we can finally move the ball forward on safely storing our Nation’s spent nuclear fuel. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ). Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chairman, I rise too, in support of this bill, and I want to single out Chairman SHIMKUS for his tireless work. He stood up in conference after conference after conference, insisting that we move forward. This bill has been, indeed, a long time coming. This is about a national solution to a national problem. Each of the States could come up with their own navies, their own armies. We tried that once in South Carolina. It didn’t work out so well. But it is important that we, again, have a national solution to a national issue; that is certainly the case with nuclear waste. This is about moving past politics to policy. This thing has been held up for years based on politics. I don’t begrudge anybody in Nevada for pushing and using every tool in the toolkit in holding it off, but this is ultimately moving to policy. This is about not building a mountain of waste in South Carolina and a whole lot of other interim sites across this country. We have a fault line at the Savannah River Site, and there are similar security concerns with the plethora of different sites that we have across this country. Consolidating makes sense from a security standpoint. Finally, this is about giving people what they paid for, $40 billion nationally, over $1 billion in South Carolina paid by ratepayers. I thank the chairman for acting on this bill. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Georgia (Mrs. HANDEL ). Mrs. HANDEL. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from Illinois, Representative SHIMKUS , for his steadfast leadership on this very important issue. I rise today, as well, to lend my support to H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018. Mr. Chairman, America lacks the necessary geological repository for important nuclear power resources. Because of this, spent nuclear fuel currently sits idle in over 100 communities across 39 States. This deficiency has cost electricity ratepayers over $40 billion with little to nothing to show for the exorbitant cost. H.R. 3053 makes long overdue reforms to the Nuclear Waste Fund and facilitates the formal licensing process for the repository at Yucca Mountain. It provides a commonsense, bipartisan interim solution for the safe storage of nuclear waste. Most importantly, H.R. 3053 ensures that this safe, efficient form of energy can continue to expand and be utilized in the United States, such as Georgia’s Plant Vogtle. Mr. Chairman, H.R. 3053 is much needed legislation that will finally ensure the safe disposal of nuclear waste 
in this country. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BARTON ). (Mr. BARTON asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I can’t think of a more unrewarding, difficult, fruitless issue to be asked to be the leader on than trying to find a solution to highlevel nuclear waste. Can you imagine if, when you get elected to Congress, you are called into the Speaker’s office or the minority leader’s office and said: Now, I know you are young and bright and everything, but we want you to take the lead on something that we haven’t been able to solve in 30 years. Well, that is what JOHNSHIMKUS and Congressman TONKO have been tasked to do. There is not a more unpleasant issue in the 30something years I have been in the House than this issue. Having said that, it is probably one of the most important issues to solve. We have, at one time, over 100 operating nuclear reactors. They generate electricity every day, and they use and eventually consume their nuclear fuel rods. And when they have been used up, you can’t put them on the curb and tell the trash to pick them up. Now, Mr. TONKO and Mr. S HIMKUS  have worked, not just this Congress, but the last Congress, and in the case of JOHNSHIMKUS , probably the last six Congresses, seven Congresses, to try to solve this. We have a bipartisan bill today. I predict it is going to get in the neighborhood of 260 to maybe 300 votes. It solves the problem. And the key, in my opinion, to what they have done is that they have allowed for an interim storage facility in a State that approves it beforehand. You are going to have States compete to accept this highlevel nuclear waste on an interim basis, and you make a path forward to finish the licensing process, or make a negative determination in Nevada at Yucca Mountain. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. POEof Texas). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SHIMKUS. I yield the gentleman from Texas an additional 30 seconds. Mr. BARTON. You are going to have a way to begin, if this bill becomes law, to get the waste that is now stored on site at deactivated, in some cases, nuclear power plants, consolidated to interim storage, make a decision on Yucca, ‘‘yea’’ or ‘‘nay,’’ and if it is ‘‘yea’’ then begin that process. This is a very good effort. It should pass the House, it should pass the Senate, and the President should sign it. And then we will finally, after almost 40 years, begin to solve highlevel nuclear waste issues in America. I thank both the leaders on this bill, and I hope we get a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am not closing yet. We are waiting for the majority whip. Mr. Chairman, I want to highlight a couple of issues, of course, that have been raised. In my brief opening statement I reminded the folks—and I see my colleague from Chicagoland on the floor—Chicago gets 55 million visitors a year. In Chicagoland there are 10,000 metric tons. That is in the community, that is where there are condos, and it is right there. This proposed longterm repository is 90 miles away from Las Vegas. It is a mountain in a desert. If it gets approved, final adjudication. And what has held up the final adjudication? Politics on the appropriation matter, which I think this bill is going to help solve, because once we get a good vote—my colleagues, I don’t think we voted on an authorization bill, on this issue on an authorization bill, since 2002. b1015 That is when the State of Nevada objected, per the law. They were allowed to do that. We had a chance, then, to override that veto. Because, as MARK SANFORD said, this is a national problem that demands a national solution. So the law laid out an opportunity to hear the complaints from the State of Nevada and say ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no.’’ They said ‘‘no.’’ The law laid out the opportunity for the national legislative body and the President of the United States to decide to accept or reject that. I think this Chamber vote was about 350 to reject the State of Nevada’s opposition. The Senate rejected it on a voice vote. So we have been through this numerous times. We know where the majority of Representatives are, and we know where the majority of Senators will be. We have just got to move. We have got to address this national problem with a national solution. Another issue that was just touched on by Chairman WALDEN , he spent a lot of time on it, is spent nuclear fuel. This is ratepayers also helping pay for our defense waste obligations. The nuclear weapons and winning the Cold War created stockpiles of nuclear waste, toxic sludge, in areas in four States primarily. Primarily, Washington State, also South Carolina. Ratepayers are going to help safely dispose of that. So when you take the national defense problem and the spent nuclear fuel problem, we are moving forward in that direction. Nevadans are not uniformly opposed to the repository. In fact, nine of the surrounding counties have passed resolutions to move forward, at least with the adjudication. And as my colleagues from Nevada know, I have been to that State quite a few times, and we talked to many, many people on this issue. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, it is very rare that we consider a perfect bill. This is not the bill Mr. PALLONE or I would have written on our own, and I do not think it is a bill Mr. SHIMKUS would have wanted on his own either, but that is the nature of compromise. I again want to thank Mr. SHIMKUS  and his staff for their willingness to work with us to address a number of our concerns with the initial bill. And I want to acknowledge the hard work done by Tuley Wright, Rick Kessler, and other members of the Energy and Commerce Committee minority staff, who worked so diligently on this legislation. I truly understand the concerns raised by my colleagues in opposition, especially those from the Nevada delegation, and I sympathize with many of their arguments, but the reality is our Nation has a substantial amount of nuclear waste, and we as a Nation need a plan to address it. We are dealing with the constraints of legislation passed some 30 years ago, and within those constraints, I believe this bill is a step in the right direction to address our Nation’s nuclear waste issues. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I want to also thank the staff on both sides for their work. This is the way legislation is supposed to move. You have hearings. In Energy and Commerce, we really have four: a subcommittee hearing markup, subcommittee markup, full committee markup, then we go through the process. So our staff has done a tremendous job. I also want to thank Ranking Member PALLONE and Ranking Member TONKO for their friendship and their actually good negotiating skills. As they have told me many times, they have changed this bill through their diligence, and that has got us here to a better product. I will end up on three quick points. We have raised them before. We can transport this safely. We have done it for decades. Every day, taxpayers are paying from all 50 States into the Judgment Fund because of our failure to meet our legal obligations. I think it is almost $800 million a year that we pay because we are breaking the law. Independent scientific analysis of the Yucca Mountain repository found the site can safely dispose of nuclear waste for 1 million years. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Chair, today, my colleagues and I will vote on H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018. H.R. 3053 provides practical reforms to ensure that the federal government fulfills its legal obligation to dispose of nuclear waste currently present in 121 communities across 39 states. The federal government is 20 years behind in implementing this disposal program. As a result, current litigation costs have totaled more than $6 billion—mounting to nearly $800 million a year and approximately $34 billion in future liabilities. I am proud to support this legislation, and I ask my colleagues to vote for H.R. 3053. H.R. 3053 reforms the program’s broken financing mechanism. The Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 established the Nuclear Waste Fund financed through the collection of fee receipts paid by nuclear utilities and ratepayers. However, under current scorekeeping, these receipts are credited as offsetting mandatory receipts rather than discretionary appropriations in the federal budget. Consequently, the program cannot be adequately funded because the collected fees are not credited toward discretionary appropriations for future program expenditures. Addressing the budgetary classification of these fees prior to the Department of Energy resuming their collection is a top priority. In order for this program to operate as intended, the collection of these fees must be classified as discretionary spending. H.R. 3053 accomplishes this by offsetting future spending for nuclear waste management as discretionary spending and ensuring longterm funding for the program. The circumstances of the Nuclear Waste Fund are unique due to the delay in implementation of the program and the resulting litigation. As a result, both the fee collections and the program’s subsequent spending need equivalent budgetary classifications. The scorekeeping treatment in the bill should not be viewed as a precedent for future legislative activity in other, unrelated programs. We are 20 years behind fulfilling this program’s promise. We owe it to the taxpayer, ratepayer, and nuclear industry to pass H.R. 3053 and uphold our legal and contractual obligations to collect nuclear waste. I support the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018 and urge its passage. The Acting CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5 minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee print 115–69. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 3053 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Section 122 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10142) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any economic benefits derived from the retrieval of spent nuclear fuel pursuant to this section shall be shared with the State in which the repository is located, affected units of local government, and affected Indian tribes.’’. 
It is the Sense of Congress that the Governments of the United States and Canada should not allow permanent or longterm storage of spent nuclear fuel or other radioactive waste near the Great Lakes. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 115–665. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 115–665. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title VI, add the following section: 
The Department of Energy shall include a financial statements summary in each audit report on the Department of Energy Nuclear Waste Fund’s fiscal year financial statement audit. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 879, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Congressman SHIMKUS for his support of this amendment. I would also like to thank Congressman TONKO as well, and express my support for the underlying bill, which will, among many other things, prioritize decommissioned nuclear plants for removal of spent waste. The hard work to come to this stage has been important, and we are finally moving forward. In 2015, news broke that the nuclear plant in my district would be decommissioned in 2019. Unfortunately, this plant has also been in the news quite a bit because of significant safety concerns. So the communities back home are intimately aware of the safety and security risks to local neighborhoods and plant employees, and local officials and stakeholders have worked hard to hold plant operators accountable to prepare for all the risks presented, and to demand a plan for what happens after the plant is decommissioned so that the families and the businesses in my district are not left high and dry. I offered a number of amendments to H.R. 3035, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act. They included efforts to strengthen local stakeholder engagement, to support funding for communities where spent nuclear fuel is awaiting transfer, to ensure the safe storage of spent nuclear fuel at decommissioned or soontobe decommissioned plants. And I offered these amendments because of the safety of the communities that are affected by nuclear plants and the nuclear storage sites, the importance of that being recognized. And while some of these ideas weren’t included in the particular bill, the amendment I offer now is fundamental to making sure that they will be ultimately addressed. Congress created the Nuclear Waste Fund to fund a solution to civilian nuclear waste that would provide for safe disposal in a permanent repository. These funds came from funds paid by ratepayers and generated by tens of billions of dollars, $31 billion as of 2014, to support a solution for dealing with nuclear waste in a safe and secure manner. And in the issuance of what is happening with this fund, the administration ceased making an easytoread summary to be part of that. The American people deserve to know just how this fund is being managed, and that any expenditure is actually necessary or justified and publicly reported and easily digested by local officials and the public as a whole. 
For this, transparency really is key. We should be making it as easy as possible for the public and the officials that oversee this fund, and my amendment does just that by requiring a clear, plain English summary to accompany annual reporting on the Nuclear Waste Fund’s financial status. The information about the fund should not be only accessible to those who can understand the technical information contained in the full report. When communities like mine are working as hard as they can possibly work under the circumstances to make sure that they keep families safe, we should be making every possible tool available to them to achieve this goal. Transparency around the fund created by ratepayers and intended to support a permanent solution to the safety risks they face from nuclear waste is only one piece of that, but an important piece. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time opposition, but I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank my colleague from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ). I think this is a very needed amendment. I would say one of the most frustrating things about this process, and my colleagues on the other side know, is that we passed this bill in June of last year. And then we had the funding, and the money, and the debate, and the trust fund, and appropriators and budgeters. Anything we can do to clear out and get some clear guidance on the money, we may have to then move to another piece of legislation to really clarify. Our bill does that for new revenue coming in, so I think it is a great addition, and I appreciate him coming down. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), the majority whip. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS) for his leadership on this issue. For so long we have been trying to get a solution and to get proper use made out of Yucca Mountain and the billions of dollars that ratepayers all across the Nation have spent. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the bipartisan amendment as well that is brought forward by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ) to bring more light to show the ratepayers of the country what is exactly happening with this Nuclear Waste Fund. But the underlying bill is critical to our national energy strategy because, for decades, going back to the 1980s, this country, through Congress, established that there will be a national nuclear waste storage facility, and yet it has gone unused. The money has gone unutilized, and there is no facility right now that is working. We have got to make this work for the ratepayers all across the country who pay billions of dollars into this fund. We need a national repository for spent nuclear fuel. This bill finally achieves that. I congratulate my friend, Mr. SHIMKUS, for spending years finally getting us to a point where we can move this bill across the House floor, and hopefully the Senate moves this bill to the President’s desk so we can finally resolve this longlasting issue that ratepayers all across the Nation deserve to have an answer to. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I would like to end by saying I know there are some rumblings out there about what is this litigation fund being paid for and who is paying for it? The United States Government is being sued. We have to make these payments because we are not abiding by the law. It is not the private industry. There are rumblings out there about: Oh, we are relieving the nuclear industry of reliability. That is absolutely false. We are going to protect U.S. taxpayers from the liability that we are paying because the Federal Government is not complying with the law. And I want to make that straight. That is accountability, that is transparency. That is what my colleague Mr. KEATING is doing. And with that, I support his amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1030 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ), who has worked tirelessly on this issue as well and with a strong spirit of bipartisan cooperation on this bill. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. I know that this takes the issue and the response of this bill and makes it even stronger. With that in mind, I thank my colleague and those with whom he worked on this amendment for their input, and for, again, an amendment that makes the response so much stronger. With that, I plan to support the amendment. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, once again, I want to thank everyone who has worked so hard: Mr. SHIMKUS , Mr. TONKO , and all of the people who are finally moving this ahead. It is a very important issue in terms of our energy. It is very important in terms of safety of our communities. We have finally got the ball rolling, so again, I thank them for their hard work. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . SCHNEIDER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 115–665. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 879, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEIDER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment which would help those communities saddled with housing our Nation’s stranded nuclear waste while the Federal Government has failed to meet its legal obligation to find a permanent repository. This is something my constituents understand all too well. The former Zion Nuclear Power Station, located on valuable lakefront property in Zion, Illinois, has housed more than 2 million pounds of spent nuclear fuel since the plant’s closure in 1998. This waste, situated on the very shores of Lake Michigan, is both an extreme environmental hazard and a severe burden to the quality of life of the residents of Zion—deterring economic investment, depressing home values, and driving up property taxes to fill the void of local revenue. Zion is not alone. Across the country, there are 17 nuclear power plants at various stages of decommissioning with even more announced closures slated for years ahead. In these communities, plants are typically the largest employer in the area; and when they close and waste is stored on site, it is devastating to the local communities. 
My amendment seeks to help these communities access desperately needed Federal resources until waste is moved—waste that is, quite literally, stranded in these communities due to the Federal Government’s inaction. Specifically, my amendment would require the Secretary of Energy to assemble a task force to work across all Federal agencies to identify existing resources and funding opportunities that could assist communities with decommissioning plants where waste is being stored. In addition, the task force would work with communities in the decommissioning process to develop a transition plan to mitigate the economic damage when a plant closes. Communities like Zion, Illinois, have been forced to shoulder the burdens of storage with no compensation in return. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment and help our communities get the Federal help they are owed. Mr. Chair, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ), my friend. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I thank my fellow Great Lakes Member, Representative SCHNEIDER , for yielding the time. I also want to thank the ranking member of the Appropriations Committee, Congresswoman LOWEY , for offering this amendment. I rise in support of this effort to help communities that are left with radioactive waste after the closure of a nuclear power plant. The Great Lakes region, I might point out, has no energy umbrella like the Bureau of Reclamation for the 17 Western States, or for portions of the South, the Tennessee Valley Authority, that can help communities readjust on a large scale for energy disruptions or changes. In my district of northern Ohio, the DavisBesse Nuclear Power Station is scheduled to be shuttered. We are not waving the white flag just yet, but this community and its people need the tools to cope with the aftermath, should the worst happen. When nuclear power plants close, the impact on local economies, due to the loss of jobs and tax revenue, will be severe. For years, the DavisBesse Nuclear Power Station has provided 700 good jobs and generated $20 million a year in tax revenue for a rural county, called Ottawa County, in which $12.1 million each year goes to its school district. That 900megawatt power plant does more than produce power. It builds community. This major financial support could disappear and leave the community and that entire county struggling to support schools, law enforcement, and roads. Therefore, I strongly support this amendment to help these communities adjust, as necessary, to access Federal resources and make a plan for economic revitalization. I thank Congressman SCHNEIDER for offering this commonsense amendment, one that is so vitally necessary, especially across the Great Lakes region, which is so often neglected. I also want to thank Chairman SHIMKUS and Ranking Member TONKO for their leadership and urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS ) is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate my colleague from Illinois— one of the Chicagolanders that I talk about—for bringing this amendment. I use his district—and I have used it for years—to talk about the challenges that we face if we do nothing. This authorization bill is designed to start doing something, and, actually, it is designed to help us comply with the law that is already written. Zion is the perfect example of the need to move spent nuclear fuel to an interim site and then a final geological repository, thus, freeing up, obviously, great lakefront opportunities on the Great Lakes for redevelopment that would help this community that suffered because of the closure. I am glad the gentleman is here. I appreciate the amendment. I am going back to what MARKSANFORD said: This is a national problem. We need a national solution. That is what we are trying to do now in a bipartisan manner. Good job. I thank the gentleman for offering the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), my friend and a cosponsor of this amendment. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEIDER ) for working with me on this very important amendment. Indian Point Energy Center, in my district, is scheduled to cease operations in 2021. When the plant closes, the village of Buchanan will be left with a large amount of stranded nuclear waste on site. This amendment would help Buchanan and the town of Cortlandt access vital resources for economic redevelopment. Until the Department of Energy takes title to nuclear waste and removes it from our communities, the Federal Government must do all it can to support these de facto interim storage sites. Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEIDER ) has 30 seconds remaining. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chair, I have the right to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEIDER ) has the right to close. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chair, I again thank my colleague. I don’t know if he was in the Chamber when I mentioned that Chicagoland has 55 million visitors and 10,000 metric tons of spent nuclear fuel. We would like to solve that problem. The gentleman’s amendment helps the communities as we transition. It is additive to the overall bill. I am happy to support it. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from Illinois for his hard work on this and his support. I yield 30 seconds to my colleague from New York (Mr. TONKO ). Mr. TONKO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Illinois for yielding, and I stand in support of the amendment. I thank the gentleman from Illinois and the gentlewoman from New York for their hard work on the amendment and for the sensitivity shown the people in host communities for our nuclear facilities across our country. Mr. Chairman, I support this amendment and encourage our colleagues to do likewise. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chair, I appreciate all of the support. I appreciate the work of my colleagues. I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEIDER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . TITUS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 115–665. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 1, strike line 1 and all that follows through the end of the Rules Committee Print, and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Nuclear Waste Informed Consent Act’’. 
In this Act, the terms ‘‘affected Indian tribe’’, ‘‘affected unit of local government’’, ‘‘highlevel radioactive waste’’, ‘‘repository’’, ‘‘Secretary’’, ‘‘spent nuclear fuel’’, ‘‘unit of general local government’’, and ‘‘Waste Fund’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 2 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 879, the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Nevada. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chairman, my amendment, which is also supported by my Nevada colleague (Mr. KIHUEN ) is very simple and straightforward. It sets up consentbased site decisionmaking as an alternative to ‘‘Screwing Nevada 2.0,’’ which just continues the process that has lasted 36 years, has cost $15 billion, is going nowhere in the Senate, and has nothing to show for it but a big hole in the ground. Consentbased siting, on the other hand, is fair. Nevada doesn’t want your nuclear waste. We didn’t get any benefits from it, and we didn’t generate it. But Texas and New Mexico do want it, so why not let them have it? It is also a sound policy. It was the number one recommendation of the esteemed Blue Ribbon Commission on America’s Nuclear Future. Now, you can argue the politics, you can distort the science, you can assert it is the law—as though a 1982 policy is the Ten Commandments—but you can’t have the truth. Now, my colleagues don’t want this dangerous waste in their backyards any more than Nevadans do. I get that. That is pretty easy to understand. But it is funny, they didn’t mind the jobs; they didn’t mind the tax revenue, the cheap power, and the political support they got from the nuclear power industry over the years that it has existed. Now, they just want somebody else to clean up their mess. Well, I say, instead of screwing Nevada one more time, why don’t we really work together so we can finally and effectively solve the problem? We could do this with consentbased siting for both interim and permanent storage facilities. This would be a real solution that could take us into the future. So I would urge my colleagues to support the Titus amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, first of all, the State of Nevada has benefited from the nuclear age. It helped us win World War II. Also, Nevada pays for our inability to comply with the law because, nationally, we pay out of the Judgment Fund. So the taxpayers of the State of Nevada are paying, through Federal tax liabilities, for us not complying with the law. So I just want to make that straight. There are two main problems with my colleague’s amendment. One is— and it is just the language—it is a striking bill, which says that, all of this debate of interim storage that we are having, her amendment strikes that. All of the discussion about how we are trying to protect the ratepayers—especially in the future—her amendment strikes that. Her amendment strikes the final regulatory review of the Yucca Mountain site. The NRC, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, said in their safety evaluation report that Yucca Mountain would be safe for 1 million years. b1045 Current law allows the State of Nevada to challenge that, but my colleague’s amendment strikes that. And what we have done in this legislation is we have said: We understand the concerns of the State of Nevada. Current law says: Because you vetoed it, you get no benefits. In this bill, we said: That is not fair. We are going to allow the State of Nevada to receive the benefits that they request in moving forward. Your amendment strikes that, so your amendment strikes the opportunity for the State of Nevada to get any benefits once we move forward. The other part of the problem with this amendment is the terminology is very vague as to local government entities. And we think that is probably intentional. It is intentional so that you can never get a number of local entities to ever decide. We kind of looked at, based upon the way the language is written, who would be considered. Well, a local entity, a community in the State of Utah, Minersville, population 887, 300 miles from the site, could be able to veto this national solution to a national problem. Now, that means—and I can’t wait to visit Minersville someday—that they are going to have more power than the Federal Government and this Chamber. They are going to have the veto authority over the State of New Jersey or the State of Illinois or the State of—I don’t know how many States came here to debate on this bill. Quite a few. So a couple problems: the first problem is, it is a strike amendment, which means everything that you have done, all those adjustments that I have worked in a bipartisan manner, throw them out; and that you cannot get to understand the universe of local communities that would have a veto over this national solution to a national problem. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I would just respond to two things. I thank the gentleman for recognizing what Nevada did to help win the Cold War. We were the site of atomic testing for years. We still bear those scars. But this is not about military waste; this is about commercial waste. Second, while I appreciate the chairman’s concern about Nevada and giving us benefits, the health and safety of Nevadans is not for sale to the nuclear power industry. Mr. Chair, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO), my colleague and the ranking member of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I think we can agree on one thing. The status quo is not acceptable. Dispersed around the country in wet pools, in insecure casks—right. We need to deal with that. This is not the perfect solution, and it is destined to fail in the Senate. Why do we commission blue ribbon commissions of experts—are we the experts?—and then ignore their advice? They made four major points: the solution must be adaptive, it must be staged, it must be consentbased, and it must be transparent. This bill assumes we are going into Yucca Mountain, which has been proven to be geologically unstable and unsuitable. Therefore, this amendment should be adopted. The bill should fail. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I am glad my friend from Oregon mentioned the blue ribbon commission. The blue ribbon commission was told: Do not consider Yucca Mountain. So come on. Really? Pull out the blue ribbon commission and say ‘‘this is the truth’’ when they were told: Consider everything else, but you can’t consider the law of the land. Preposterous. To my colleague, Chairman WALDEN—actually in Oregon—this is Hanford. These are the tanks next to the Columbia River, which goes next to Oregon. And you are saying it has no defenserelated provisions for this bill? Come on now. Let’s move forward. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. Members are advised to direct their remarks to the Chair, not to each other. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chairman, that is in Washington. It is not in Oregon. If you don’t even know where Hanford is, I am not sure you really understand what took place there. I would just say: The law of the land, that is a great argument. You forgot about that argument when you tried to repeal ObamaCare 60 times and have done everything you can to roll back DoddFrank. So law of the land is a pretty weak, specious argument. This is not just about the safety of Nevada. This is about doing what is right, finding a policy that will work, that is based on consent, that the experts say is the way to go, that has a chance to get out of the Senate and really move us forward so we do quit wasting time, so we do quit wasting money, and we find a real solution to 
an issue that does affect the entire Nation. That is why it should be consent based. That is why I think we should support this amendment and oppose the underlying bill. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chair, I would say again, please keep in mind that this has an opportunity to pass. It will really solve the problem. It will not turn the clock back to an old way that has failed, that is faulty science, bad politics, and even worse policy. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 80, noes 332, not voting 16, as follows: 
Amodei Bass Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (MD) Capuano Carson (IN) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Cleaver Correa Davis, Danny DeFazio DeSaulnier Doggett Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Green, Al Grijalva Hastings Huffman Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Lee Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. McCollum McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Nadler Napolitano O’Halleran O’Rourke Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pocan Polis Raskin Rosen RoybalAllard Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Schakowsky Schiff Serrano SheaPorter Sherman Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Thompson (CA) Titus Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Cheney Clark (MA) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dingell Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lesko Levin Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Black Budd Crowley DeLauro Deutch Gottheimer Granger Jenkins (WV) Jones Kuster (NH) Labrador Marchant Pittenger Rogers (KY) Rush Speier b1115 Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH, Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER, Messrs. BIGGS, BISHOP of Michigan, SWALWELL of California, NEAL, and Ms. FUDGE changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. KHANNA, and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEYof Florida). The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas) having assumed the chair, Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3053) to amend the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 879, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by a 5minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 340, noes 72, not voting 16, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) 
Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dingell Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lesko Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Amash Amodei Bass Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan F. Castro (TX) Cicilline Clarke (NY) Correa Crist Davis, Danny DeFazio DeSaulnier Doggett Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Green, Al Gutie´rrez Hastings Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Khanna Kihuen Lee Lewis (GA) Loebsack Lofgren Love Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Massie McGovern Meeks Meng Nadler Napolitano O’Rourke Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Rosen RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) Schakowsky Serrano SheaPorter Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Vargas Vela´zquez Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Yarmuth 
Black Budd Crowley DeLauro Deutch Gottheimer Granger Grijalva Jenkins (WV) Jones Kuster (NH) Labrador Marchant Pittenger Rogers (KY) Speier 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall Vote No. 179 on H.R. 3053, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘no’’ when I should have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Stated against: Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, on May 10, on final passage of H.R. 3053, The Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017, I inadvertently cast my vote contrary to my own intentions. I intended to vote ‘‘no’’ on that bill. 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably absent in the House Chamber for rollcall vote 178. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ Additionally, on rollcall No. 179, I was inadvertently recorded as voting ‘‘nay.’’ I support H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017, and my vote should be recorded as ‘‘yea.’’ 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 207, nays 179, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 40, as follows: [Roll No. 180] YEAS—207 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Clyburn Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Cook Cooper Cramer Crawford Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Dingell Doggett Donovan Duffy Ellison Engel Eshoo Estes (KS) Evans Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (NY) Kustoff (TN) Lamb Lamborn Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lesko Lewis (MN) Lipinski Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Nadler Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Roby Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Rush Russell Scalise Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Takano Thornberry Titus Trott Tsongas Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) 
Adams Aguilar Amash Amodei Babin Barraga´n Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Blumenauer Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buck Burgess Capuano 
Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Coffman Conaway Correa Costa Costello (PA) Crist Cuellar DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis DiazBalart Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Emmer Espaillat Esty (CT) Faso Fitzpatrick Flores Foxx Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi LaHood Lance Langevin Latta Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marshall Mast McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peterson Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires Soto Stivers Swalwell (CA) Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Torres Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wenstrup Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin 
Black Budd Cheney Cohen Connolly Courtney Crowley DeLauro Deutch Duncan (TN) Dunn Gibbs Gottheimer Granger Griffith Harris Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Jenkins (WV) Jones Keating King (IA) Kuster (NH) Labrador LaMalfa Larson (CT) Marchant Massie McGovern O’Rourke Pascrell Pittenger Quigley Reichert Rice (NY) Rogers (KY) Smith (MO) Speier Suozzi Taylor 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, on May 10, 2018, I was absent for recorded votes 178, 179, and 180. Had I been present, on rollcall 178 I would have voted ‘‘yes’’, on rollcall 179 I would have voted ‘‘no’’; and on rollcall 180 I would have voted ‘‘no’’. 
Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, due to a personal conflict, I unfortunately missed votes today. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 178 ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 179 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 180. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Ms. Gabrielle Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 1468 Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove myself as a cosponsor from H.R. 1468. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Arizona? There was no objection. 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.RES. 774 Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove myself as a cosponsor from H. Res. 774. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 60 Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove myself as a cosponsor from H.R. 60. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. 
SUPPORTING ROBUST RELATIONS WITH THE STATE OF ISRAEL BILATERALLY AND IN MULTILATERAL FORA UPON SEVENTY YEARS OF STATEHOOD Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign Affairs be discharged from further consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 835) supporting robust relations with the State of Israel bilaterally and in multilateral fora upon seventy years of statehood, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
state of Israel and a demilitarized, democratic Palestinian state living sidebyside in peace and security. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. I have an amendment to the text at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. ROYCE of California (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The resolution, as amended, was agreed to. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. I have an amendment to the preamble at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike the preamble and insert the following: Whereas May 14, 2018, marks the 70th anniversary of the establishment of the State of Israel; Whereas May 11, 2018, marks the 69th anniversary of Israel’s membership in the United Nations; Whereas on May 14, 1948, the United States officially recognized Israel as a state; Whereas Israel offers invaluable contributions to the international community, including to the fields of startup economies, entrepreneurship, cyber security, military weaponry, counterterrorism, intelligence gathering, airport security, agriculture, water management, aridzone farming, medical advances, natural gas, and other technologies; Whereas in 2000, with the support of the United States Government, Israel was accepted into the Western European and Others Group (WEOG) at the United Nations headquarters in New York, and its membership became permanent in 2004; Whereas in 2013 Israel also became a member of WEOG at the United Nations bodies in Geneva; Whereas WEOG membership made possible the election for 2016–17 of Israel’s Ambassador as the chair of the Sixth (Legal) Committee of the General Assembly, and in 2017, Israel’s election to the Executive Board of the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women (UN Women); Whereas in May 2017, Israel was elected as one of the VicePresidents of the United Nations General Assembly; Whereas robust bilateral ties with Israel maximizes security, economic, and cultural benefits in the region, increases regional stability and builds confidence with respect to peace negotiations; Whereas Israel maintains diplomatic relations with 158 nations and retains 79 resident embassies, 22 consulates general, and 6 special missions globally; Whereas Israel maintains free trade agreements with the United States, members of the European Union, members of the European Free Trade Association, Canada, Turkey, the Czech Republic, the Republic of Slovakia, Poland, Hungary, Mexico, Romania, Bulgaria, and Jordan; Whereas Israel has been designated by the United States Government as a major non NATO ally; Whereas in 2014, the United States Government designated Israel as a ‘‘major strategic partner’’; Whereas the United States and Israel have signed three 10year memoranda of understanding, in which the United States committed to provide $26,700,000,000 between fiscal year 1999 and fiscal year 2008, $30,000,000,000 between fiscal year 2009 and fiscal year 2018, and $38,000,000,000 between fiscal year 2019 and fiscal year 2028; Whereas Congress has appropriated amounts in accordance with such memoranda of understanding, reflecting the two countries’ shared priorities in the region and the strength of United States support for maintaining Israel’s qualitative military edge; and Whereas Israel’s involvement as an active member of the community of nations benefits both Israel and the United States, and allies who share common values and promote democratic stability throughout the world: Now, therefore, be it Mr. ROYCE of California (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The amendment to the preamble was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ) for the purpose of inquiring of the majority leader the schedule for the week to come. (Mr. MCCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, no votes are expected in the House. On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business tomorrow. Next week is National Police Week, so several bills will focus on supporting the work done each day by our men and women in law enforcement. That includes H.R. 5698, the Protect and Serve Act, sponsored by Representative JOHN RUTHERFORD . This bill would make inflicting or attempting to inflict serious bodily harm on any police officer a crime punishable by up to 10 years in prison. The House will also consider H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act, sponsored by Representative Mike Conaway. Ronald Reagan said, ‘‘American farmers are the backbone of our country,’’ and both myself and the data would agree. Food and ag industries drive more than 43 million jobs, over a quarter of all American jobs, and U.S. farm exports generate more than $300 billion in economic activity. This important bill will reauthorize farm and nutrition assistance programs for 5 years, while making reforms to modernize key programs and better support rural America. Since my friend often asks about items beyond the week to come, I would like to make this a bonus colloquy for him, and preview several items that are possible during this work period. This includes H.R. 5674, the VA MISSION Act of 2018, sponsored by Representative Phil Roe. This bill would fundamentally transform the VA and the way American veterans receive care for the better. I want to applaud Chairman ROEfor his hard work on this legislation, which recently passed his committee on a bipartisan vote of 20–2. Next, H.R. 3, the Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act. At $15.4 billion, the bill represents the largest single rescissions request in history. More importantly, this bill allows Congress to give our Federal budget a much needed spring cleaning to the benefit of hardworking taxpayers. Third, H.R. 5515, the National Defense Authorization Act, sponsored by Representative MACTHORNBERRY . This bill supports the historic investments we have made to rebuild America’s 
military and ensures our brave men and women have the resources they need to keep us safe. Finally, the House may take further action on DoddFrank reform, including potential action on the community bank regulatory relief bill passed by the U.S. Senate. I look forward to both Chambers taking additional policy actions in this space in the coming weeks as we continue to improve access to capital for American families and businesses. As soon as our schedule is finalized, I will be sure to inform all Members. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the information and for the bonus of a little longerterm view of what we might be considering on the floor of the House. One of the things I didn’t hear on that, and perhaps I asked the majority leader about this before, is whether the majority is expecting to offer on the floor or consider a budget resolution this year. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, as the gentleman has asked before and as we have worked time and time again, the committee is working on a budget, and as they get through, we will bring it to the floor. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, although it was not on this list, I wonder if we might expect a budget resolution to be offered at some point in time in the future. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. Even though I gave him a bonus colloquy beyond the week in front of us, that does not mean if I don’t mention something, that that item would not come forward. So as the Budget Committee works, I will keep the gentleman apprised of where they are and when the timing is for us to bring it to the floor. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Of course, April 15 is the day set forth. Many times we did not meet April 15. Clearly, last year we didn’t meet April 15 by many, many months, but I appreciate the gentleman’s answers. Let me say that I will be joining Sunday night at the National Law Enforcement Memorial here in Washington, D.C., the ceremony to honor those who have given their life in service to our country as law enforcement officers. We ought to pause not just next week, but every week, to recognize the extraordinary service given to us by what I call our domestic defenders, both our police and firefighter personnel, and emergency medical response teams. It is appropriate that we say thank you. They obviously have a very, very tough job. They get a lot of flack from time to time, but without them, we could not maintain the system of order that we have in this country that allows democracy to proceed. So I want all of us to join, not just next week, but next week particularly, to recognize. We will have, of course, a ceremony on the west front of the Capitol. We just had a ceremony the other day, which the Capitol Police conducted, remembering the loss of life that we experienced here in this Capitol to Officer Chestnut and Detective Gibson in defending the Capitol and those who reside therein and who visit this Capitol. Mr. Speaker, on the farm bill and on rescissions, the farm bill, as I understand it, again, I think pursuant to what the Speaker said after we passed the tax bill in which we gave 83 percent of $1.5 trillion to the wealthiest in America, the farm bill is now trying to fill that $1.8 trillion hole that was constructed by the tax bill by reducing benefits to those most in need in this country. I would not so much ask a question of the majority leader, Mr. Speaker, but simply to observe that I would hope we would not try to fill that very, very deep hole that we have dug by passing that tax bill by taking it from those who are most in need. b1145 I notice that, as well as the farm bill, the rescission bill was referred to by the leader as coming to the floor as well, and that seeks to cut a very substantial amount from the contingency fund for child health insurance. The majority leader will make the point, well, that is money that is not necessarily expected to be spent. In fact, he wrote to CBO asking them a question. The CBO said they didn’t think any children would be dropped off because if the contingency is not realized, no children will be dropped off. If, however, the contingency is, and there are no contingency funds available to do that, then, in fact, children will be at risk, unless we pass additional legislation. I think it is unfortunate the majority is pursuing a policy now, both on the farm bill and on the rescission bill, that seeks to undermine the safety and security of those who are nutritionally underserved in this country. It is amazing, in the richest country on the face of the Earth, we have people—one out of five children is going, Mr. Speaker, to bed at night hungry. We ought to be moving in the other direction. This bill has, historically, been a very bipartisan bill. Mr. LUCAS and Mr. PETERS on, in the last reauthorization, brought a bipartisan bill to the floor. Very frankly, it was turned into a partisan bill on the floor, Mr. Speaker, when an amendment was offered and voted on by much of the leadership on the majority side, which would have cut $40 billion from food stamps for those who are hungry Americans among us. This is less than that, but I understand that the Heritage Action, Club for Growth, and Americans for Prosperity are opposed to the bill because it is not a deep enough cut, either in farm programs or in nutritional programs. I would say, Mr. Speaker, that we hope that these will not be policies that we will pursue as a House of Representatives, or as a Congress, and, very frankly, we think the farm bill has little chance of passing the Senate. I would say zero, but that perhaps is a little bit too strong, but certainly little—so that we will be spinning our wheels to send an ideological message to constituencies, I suppose, that want to undercut the ability to ensure that people have food that are hungry in our country. As to the rescission bill that the majority leader mentioned, Mr. Speaker, rescissions are pretty common. Rescissions are common and mostly done by the Congress of the United States, and we do it annually. In almost every appropriation bill that we pass, or omnibus that we pass, not so much CRs, but they have been present in CRs as well, that we have rescissions. The Congress has also gotten, as the majority leader will point out, rescission requests from the executive department. Largely, those have been not agreed to by the Congress. Only in one instance has one President had even a majority of his requests acceded to, and that was President Clinton. But the fact of the matter is, for the most part, rescissions have been pursued by the Congress of the United States, appropriately so, doing its job. And, of course, President Bush asked for no rescissions. President Reagan asked for a lot of rescissions, but President Bush asked for no rescissions—I refer to the second President Bush— nor did President Obama, notwithstanding when the Republicans were largely in charge of the Congress of the United States. And we exercised our judgment and did, in fact, do rescissions in the appropriations process. Now, we have not had a budget. It is the middle of May. It is a month after the budget was to come forward. Our side does not see a budget moving, but perhaps the majority leader is correct, the committee is considering that, and that would be another place where the Congress could take initiatives and a decision to rescind various amounts of spending. Last week, Mr. Speaker, I said if there was spending that was neither necessary nor had been authorized over long periods of time, then I would have no objection, personally, to that rescission, and would think that we could initiate that action. But I would hope that, in both of these instances, we would not take actions which would adversely affect those who are challenged in America, either because of health reasons or nutritional reasons. I would secondly say, and lastly—the majority leader, I am sure, wants to make some comments—60 percent of the budget that we passed, which our Republican friends apparently think 
was too much, was defense. Not a single red cent is included in the President’s rescission from the defense side of the budget, only the nondefense discretionary funding, the people part of the budget. Now, I am a strong supporter of national security, Mr. Speaker, and I have been for the 37 years that I have been in this House. But I do not delude myself that every bit of money that has been appropriated—trillions of dollars over the last 4, 5, or 6 years—has either been spent or is not subject to, perhaps, the Congress saying, well, we put that money on the table but it hasn’t been spent. But apparently the President can’t find a single red cent for that, but he can find places where we can undermine research for innovation, Children’s Health Insurance Program. I understand the leader is going to say that CBO says not a single child will be dropped. That may be true; but if we drop the contingency fund, which has been available and has been used year after year, either directly for health insurance or for related programs for children, then we will be at risk of hurting people whom I don’t think anybody in this body wants to hurt. So I would hope that, before those bills are brought to the floor, we would keep those matters in consideration. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for those many questions. I have got good news for the gentleman. If his concern is the contingency fund for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, no need to fear. In the life of the entire program, the most that has ever been used, accumulated completely, is $300 million; that is why we set aside $500 million. Go beyond the long history of it. CBO tells us they don’t expect any of it to be used, but we want an insurance, just as we wanted this program to survive; that is why it got extended more than 10 years. Mr. Speaker, I don’t have to remind my friend he voted against that. But we care about the Children’s Health Insurance Program; we care about the taxpayers. The good news is, in this rescission program, none of that money can be spent. And if you are concerned about it and worried about maybe you would make that vote, Mr. Speaker, the leader of the other side, she voted to take that same amount from CHIP in the omnibus to spend somewhere else, because you can’t use the money, and we have already extended it 10 years, and no child is going to be harmed by this. CBO says it, all the way through, and we keep the contingency fund there. But you won’t rescind the money that you now have the authority to even spend on the program to give back to the taxpayers? That is what is interesting to me because I listened to you closely, and we have had this discussion before about rescissions. It was just in our last colloquy. I remember when we talked about rescissions because that used to be common practice. President Bill Clinton did it 111 times. President Ronald Reagan did it 214 times. And both Presidents, Mr. Speaker, had Congresses that were from other parties some time during their administration. So when you and I talked about it, because you had voted for rescissions before, I wanted to make sure I got your input before ever talking to the administration because I would like to have your help on this. I think the American taxpayers would like to have everybody’s help on this. So I asked you in that colloquy, I was hoping that you would support this bill from our last one because you said, in our last colloquy: ‘‘I wouldn’t irrationally oppose a rescission which said we’ve had money laying in an account that has not been spent for 1, 2, or 3 years. We shouldn’t just have it sitting in that account.’’ Because in our colloquy, Mr. Speaker, the concern on the other side from my friend was we were going to break a trust; that we were going to take money from that omnibus that he felt a lot of people negotiated in, but, unfortunately, that trust he couldn’t vote for. You even interrupted me to say you believe that rescinding those funds was a reasonable thing to do. I agree that it is a reasonable thing to do. So this administration, I think, may have listened to our colloquy, Mr. Speaker, because if you look at this rescission package, the largest one ever done, common practice from President Ford up until Bill Clinton, you asked for funding that has sat for the last 1, 2, or 3 years. But even in this one, we identified programs that have sat there for 7 years. There has not been a loan in a program since 2011, and there is more than $4 billion sitting there. Taking you at your word, you would jump at this. I should have asked you to cosponsor it. Now, I hope all Members will put the politics aside and be able to support this because this is really what the taxpayer is looking for. This is really what this House has a history of doing. I know you have brought up a few other issues in there, and I know, when you talk about the Children’s Health Insurance Program, the CBO has said that ‘‘rescinding the unobligated balances would . . . not affect outlays, or the number of individuals with insurance coverage.’’ There are so many times I hear CBO quoted here, so I hope we would quote it here as well. In other words, this will have no effect on the CHIP program. Mr. Speaker, as I noted earlier, in the omnibus, those who voted for it, and the leader on the other side did, it did the exact same thing with a higher number. So it was unobligated then and okay to do it. I am just not sure why it wouldn’t be now if you send it back to the taxpayers. Now, I do want to, also, Mr. Speaker, know because we have worked on this CHIP program for quite some time. Now, the Republicans passed the longest and most generous CHIP extension in the program’s history. Now, for the record, my friend did vote against it, not once, not twice, but three times in this Congress. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to quote an AP article from Andy Taylor, because you just can’t make this stuff up. ‘‘Just weeks ago, Democrats supported almost $7 billion in cuts to the Children’s Health Insurance Program, or CHIP, eager to grab easy budget savings to finance new spending at the Department of Health and Human Services. But some Democrats howled over the Trump proposal anyway.’’ Let me get this straight. Is it okay to rescind the CHIP program, Mr. Speaker, when NANCY PELOSI wants to spend more? But when President Trump wants to save the taxpayers money, with no effect on the CHIP program at all, is that what Armageddon is? Now, I don’t want to play politics, and I know you have mentioned a lot, and you did mention the tax bill, and you did mention April. There was more good news in America. It wasn’t just that unemployment is at 3.9 percent. You know the last time—the whole time I have been elected in Congress—— Mr. HOYER. 2000, as I recall, when Mr. Clinton was President. Mr. MCCARTHY. Yes, 18 years ago. Do you know that the claims for unemployment are at the lowest point it has been in more than four decades? That is more than 40 years. Do you know, just in the last year, 2 million more people have jobs? Did you realize the millions of people who actually got bonuses; or just in one company, 1.2 million Americans have a longer maternity leave? b1200 And did you see the revenue into America’s Government last month? It was the largest surplus in the history. The most revenue coming in. So all of those colloquies we had of the fear of this tax bill, the one that allowed Americans to keep more of what they earned, the one that we promised would create more jobs, the one that would bring more prosperity, facts don’t lie. America is in a very good place, and I am thankful that we had that debate. Now, I know, Mr. Speaker, the others on the other side, there wasn’t one of them who could agree with us. But I think today they can agree with the numbers of what it says and what it means; that we know for any American who has a child that is 18 years old and ready to go away to college, they don’t have the fear that they are going to have to come back and live with their 
parents. They are going to enter one of the strongest economies to find a job, of course, in their lifetime, but maybe almost in one of the best times we have seen in ours. So, yes, I am excited about this. I am also excited about the idea of bringing a tradition back that saves the taxpayers money, one that, Mr. Speaker, my friend has voted for before, one that protects the CHIP program by setting aside, on a contingency basis, more than what has ever been asked for in the history of it, $500 million when only $300 million it has, and even though they say not one dollar would be spared. So we have the reserve there for it. I am excited that the administration listened to our colloquy, took my friend’s wisdom and advice that he would look at any accounts that sat there 1, 2, and even 7 years that was unobligated, to be able to save the taxpayer money. And I look forward to when that is on the floor so that we can vote on it together and show the American public that we are serious about saving taxpayers money. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments. He mentioned a number of facts. Economically, I think all of us can be happy that unemployment is down. The gentleman then mentioned that there are less unemployment requests being made. Is the gentleman aware that, in 2016, we created 400,000 more jobs than we created in 2017? Is the gentleman aware of that fact? That is a fact. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, does the gentleman realize that there are 2 million more people in the workforce in less than a year? Mr. Speaker, does the gentleman understand that more than 5 million people got a bonus that, Mr. Speaker, some people on the other side thought was crumbs? Mr. Speaker, does the gentleman understand that the 3.9 percent unemployment rate, many Americans have not seen that in almost two decades? Mr. Speaker, does the gentleman understand that we just watched last night our President at Andrews Air Force Base bring back three Americans that were held in prison in North Korea, and for the first time since that conflict has gone on there is an opportunity to end that war? So, yes, I think some of our best days are right now; but with the potential of what we have not only with our tax bill, but, if we get our farm bill moving where we help individuals to get into that workforce, because that unemployment is so low, I do believe the best days are in front of us. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I presume the answer is the gentleman did not know that there were 400,000 more jobs created in 2016 than were created in 2017. I didn’t get the answer to that question, Mr. Speaker. Let me ask, however, if the gentleman is convinced that there is not a single nickel that can be rescinded from the Defense Department budgets over the last 10 years, trillions of dollars of money, and that only the nondefense side of the budget is subject to rescissions, Mr. Speaker, is the gentleman of the opinion that there are no sums available from the defense budget to try to fill the $1.8 trillion hole created by the tax bill? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I remember what the gentleman said. The gentleman is very concerned about the trust that we would have because of the months that went into the omnibus, that we would break this trust, even though those who negotiated, still some did not vote for it. But in that omnibus, because defense had been cut more than 20 percent, because when I wake up this morning and I see rockets flying from Syria into Israel, when we watch the world become unsafe, it is not 20 percent safer. We made an investment into military. The gentleman does not want any cuts to go into that process, but my question to the gentleman, Mr. Speaker, is there any cut in the rescission the gentleman supports, because I took him at his word. I said to the administration: I just had a great conversation in a colloquy that the gentleman on the other side said of course he would look at anything that was 1, 2, 3, or further years that was unobligated. That is the only thing that is in the rescission. The easiest way not to save taxpayers money is to find something that is not in the bill that you just really need. The gentleman laid out in a colloquy what he wanted in a rescission. It did not deal with the omnibus because the gentleman is worried about the trust. The gentleman said he would look at anything from 1, 2, 3, or further. That is the only thing in here. Mr. Speaker, I ask my friend: Is there anything in the rescission bill that he could support by giving the taxpayers more money back? Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, of course the answer to that question is yes. Mr. Speaker, as I have explained to the majority leader, the Congress has rescinded billions of dollars through the years, and I have voted for rescissions that have been sent down by Presidents of the United States, and there may well be rescissions that are sent down that I could support. I do not intend to support rescissions, Mr. Speaker, that I view as undermining children’s health. I know what the majority leader says: nobody is going to be hurt. Now, interestingly enough, in that answer, he does not answer my question except we all want a strong defense. Nobody on this floor has longer supported Israel’s right to be safe and defended than I have. The issue is I asked the majority leader this does not include a single red cent of rescissions from the trillions of dollars to the Defense Department, not because I want to undermine the Defense Department any more than he says he wants to undermine children’s health, but this is not about rescissions, per se. What it is about is the flack that the majority party is getting, that the President is getting from the Club for Growth, from Heritage Action, from Americans for Prosperity, saying: Your budget was too big. The omnibus was too big. We don’t like it. Show some fiscal discipline. So in an effort to show fiscal discipline, who do they go after? The Children’s Health Insurance Program. He can say it all he wants, but he well knows, and the appropriators will tell him, Mr. Speaker, that that money has been used on an ongoing basis by the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Subcommittee and by the Appropriations Committee to backfill in places where there were clearly shortages on services to children and families. The gentleman may want to say whether or not he believes—because outlays are not affected, he says—that, in fact, this rescission will lower the nondefense discretionary baseline in 2019. That is what I think the real purpose is, Mr. Speaker, and that is why the majority leader has not answered the question about whether there is a single cent to save the taxpayer money—we all want to save the taxpayer money—out of the Defense Department side of the budget or whether that is simply sacrosanct and not worthy of oversight by the Congress or by the President. That was my question. It was not answered, and I regret that. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, will the gentleman yield? Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I certainly will yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman has any idea, because I know he has served on the Appropriations Committee, please offer up, like any Member can, what he would cut or what he wants to find as savings. I will look in any department anywhere to find a savings. Now, Mr. Speaker, can the gentleman show me where in the CHIP program— because, one, you cannot use these funds; two, the contingency base is more than what has ever been used in the history of it—show me where the Children’s Health Insurance Program, because no one is saying it. No one can show that it is. Please point it out to us. You do not have the authority to spend this money. We put a contingency fund, set aside, and looked at the history of the program. The most that was ever used was $300 million, so we keep $500 million in reserve. 
If the gentleman could explain to me why, then, for those who voted for the omnibus on your side of the aisle, would you make a larger, same amount, and the argument then to take that money in the omnibus but not now, why is it different? Why is it different when the taxpayers will save money into an account you cannot spend, you don’t have the legal authority to, and it is just sitting there, and it goes to the criteria of what you laid out, 1, 2, 3, or 4? The great thing about a rescission, this doesn’t have to be the only one. So if you want to work with us and you find areas that you want to find savings to the taxpayers, I will make myself available to have those meetings. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, is the majority leader aware of the fact, when he says that the rescission was cut or the CHIP was cut, is the gentleman aware of where that money went when it was cut, or—I would say it in a different way—reprogrammed to other items in the omnibus or in the LaborHealth bill in previous appropriations? Is the gentleman aware of the difference between the cut and the reprogramming of money for a different objective related to the appropriation that was included? I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, the answer is yes, because if you listened to what I said earlier, it went to HHS. But this is the point: Then the gentleman is acknowledging that you could not use that money for the CHIP program, so it is still sitting there. You do not have the authority for it. It is exactly what you said to me in a colloquy, just our last, that you will look at any account that is sitting there 1, 2, 3, all the way to 7 years. Mr. Speaker, I don’t understand the argument, if no child could be harmed, if the Republicans put it for 10 years, the longest it has ever been, you can’t use the money, and we leave a contingency fund there. If the gentleman wants to find a reason to get to ‘‘no,’’ I understand that. But I am of the belief I want to find a way to save money, and I don’t know what points the gentleman tries to bring up and say it is political. No. The whole time I have been in this House, I have always held to the belief: It doesn’t matter; we can find in any program waste. But this rescission program is about money that is sitting in accounts that you laid out that you said you would be more than willing to look at, and that is what we have done, and I hope you would be able to keep your word and vote for it. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman has not answered either one of my questions, A, whether there was a single red cent available in the Defense Department for rescission, because that money has been laying there 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 years. Is there a single red cent there? B, he did not answer the question whether or not this rescission will adversely impact the discretionary baseline for the 2019 budget. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I am sorry. Did the gentleman yield to me? On what point? Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I did yield to the gentleman about the single red cent, because all of this deals on the nondefense side of the budget, which is, by the way, the smallest part of the budget. The gentleman keeps saying we need to make sure we do these cuts. He wasn’t as concerned, apparently, about balancing our budget when he cut $1.8 trillion, $1.5 trillion—$1.8 trillion when you include the interest. I know they say it is going to pay for itself. I have been here a long time. They have said that before. It never has paid for itself. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman will not answer those two questions: Is there not a single red cent in the Defense budget; are they looking at the Defense budget to see whether or not we put money on the table that is either no longer necessary or has not been used for a significant period of time—that seems to be his rationale—or, secondly, whether or not it is going to have an adverse effect on the budget deal that was reached in terms of where the nondefense discretionary spending base will be for the 2019 budget. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me, and I will answer any question he has or any other reason why he finds a way you can’t save taxpayers money, but let me answer your questions. Since we don’t touch FY18 funds, it does not affect FY19 baseline. Secondly, I said earlier, the gentleman is a Member of this Congress. Rescissions do not have to be a one time offer. If you have any ability or any ideas, I am more than willing to work with you. I am more than willing to work in the future not just on that line, but others as well. b1215 Mr. HOYER. Is the gentleman aware that there are $95 billion of unobligated funds in the Department of Defense? I yield to the gentleman. Mr. MCCARTHY. That is great. Will the gentleman offer an amendment to the bill? Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I would ask the majority leader—he wants to do these rescissions. Congress usually does these. They do them in the appropriations process, and that is fine. Presidents have also done that. My question to him was: If you want to see rescissions, and—as he has quoted me over, and over, and over again—funds that are not necessary, not needed, not going to be spent, obviously, we will consider rescissions for those. However, what I have asked the gentleman is, you make the assessment. Very frankly, the first time we make a rescission suggestion on defense, he will stand up, or others on his side will stand up, and say: See, they are against defense. I am strongly for our national security, and I always have been. But I think it is perverse in the farm bill to look at people who need nutritional help. This CHIP program, if there is $500 million as he claims, and he is probably accurate—I don’t want to assess the gentleman’s saying something inaccurate—but clearly, these funds have been used for other issues almost annually by the Appropriations Committee. Mr. COLEwould say that. Mrs. LOWEY would say that. I would expect, Mr. Speaker, for both the President and the majority to propose where those $95 billion in unobligated funds might also add to his desire to make sure that taxpayers get some money back that is not being used. I yield to my friend and then we will conclude. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman used Congressman TOM COLE’s name, saying that he would say something. Congressman TOMCOLEis a cosponsor of the rescission bill. He is an appropriator, just as Congresswoman KAYGRANGER , Congressman TOMGRAVES . They are all on the Appropriations Committee, and they are all cosponsors of this bill because they want to continue to look to ways that you can save taxpayers money. I know we have gone around and around here. The question really ends to a philosophy. Can we find a place that we can save the taxpayers money, or can we only find the time that we will take that money when you can’t spend it and spend it someplace else? I believe we could take money that you cannot spend and give it back to the taxpayer. The gentleman brings up other areas. My door is open. I don’t want this to be the only rescission. I look for any department, any area in government that we could find savings that are left over, that are sitting there. Or let’s make it more accountable. Let’s find savings in the current process as well. I am all for that. But the one thing, Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to is voting ‘‘no.’’ That is the easiest thing to do on this floor. I can always find a reason why I am against a bill because something else was not in it. What is in this bill today is what my friend said in the last colloquy. His argument against having a rescission package was all based upon the omnibus. So he laid this out. Then we meet that criteria, and then he is going to lay another reason out. You cannot point to anywhere, CBO or any other place, where it states that the CHIP program is harmed. I am sure he was concerned about that, Mr. Speaker, when he voted against it three times, when he extended for 10 years. This isn’t about CHIP. It has nothing to do with it, because the CBO says it is all protected. We put a contingency 
fund in there greater than what was ever used in the history of the program. Mr. Speaker, what the real story here is: Can you take money and give it back to the taxpayers and save money, or do you always have to spend more in Washington? I think when the bill comes to the floor, the American people will get that answer. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman has mentioned numerous times that I voted against some of the bills that were offered on this floor, and he is right. He tries to make it as if I voted against the CHIP program. He knows that is not an honest representation, Mr. Speaker, any more than the chairman of the Armed Services Committee voting against one of those bills with me being against defense. I was against it, frankly, because the Speaker and the majority leader made a representation in September that we are going to solve a problem we have yet to solve. And I am sorry about that. I think it is wrong not to have solved it, and we were told we were going to have a solution to it. But the fact of the matter is, what I am saying is, the Republicans talked and talked mightily about deficit reduction and giving money back to the taxpayer. But if you break their bank, the money is going to be taken from our children. And so they passed a massive, $1.5 trillion tax bill, massive, and then they come here with nickelanddime programs and say they are going to give money back to the taxpayer. I am for giving money back to the taxpayer. I am not for doing it by creating additional debt for their children and their grandchildren. I think that is not only an intellectually bankrupt policy, but an immoral policy. But we are not going to resolve it today. I understand that. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. The gentleman just said nickeland dime programs. This will be the largest rescission in the history of this country. It is not nickels and dimes. It is the taxpayers’ money. If it is nickels and dimes to the taxpayers, I want to save those, just the same. But this is billions. The gentleman tries to make an argument that doesn’t hold. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman argues that CHIP could be in jeopardy. The CBO says that is not true. The press writes that it is not true. I cannot find anywhere that this program would be harmed. I listened to my friend on the other side explain why he voted against CHIP three times. His explanation is because he said there was a promise on the other side for some other bill to come to the floor. I can take him at his word, but my only question back to him would be: Then why does he vote for any bill? Shouldn’t he vote ‘‘no’’ on every bill that is on the floor then, if that is the protest? I don’t understand why he would take it out on the Children’s Health Insurance Program. I don’t understand why, when we had the opportunity and we were able to achieve it, he voted ‘‘no’’ to get the longest extension in a decade. Mr. Speaker, I know the American public will see through what is politics and what is policy and what is opportunity. Yes, we did pass a tax bill and, unfortunately, it was just one side that voted for it. Yes, our unemployment is the lowest it has been in more than 18 years. Our unemployment claims are the lowest they have been in 44 years. Two million more people are now in the workforce. If you go back, 9, 10 years, the participation rate in America was over 65 percent. Unfortunately, just a few years ago, it got all the way down to 62.7, the lowest it has been since 1978. But the good news is, it is on its way back up. The good news is, Mr. Speaker, millions of Americans got bonuses where they could fix their car, maybe buy that new washing machine. The better news is, Mr. Speaker, that the revenues into government are even higher—part of what the argument was on passing the tax bill. Mr. Speaker, it was even an excitement to watch President Trump sitting at Andrews Air Force Base watching three Americans get off an airplane that have been in prison in North Korea, released on the hopes that the war and the battle of North Korea against South Korea can end, and that the President has announced that he has a location and time for that meeting. Yes, the world looks brighter. But there are still places around the world that are not safe. And, yes, we did make an investment into the military that I am very proud of. I actually voted for that bill. People will say a lot of people negotiated. Some that negotiated didn’t vote for it in the end. So, Mr. Speaker, I try to listen to the other side and I take what they say very seriously. When I heard in our last colloquy that a rescission bill had to be made on those funds that have sat there for 1, 2, 3, and even 7 years, that is what we did. And I look forward to working on further bills in any department that anyone in this body would like to work on. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, this administration will have the largest deficit increase of any administration in history. They haven’t been here very long, so that is a prediction I make, and I am absolutely positive I am correct. They are now trying to bring that down, as I have said, by going after investments on the domestic side of the budget, both in the farm bill and in the rescission package. There are clearly rescissions that are justified and that the Appropriations Committee and administrations have made on a regular basis. When administrations have made them, almost invariably, the majority of the rescissions requested by the administrations—Democrat or Republican—have been rejected by the Congress of the United States. But I am hopeful, as the majority leader says, that we can reach bipartisan agreement on rescissions that, in fact, make sense. I would also hope we could reach some bipartisan agreement on solving issues that confront this country. The farm bill is a perfect example where it historically has been a bipartisan bill, Mr. Speaker. It is a partisan bill this year, as they made it the last time when Chairman LUCAS reported out a bipartisan bill and pleaded with his party not to make it a partisan bill. They made it a partisan bill and, of course, it failed in the Senate. It wasn’t even brought up in the Senate. The Senate did its own bill. So I would hope that the words of the majority leader about wanting to work in a bipartisan fashion will be realized with respect to all of these issues, including rescissions. And I would hope that we could perhaps have some rational policies to try to stem the extraordinary deficits that will inevitably be caused, as they have been in the past, by a tax cut bill that gave 83 percent of its benefits to the wealthiest in our Nation. Without further ado, Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LETTER CARRIERS’ STAMP OUT HUNGER FOOD DRIVE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today about an excellent event that will take place Saturday in communities throughout the Nation. The 26th annual Letter Carriers’ Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive is the country’s largest singleday food drive. It is the brainchild of the National Association of Letter Carriers in response to the need they saw every day on their routes. Letter carriers go into neighborhoods in every town at least 6 days a week, and they have a keen awareness of their neighbors in need. After receiving input from food banks and pantries, the letter carriers determined that late spring would be the best time for a food drive since by then most food banks in the country start running out of donations received during the Thanksgiving and Christmas holiday periods. Known for its distinctive blue plastic bags, the Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive provides nonperishable food to local food banks, shelters, and meal programs across the United States. One bag of food may seem small, but it goes a long way to stamp out hunger. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN PHIPPEN (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of John Phippen. John attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. John was the father of six and grandfather to one. His life revolved around his friends, children, and grandkids. John showed his true character the night of the Route 91 festival when he died while shielding a stranger with his body from the gunfire. John was a kind and gentle man who enjoyed the simple things in life. His favorite thing to do was spend time with his family and friends in the sand dunes at Lake Havasu or camping at the beach. Everyone who knew John remembers him for being a wonderful, selfless, and sweet man. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my condolences to John Phippen’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
b1230 A–29 SUPER TUCANO SUCCESS IN AFGHANISTAN (Mr. RUTHERFORD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the success of the A–29 Super Tucano lightattack combat aircraft in Afghanistan, a joint U.S. Air Force, NATO, and Afghan Air Force program. Starting in December of 2015, the 81st Fighter Squadron at Moody Air Force Base graduated the first class of Afghan A–29 pilots, and this April marked the 2year anniversary of these pilots’ first combat mission in Afghanistan, a remarkable milestone. As one U.S. Armed Forces commander stated: The A–29 combat mission in Afghanistan has been a game changer. The program’s success has drawn the attention of our allies with more than 14 air forces using the A–29 and over 320,000 flight hours and 40,000 combat hours. Even our own Air Force is currently conducting experimentation on adding this lightattack aircraft to the fleet. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of this contribution in part because, since 2011, the A–29 has been built in my district in Jacksonville, Florida, by a team of more than 1,000 U.S. employees, 60 percent of which, Mr. Speaker, are veterans. The A–29 is truly made in America and includes the support of more than 100 suppliers and subcontractors across 20 States. 
BIDDING FAREWELL TO CHARLIE DENT (Ms. SA´NCHEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, very shortly we will be losing a Member of the House of Representatives. CHARLIE  DENT, the gentleman from Pennsylvania, will be leaving this body. I would be remiss if I didn’t come to the floor and talk about his tremendous service to the House of Representatives. I had the honor and the privilege of serving with Mr. DENT on the Ethics Committee. Not that serving on the Ethics Committee is a great honor or a great privilege, but serving with him truly was. He is a man of integrity, a man who kept his word, a man who worked hard to get through the business at hand, somebody whom I could trust, and somebody with a really great sense of humor, which, in this body, is becoming a rarer and rarer thing. He is truly a likeable individual, somebody who took his job and his responsibilities seriously. And I want to wish him the best of luck in his future endeavors, and I want him to know that he will be sorely missed in this body. 
HONORING MAYOR JAMES FULLER (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of Mr. James F. Fuller, Sr., the longtime mayor of Ludowici in the First Congressional District of Georgia. Mayor Fuller worked in every area possible to serve the people of Ludowici. He began working for Ludowici as a police officer, then police chief, then finally water superintendent. Fortytwo years ago, Mayor Fuller was elected to his first term on city council. When he passed, he was completing his second term as the city’s mayor. Not only did he lend his hand to Ludowici but also to our Nation as a whole, serving in the Navy during the Korean war. A true public servant, Mayor Fuller was fulfilling his pledge as the city’s leading official up until the very last moments before his passing. Even in the hospital, he said he would never get tired of talking about Ludowici and doing what he can for the people there. Mayor Fuller passed away on April 27 at the age of 83. His family, friends, and the city of Ludowici are in my thoughts and prayers. 
REMEMBERING PATTY BIRKHOLZ (Mr. HUIZENGA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember a friend and former colleague, former State Senator Patty Birkholz. I join my colleagues and friends in Lansing today by wearing purple in her honor, as she was affectionately known as Purple Patty. Literally down to the ink pens that she used, everything was purple. Senator Birkholz was first elected to the State legislature in 1996, as the first woman from Allegan County in the western side of Michigan. Then she became the first female Republican speaker pro tempore. After that she was elected to the State senate, where she served two terms. Upon leaving the legislature, Senator Birkholz was appointed director of the Office of the Great Lakes by Governor Rick Snyder and as the Michigan representative to the Great Lakes Commission. President Barack Obama appointed Senator Birkholz to the National Sea Grant Advisory Board, a position she continued until she passed away. Senator Birkholz was a passionate advocate for Michigan’s natural resources and passed significant legislation, creating the Great Lakes Interbasin Compact, water withdrawal assessment laws, and ballast water standards that have affected all of the Great Lakes region. In 2010, a 291acre portion of the 1,000acre Saugatuck Dunes State Park was renamed the ‘‘Patricia Birkholz Natural Area’’ by the Michigan Department of Natural Resources and Environment. She was a friend and a colleague who fought hard for her beliefs. She was tough, she was compassionate, and she was a great legislator. She will be deeply missed. Blessings to her family as we mourn her loss. f 
FREED AMERICANS IN NORTH KOREA (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to offer a big welcome home to the three Americans who arrived early this morning back in the United States, in their words, the greatest Nation in the world, following their captivity in North Korea. I commend Secretary of State Pompeo for his work to secure the release of these Americans and to President Trump for resetting the negotiating dynamic that led to this day. If we were following the prior administration’s strategic patience, they would still be imprisoned. With the freeing of these Americans and the other recent developments on the Korean Peninsula, including what is reflected in this photo, both North and South Korea removing their respective propaganda speakers from the DMZ, one cannot help but recall the events of 1989, in Eastern Europe, and the thaw that resulted in the freeing of half a continent. Today’s homecoming is a positive step in achieving lasting peace, but we still have a long way to go. It is a 
shame that this could not have come to fruition in time for Otto Warmbier’s safe release. Let us hope that, with the forthcoming talks between the United States and North Korea, much more progress will be made. 
GODSPEED, CHARLIE DENT (Mr. SHUSTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, today we say farewell to a colleague and good friend, CHARLIE DENT, a dedicated public servant who served in the Pennsylvania House for 8 years, the Pennsylvania Senate for 6, and 14 years in the United States Congress. Again, a dedicated public servant. He is smart. He is tough. He is hardworking. He has a great sense of humor. But, most importantly, he has been a voice of reason here in the House of Representatives. He has worked extremely hard to represent the people of the 15th District over those past 14 years and done it with great honor and integrity. As Charlie leaves the House today, I say to my good friend: Chuck, we are going to miss you. Godspeed. 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW AND ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, MAY 11, 2018, TO TUESDAY, MAY 15, 2018 Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 11 a.m. tomorrow; and further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday, May 15, 2018, when it shall convene at noon for morning hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
PERMISSION FOR THE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS TO HAVE UNTIL 6 P.M. ON FRIDAY, MAY 11, 2018, TO FILE PRIVILEGED REPORTS Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Appropriations have until 6 p.m. on Friday, May 11, 2018, to file privileged reports to accompany measures making appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
FAREWELL TO THE CONGRESS AND THANK YOU TO MY CONSTITUENTS IN THE 15TH DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. DENT) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to give notice of my intent to resign from the United States House of Representatives on May 12 and to share a few words with my fellow Members and the American people. It has truly been an honor and privilege to serve the people of Pennsylvania’s 15th District, and I am proud of my time in Congress. I believe that I have made a difference and improved the lives of the constituents whom I have served in Pennsylvania: from serving on the House Homeland Security Committee and the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, which is being very ably led by my good friend from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER )—and his term is also coming to its end. I want to commend him and congratulate him on his dedicated service all these years—and to my current role as a senior member of the House Appropriations Committee, chairing the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies; and as past chairman of the House Ethics Committee. And I was delighted for my good friend LINDA SA´NCHEZ , who just spoke a few moments ago, serving with her. She was a wonderful partner on that committee. So much of the staff, some of whom are here in the Chamber today, I was so thrilled to be able to have that opportunity to work with her and the staff, who are all so professional. I also had the opportunity to serve as cochair of the Tuesday Group Caucus. I was very pleased with what we were able to accomplish in that role. And as a senior member of the Appropriations Committee, I fought to fulfill the basic functions of government, like keeping the government funded and preventing default on our Nation’s obligations. At times, that has not been easy. I see my good friend Mr. COLEis here, too. He has been a great appropriator, a great leader, and a great mentor to me. Unfortunately, due to disruptive political influences, increased polarization has led the Congress to becoming more paralyzed and unable to perform even our most basic and fundamental tasks. This phenomenon manifested itself most clearly during the 2013 Federal Government shutdown, but it continues today. This political polarization has led to a disturbing trend where fringe elements of both the far right and far left are emboldened and empowered. And while the bases of both political parties are well represented in Congress, the governing center has been under increased pressure. Too many Republicans expect unquestioning—blind, unquestioning— loyalty and obedience to President Trump, no matter how absurd or disruptive the comment or behavior. Constitutional separation of powers is almost an alien concept, after relentlessly demanding Congress assert its Article I powers during the Obama years. On the other side, far too many Democrats offer unflinching resistance and opposition to President Trump, even if they agree with him on a given policy or position. Separation of political parties has replaced separation of powers as a guiding, governing philosophy. This dynamic is simply not sustainable, and it is already having troubling consequences. We have already seen a rise in the threeheaded monster of isolationism, protectionism, and nativism. These are not qualities of a great nation. In fact, they dishonor the sacrifices and service of the Greatest Generation, who delivered both victory during World War II 
and the farsighted, outwardlooking, postwar, rulesbased order that has brought unprecedented freedom and prosperity to America and its friends, allies, and partners. Furthermore, traditional democratic values—the rule of law, freedom of press, an independent judiciary—are under unprecedented attack throughout much of the world. b1245 It is incumbent upon all of us to stand up and defend our way of life and our institutions. In Congress, we need to reestablish a strong, bipartisan governing center that will help restore order and stability to Washington and that will also help alleviate a lot of concerns throughout the country. To be sure, there are a number of Members working towards that goal: the members of the Tuesday Group, Republican Main Street Partnership, the Blue Dogs, New Democrats, Problem Solvers Caucus, and there are others. Many of these Members understand that consensus and compromise are not capitulation or surrender but, instead, are essential to a functioning republic. We need to pursue real fiscal reform, both on the mandatory side and the revenue side of the ledger. We need a SimpsonBowles 2.0, with teeth; and reforms must be bipartisan to ensure they are both durable and sustainable, which we know won’t happen on a partisan basis. Additionally, we need to address other challenges, such as how to increase access to and affordability for our Nation’s healthcare system, expanding educational opportunities for our children and our grandchildren, and making needed improvements to our infrastructure like so many around here are dedicated to, especially my friend Chairman SHUSTER . The administration must realize that America has to honor its agreements if we ever hope to enter into new ones. We simply cannot walk away from American commitments, even ones we may have voted against or disagreed with, if we expect to continue to build new coalitions and enter into new agreements. Instead, we should double down on the multilateral rulesbased order, whatever the flaws, that America worked so hard to establish after World War II by defending the institutions, alliances, and partnerships we established or helped establish: NATO, European unity, and, yes, a global trade regime through which we have advanced America’s economic, security, and strategic interests. We should look at ways to open new markets and expand new opportunities that unleash the power and benefits of the American free enterprise system. All of us, Republicans and Democrats, need to work together to move America forward as friends and partners who share values, ideals, and common interests. Whether confronting a revanchist, aggressive Russia; a terrorist, theocratic Iranian regime; or China’s mercantilist policies, success can only be achieved by finding strength in unity. And while I may be leaving the Halls of Congress, I am not retreating from the battlefield. Some of you may regret that. I intend to continue aggressively advocating for people and the policies of the sensible center. I hope to provide an even larger voice in favor of responsible governance and hope to foster a strong centerright movement that embraces traditional conservative virtues of order, discipline, stability, measured statements, and incremental change— not the incendiary rhetoric, chaos, and dysfunction that we have, unfortunately, grown accustomed to in recent years. Although my time in Congress is drawing to a close, I know that our Nation’s future is bright. Thank you, Mr. Speaker, and thanks to all my friends and colleagues, again, some of whom are here today. I thank them all, my friends and colleagues not only here in the House, but also in the Senate, for their support, their guidance, their wisdom, and their friendship over the years. It is truly very meaningful to me, and I have been especially touched by some of the very nice things people have said and other tributes that have been paid to me. My wife said, after she heard a few of them, she is kind of waiting to meet this guy that they are all talking about. But seriously, I can’t thank you enough. I also want to give a special thank you to all my staff, both past and present, for everything that they have done dutifully to serve our constituents in Pennsylvania and to my legislative and policy priorities. I should note, some of my staff are seated up in the gallery, past and present. I am not supposed to do that, but, hell, it is my last day, so I can do that. I just want to again thank the staff for their dedication and work, both my Washington and my district staff, who do a lot of work not just for me, but all of our staffs. They do a lot, and sometimes they take a lot of grief, and we don’t say thank you enough to them. But the bottom line is we could have never achieved as much as we did without their dedication and their commitment. And above all, thank you to the people of Pennsylvania’s 15th Congressional District for the trust they have shown in me time and again. I have always said I don’t know how many constituents would allow their Member the amount of latitude they have given me to be somewhat of an independent voice here and say what I felt needed to be said. I really appreciated my constituents allowing me to do that. I recognize in some districts that might not be case, so to them I say thank you again. After my family, representing them and carrying their voice to Washington has been the honor and joy of a lifetime. Mr. Speaker, I say thank you, and I yield back the balance of my time. A TRIBUTE TO SEAN PATRICK MURPHY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ESTES of Kansas). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE) for 30 minutes. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, the House is often described as a family, but it is a lot bigger than 435 Members. Our extended family, of course, includes the staff of the House and the staff of each and every Member; the Capitol Police who do such an extraordinary job of protecting all of us; the maintenance crews that make sure the facilities function, are open to the public; and, frankly, all those others who make the House of Representatives a very special place. I rise today, Mr. Speaker, to report what many of you already know, the loss of a member of that extended family, my longtime chief of staff, Sean Patrick Murphy. Sean has been a professional associate and friend of mine for 19 years. He was my chief of staff for 11 years, and, frankly, we both believed he would be the last chief of staff I would ever have. Sean Patrick Murphy left us, unexpectedly, in February. He had based his life on three things: his faith, his family, and his friends. Those people who were privileged to know Sean know that he was a very devout Catholic, and his faith was not something that was casual to him. It was something that he lived each and every day and carried out in each and every relationship that he had. Nothing was more important after his faith than his family. Sean Murphy was the consummate husband and father. He loved his family, and he lived a life of total dedication to them. His wife, Johannah, and his sons, Patrick, Peter, and Charlie, were fixtures that we all heard about in our office each and every day, particularly the boys because there would always be a funny story about what they happened to be doing at any given moment. Sean worked hard so Johannah could stay home and actually homeschool those three children, so they were an extraordinarily close group. And, finally, there were Sean’s friends. No one had more, no one, frankly, held his friends longer, and no one treasured them more than Sean. Because of that, if you happened to attend his funeral, you saw over 2,000 family and friends show up to remember this extraordinary man. As a person, Sean had all the wit, all the wisdom, all the decency of the Irish. He was a natural leader and a loyal colleague. People followed him because they trusted him. He was fair. He was decent. He was selfless. He always put others first. And if you sent spent a day with Sean Murphy, you were going to laugh. He made people laugh partly by laughing at himself. In all the years that I 
knew him and all the many capacities we dealt in together, I never had one other person come and complain to me about Sean—no constituent, no fellow staff member, no lobbyist, no member of another office. All of them thought they were his best friend. Now, he was pretty good at that and would give you a pretty good opinion later about whether they were really a friend or not, but the point is everybody that knew him liked him, and everybody believed that he liked them back. Sean’s lifelong profession, and, really, it began when he was quite young, was his passion for politics. He took it first as a volunteer, and then it did become the manner in which he lived his life. Now, his gentle nature hid an extraordinarily competitive personal spirit. Politics, I like to say, is an adult team sport, and Sean played it exceptionally well. He was astute in his judgment about people and about politics. In all the many issues we discussed over many years, both in terms of dealing with political campaigns and dealing with the politics of the House, itself, both on the floor and in our Conference, I never got a piece of bad advice from Sean. But with Sean, politics always had a purpose, and that purpose was always to achieve some greater good, some more important goal. He wasn’t just good at winning; he was good at governing. He, frankly, never sold out. He had plenty of opportunities to go and make a lot more money than I could have ever paid him, but he worked for principle. He always put his country and his party and people above anything that might benefit himself. And he believed in the things that he worked for, and he worked to make a difference in this country each and every day. Frankly, he cherished this institution above all else. He enjoyed not only the politics, but those rare moments of drama when great things happen on the floor of the House; and he made sure that any Member he worked for—and I wasn’t the only one—had an opportunity to impact those events thanks to his good advice, thanks to the wonderful staff that he built and created, and thanks to his shrewd strategy. All of us that knew him believed that he left us far too soon, but that is pretty presumptive, Mr. Speaker. Who are any of us to say something like that? God chooses the time that we come and the time that we go. How can you be bitter when your friend went to his bed, innocent and untroubled, and woke up in Heaven with our Lord and Savior? But God does allow us to miss him, and miss him we all will. He will be missed as a husband and a father and a friend. He blessed all of us with his life. And for me, in particular, Mr. Speaker, I will miss him for all my days. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1300 CALIFORNIA’S WATER SUPPLY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) for 30 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, we just heard a few moments ago a colleague of ours, Congressman CHARLIE DENT, who has served with great distinction and honor, a classmate of mine. I simply want to say that he is a role model for all of us in terms of how to legislate in a thoughtful and deliberative fashion, and to reach across the aisle in a way that I think is conducive to getting things done. He certainly is a great example of how we should all reflect in terms of our work here every day. We will miss him, and we wish him the best of luck in his next endeavors. Mr. Speaker, I also want to talk about the challenges that we face in California as it relates to our water needs. The San Joaquin Valley, that I have the honor and privilege to represent, is one of the largest agriculture regions in the entire country, and, therefore, the world. We grow half of the Nation’s fruits and vegetables, 70 percent of the world’s almonds, 50 percent of the world’s pistachios, the number one dairy State in the Nation, and the number one citrus State in the Nation. The list goes on and on and on, over 300 commodities that we have the ability to grow because of an incredible Mediterranean climate, and water, which is the crucible, because we like to say in the Valley that: Where water flows, food grows. Clearly, the ability to have water reliability is so essential to ensuring that we can continue to maintain our agricultural production, which every night puts food on America’s dinner table and, therefore, allows American consumers to have the healthiest, the best, nutritious quality of varieties of food and food products at the most economical cost to them and their families anywhere in the world. We are so good at it, in producing food, not only in California, but around the country, American agriculture, that I think sometimes Americans take it for granted, because less than 3 percent of our Nation’s population—as in California, less than 3 percent of our State’s population—is directly involved in the production of food and fiber. I sometimes feel that the majority of Americans believe that their food comes from a grocery store. Well, it doesn’t. I mean, you get it at the grocery store, or you get it at your favorite restaurants, wherever that may be. But before that food gets to the grocery store, or before it gets to those restaurants, it comes from farmers and ranchers and dairymen and women across this great land of ours, and certainly California plays a key role. We have had difficult, difficult drought periods in California. We had a 6year prolonged drought that reminded us that the climate continues to change. What impacts we, as people, have on the change of that climate is debated. But clearly we know that we have an impact, and it continues to change. Therefore, to be responsible, we have to plan to ensure that we have adequate water supplies to maintain our agricultural production, for it is the sustenance of life: water. Where water flows, food grows. It is so important, obviously, throughout the country, but critical in maintaining our incredible cornucopia of agricultural production in California. You should understand that 99 percent of our agriculture in California is irrigated. I have, for over 30 years, worked to strengthen the water reliability, not only in the San Joaquin Valley, but throughout California. In a State like California, where we have so many resources and so many cuttingedge technologies, in terms of efficient irrigation methodologies, drip irrigation and conserving and trying to figure out ways in which we can recharge our aquifers, we are using all of the water tools in the water toolbox. When I was in the California Legislature, I authored legislation to create the Kern County Water Bank. I led two successful water bond measures that provided more than $2 billion to improve California’s water system and provide for safe, reliable water drinking. We have places in California, and other parts of the country, where our groundwater has gotten contaminated. Therefore, we need to make adjustments to make sure that every American—every Californian—has clean drinking water. In Congress, I have secured approval for the Madera Irrigation District Water Bank, the San Luis Intertie, and the North Valley Regional Recycled Water Project, bringing hundreds and thousands of acrefeet to secure more water, a more reliable supply of water, for the San Joaquin Valley, but also for other parts of California, as well. If we cannot solve the water problems in California, I really am very concerned about the future of our Nation and our planet. Again, we don’t think about it, but food is a national security issue. It truly is. We take it for granted. We not only have the ability throughout the country, and in California, to produce enough food for every American, but we produce more than we can consume and, therefore, we export many of our food products throughout the world. But again, with the impacts of climate change, oceans rising, the planet that 2 years ago clicked 7 billion people, by the middle of the century will have 9 billion people. Guess what happens when you add 2 billion more people to the planet? You 
have to feed them. Therefore, food not only for America, but for the world, is a national security issue. But you can’t have that abundant supply of food, that reliable supply of food, unless you have a reliable supply of water. Let me give you some perspective. Two hundred years ago, we had 1.7 billion people on the planet. So, in 200 years, we have gone from 1.7 billion to 7 billion, and by the middle of the century it is estimated that there will be 9 billion people on the planet that, yes, will need food. Only if we have reliable water supplies can we ensure that we have that reliable supply of food. If we can’t figure out ways in which to manage our water resources in California—the fifthlargest economy now in the world, a cuttingedge State in technology—if we can’t solve our water problems in California, I am truly concerned about other parts of the world that depend upon reliable water supplies to feed their population. Throughout the years that I have been both here and in Sacramento, I have worked on a bipartisan basis to pass water infrastructure improvements for our Nation. The WIIN Act, that we passed some 2 years ago, was signed into law in December of 2016. It was part of an overall effort to provide solutions, using all the water tools in our water toolbox, that will make it more flexible to move water through California’s system of waterways—the SacramentoSan Joaquin River Delta System—in which we can have the flexibility, but still try to deal with the environmental concerns and maintain water quality for our cities, but also provide water for our farmers. In addition to that, provide to the State over $355 million for water infrastructure projects, including matching Federal funds for new surface storage in California: for the Temperance Flat project, for raising the San Luis Reservoir, for creating the Sites Reservoir, and for other important funding purposes in which a Federal authorization will allow us to match both State and local dollars. In all of my time in working to improve the lives of the people of the Valley that I have the honor and privilege to represent, rarely have I been presented with a project that has such obvious potential as the New Exchequer Dam that was built a number of years ago. The water that is currently impounded—actually, it is a dam that was built in the twenties and expanded in the late fifties—provides irrigation for an incredible amount of productive ag land in Merced County. It also allows for groundwater replenishment in many of the nearby communities, and it also provides environmental benefits for fisheries and wildlife refuges downstream from the dam. Recently, the Merced Irrigation District performed a detailed analysis of the hydrology of the watershed upstream from Exchequer Dam, which is the mountains that California has been blessed with—the incredible Sierra Nevada mountain range, over 600 miles in length, 150 miles in width, and mountains that go from 12,000 feet to 14,000 feet—that provides the snowpack for California. It is Mother Nature’s icebox for California. For those of you who are not from California, you should understand that we get all of our moisture in California from November to March. Above 4,000 feet or 5,000 feet, that rain turns to snow. Then, in the springtime, it melts. It comes down, and it fills our rivers and the reservoirs that we have on our rivers, and it allows us to have a supply of water throughout the summer. We don’t have any rain in the summer. Recently, this project, as an example, it was determined by the district, the Merced Irrigation District, that if we raised the spillway gates by 8 feet, that Lake McClure, behind this dam, could add an additional 57,000 acrefeet of water. Fiftyseven thousand acrefeet of water is a good additional supply, without impeding Merced’s wild and scenic river designation. We maintain that. But, at the same time, we add 57,000 acrefeet of water to the supply. That is important. However, to move forward with raising these spillway gates, the flood control and operations manual for Exchequer Dam must be updated, and that is the responsibility of the Army Corps of Engineers. You should understand that many of these water projects in California, and other States across the country, have multiple purposes. They not only supply water for people, they not only try to benefit the environment, but they also provide water for farmers. At the same time, many of these projects provide hydroelectric power, and they provide flood control protection. So, in this case, when you increase the spillway gates 8 feet, the Army Corps of Engineers has to modify the flood control manual so that when we have heavy storms and rains, as we did a year ago in California, we are able to operate the facility in such a way that also provides flood control protection. Unfortunately, the current manual that is in place was from 1959, when the dam was expanded the second time. Army Corps of Engineers policy requires that flood control manuals be updated, therefore, to reflect the new data and the changes to a project that would occur as a result of raising these gates. In 2017, the Merced Irrigation District wrote the Army Corps of Engineers, requesting a revision of the flood control manual. That is what this legislation that we are introducing will work on. The Army Corps indicated that they could not update the manual at the time, citing budgetary constraints. The Merced Irrigation District proposed to pay for the public process to update the flood control manual, to incorporate this new hydrological data, if, in fact, the gates were raised. The Army Corps responded by saying that it didn’t have the legal authority to accept funds for the purpose of a nonFederal Section 7 like this New Exchequer Dam, despite being able to do so for other Army Corps facilities. Thus, the NonFederal Reservoir Operations Improvement Act legislation that I have introduced would resolve this disparity by allowing the owners of a nonFederal reservoir, in this case, the Merced Irrigation District, that are regulated by the Army Corps to provide protection for flood control, to contribute the funds so that we can update the manual, so that we can, in fact, raise the gates 8 feet, which the Merced Irrigation District is going to pay for, along with their water users— that is how they pay for it—as well as paying the Army Corps of Engineers to update the flood control manual. b1315 Now, this sounds like a lot of common sense, doesn’t it? I think so. So that is the purpose of this legislation. It is part of a long effort that I have been engaged in to improve the water supply, the water reliability, the water quality, the environmental benefits for the challenges that we face in California as it relates to maintaining the water needs for a State that has 40 million people, the fifth largest economy in the country, the number one agricultural State in the Nation. So we know that with the growing demands, the competing demands on water, that crucible, the critical, absolute must resource to ensure that we can survive as people, so that where water flows, food will grow, that we can maintain the ability as a national security issue to ensure that all Americans have the kind of sustainable, good, quality, nutritious food that is so critical to our diet and to our well being, that is really what this is all about. This is a local project, but it is a part of a much larger effort that I have been engaged in with my colleagues on a bipartisan basis to address the needs, the longterm needs of California’s water supply. That is what is at the heart here. So we will continue to work together. I hope that this legislation will be enacted this year so that the Merced Irrigation District can be able to go ahead and plan and construct the increase of water supply for the needs of the people of Merced County and the surrounding area that will have a multitude of benefits. This is a part of an overall effort that I will continue to be engaged in in Merced County, in Madera County, and in Fresno County, throughout our valley and throughout our State to ensure that, in the long term, in the 21st century, we can count on the fact that we have a longterm water supply for all Californians that will allow us to continue to maintain our agricultural 
economy and, at the same time, provide water for people who live in the cities, improve our water quality, and ensure, at the same time, that we protect the environment. Those are the goals. It is complicated; it is complex; and it is never easy. Mark Twain supposedly was credited, over 100 years ago, with saying, having spent some time in the West, that it was clear to him that, when we talk about water and water resources and the incredible demands on those water resources, 100 years ago, supposedly Mark Twain said that, in the West, it was clear to him, ‘‘whiskey was made for drinking and water was made for fighting.’’ We hope that we won’t fight over our water resources but that we will work together on a bipartisan basis to solve these problems. That is what we are sent here to do: to work together on a bipartisan basis to solve a whole host of issues that we deal with. But it is very important that we focus, in this instance, on this legislation by passing a bill that makes a great deal of common sense. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is an important day for people who knew and loved the three individuals who were being held improperly by North Korea. They have now been released due to the negotiations with our prior colleague Mike Pompeo—our, now, Secretary of State—and also President Trump. It is interesting, Mr. Speaker, for those who have not spent a lot of time studying American history, they have not realized what a benefit it can be to have an American President who is deemed to be a person who cannot be properly accounted for. His actions may be of interest to foreign leaders. Frankly, I enjoy hearing people in other countries say they are just not sure what to make of President Trump. They are not sure if he is crazy; they are not sure if he might push the button to launch missiles; they are just— he is so unpredictable. But, actually, I think he is very predictable. The man knows how to negotiate. As I pointed out to him a couple of times, if you look through our history, people who were considered to be the most educated, some said the highest intellect, greatest intellectual ability—you have people like John Quincy Adams, who is a hero of mine because of his dedication to bringing an end to slavery. It didn’t happen during his 4 years of being President. It didn’t happen during his 16, 17 years in the House of Representatives, but he was so dedicated to his purpose that he materially affected the young freshmen who sat at the back of the room for 2 years, overlapping about a year with Adams before his fatal stroke on the House floor just down the hall. John Quincy Adams, when he was President, for all his education, intellectual ability, I mean, the man wrote books in German, loved the French language, read books in other languages like French and German, probably kept the best journal of anyone who was ever elected President, but he really didn’t accomplish much of anything at all when he was President. Some of that had to do with the election controversy surrounding that. Look at people like Woodrow Wilson, a former college president, supposedly high intellectual ability, but, yes, he did get us involved in World War I. He drug his feet. There were things that could have been done, but nobody had any concern worldwide for Woodrow Wilson. He was considered very predictable, and it got us into some trouble because people didn’t think he had the nerve to stand up when it was needed. Jimmy Carter was touted as being some sort of nuclear engineer, went to the Naval Academy, but the fiascos in which he was involved as President showed a man who was a nice man but rather inept when it came to foreign affairs. Obviously, the Iranians had no fear of him. He had such poor judgment that he encouraged the removal of the Shah of Iran. Not a nice man, but he was an ally. And Carter didn’t have the foresight to see, kind of like President Obama when he was dealing with Qadhafi—Obama with Qadhafi, Carter with the Shah of Iran, they figure: Well, he is not a nice guy, so we will run him off. We will encourage him being run off. In the case of Qadhafi, if it weren’t for Obama’s planes and the missions to take out those defending Qadhafi, Qadhafi would probably still be in charge in Libya, and ISIS and alQaida elements would not have gained the incredible foothold they have had. There wouldn’t be the chaos there is today in Libya. President Obama was touted as being of high intellectual capacity, yet just one fiasco after another when it came to foreign affairs as we have seen in the news recently, President Obama’s efforts to get $100 billion to $150 billion, some of it on pallets with just cash, American dollars on pallets with forklifts, moving those from the United States into the hands of the Ayatollah Khamenei and his bloodthirsty religious zealots in Iran, the biggest supporter of terrorism in the world. So deemed to be an intellectual President Obama was, and yet just incredible malfeasance when it came to foreign relations. People were not afraid of him. It was interesting to see polls, while President Obama was our Chief Executive Officer, showing that, although nations where Muslims were the majority, they didn’t have much respect for President George W. Bush, but there were polls indicating that they had even less respect for President Obama. How could that be? They didn’t see him as being very decisive. Indicative of that was, when he drew a line in the sand, had a red line, and Syria crossed that line, he did nothing about it, in essence. So that encouraged our enemies. I know there are those who said that things that happened at Guantanamo Bay, Abu Ghraib, other places, actually hurt America badly because it inflamed our enemies, whereas, actually, nothing inspires our enemies like the showing of weakness. As President Reagan once said: Of all the wars that occurred during my lifetime in which America was involved, none of them occurred because America was too strong. 
So when other nations perceive weakness, it is provocative, and that is what has happened in our 200plusyear history. If we are perceived as being weak, it is provocative. President Obama oversaw a number of such weak, provacative incidents. Some weren’t weak, they were just foolish, like encouraging the taking out of Qadhafi. He was not a good man, had blood on his hands from back in the 1980s, and yet when President George W. Bush sent troops into Iraq, Qadhafi had an epiphany and invited us to come in and tell him what weapons he could keep and what he had to get rid of because he was afraid that he would be the next nation to be invaded. When it comes to North Korea, President Clinton, educated in what are considered by some to be quite elite schools, Ivy League schools, and yet he oversaw, as President, negotiations with North Korea. This is just a rather short summary, but basically Madeleine Albright as Secretary of State and President Clinton’s approach to North Korea was: Look, we will make sure that you get all the nuclear material you need to make nuclear weapons; we will make sure you get all the technology you need to create nuclear weapons. b1330 We will get you in a better situation as far as the ability to have nukes than you could ever have possibly done on your own. And all we ask in return, in essence, is you sign a document saying that you won’t use the technology and the materials to make nuclear weapons. I can just envision the glee, the celebrations behind the scenes in North Korea over how crazy and foolish American leaders are, during the Clinton administration, because they are going to give us everything we need to have nuclear weapons, and all we have got to do is put a signature on a document. Then we saw history repeat itself when John Kerry played the role of Madeleine Albright, this time with Iran; and, of course, we did have 
Wendy, who was so helpful in getting North Korea what they needed to make nuclear weapons, had her as the lead negotiator, with John Kerry, with Iran, to make sure Iran had an agreement that would enable them to have nuclear weapons. And if they lived up to every part of the agreement, this disastrous agreement, as President Trump described it repeatedly during the election and since, they would still have nuclear weapons in 10 years from when the agreement started. We know—and I went down to the SCIF and reviewed things there. It shouldn’t have been classified. It should have been available for the whole country to read. Eventually it was available. But it appeared very clear that the agreement that was enabled by Senator CORKER , yes, he is a Republican, but just wasn’t familiar enough with the Constitution as he needed to be, because he thought you could take a treaty, which the Iran deal definitely was because it modified other treaty terms, and you can’t do that unless it is in a treaty. The Constitution requires that a treaty is not valid, a deal such as the Iran agreement, until it is confirmed by twothirds of the Senate. And I am not saying anything that we didn’t say back at the time. I was trying to get the Senate to wake up; that you can’t ratify a treaty, which the Iran agreement is, unless you have twothirds of the Senators voting to ratify, confirm the agreement. Without twothirds voting in support of the agreement, there is no agreement. All you have is something on paper that might as well be a memo. But they acted like it was a deal, and that is why President Obama and John Kerry made sure that the Ayatollah, these radical Islamists that want to end America’s existence on the planet as a country in which there is selfrepresentation through a Republican form of government—yet they sent $100 billion to $150 billion in cash. And my friend STEVE KINGfrom Iowa, D ANA ROHRABACHER , it may have been somebody else, but we went and met with the two lead inspectors in Iran from the International Atomic Energy Agency, the IAEA people talk about so much. Oh, yeah, we can be comfortable that the Iran deal is a great deal because those inspectors are carefully inspecting the facilities and any nuclear efforts in Iran. I even heard one of my friends, whom I have a great deal of respect for, on FOX News this week, saying that: Look, you can’t do anything with nuclear material without being detected because there are isotopes that are easily detectable, so the Iranians can’t do anything in the way of creating nuclear weapons, moving nuclear material, without us knowing. I am not sure the source for those comments, but I am sure of the source of my comments. I was asking the two lead inspectors of Iran with the IAEA: Gee, we just sent $100 billion or more to Iran. If Iran were to take some of that money, or all of it, and buy ready made nuclear weapons from Pakistan, which has them, from North Korea, can you guarantee us that they could not get those nuclear weapons into Iran without your knowing? And the answer was: Of course we cannot guarantee that. In fact, I was told that the IAEA could set up detection equipment in Iran, say, at an airport or wherever, but they could not set up the detection equipment anywhere without Iran knowing exactly where the detection equipment was; and unless Iran was foolish enough to either bring nuclear material or a nuclear weapon right beside their detection equipment, then no, they would have no way to know whether Iran was bringing nuclear weapons or even nuclear material into Iran. So I am not sure where this other information comes from, that you can’t do anything with nuclear material or weapons without the IAEA knowing, because that is news to the IAEA. They don’t know what they don’t know, but they know that they don’t know if somebody is trying to evade their detection equipment. It is that simple. So when you have an agreement with people who go out before, after, and during the negotiations and stir up crowds with chants like ‘‘Death to America,’’ and you tell people in your country that you want to see America gone, that it is the Great Satan, Israel is the Little Satan, you want them both wiped off the map, wiped off the face of the Earth, you want any evidence that we ever existed eliminated, then you are dealing with a country that cannot be trusted. Whether you call the radical Islamic leaders in Iran crazy, or just dogmatic jihadists, either way, they are a threat to America. And you send them money, they are likely going to spend it in a way that hurts America, kills Americans, kills Israelis, and makes Iran more dominant in the world. So all of us who took an oath to support and defend the United States Constitution, if we are sending money to Iran, my opinion, we are grievously violating that oath because they are going to do all they can to subvert our Constitution and, they hope, be able to wipe us out. Of course, one of their points that was discussed in their Philadelphia meeting over 25 years ago—the FBI had evidence of the meeting and evidence of the things, their goals, what they wanted to accomplish. Well, one of their goals, over 25 years ago, these radical Islamists in America—one of their goals was to subvert the U.S. Constitution to sharia law. They believed the easiest way to subjugate the U.S. Constitution to their radicalized version of sharia law was to get—either through the courts, through the legislature, or through the U.N., and force countries to adopt what the U.N. passed as criminal laws in their own countries. There are people here who keep advocating for that. But get a law passed, one way or another, that, in essence, says you cannot say anything negative about radical Islam, and make that a crime, punishable by jail, prison, fine. So we have been moving that way; that is, in essence, what hate crimes are. Hate crimes, as I said back in 2007, ‘08, ‘09, when we were bringing this issue up, I said, really, you don’t need a hate crime statute. We were told: Oh, yes, you do, because look at what happened outside of Jasper, Texas. Well, that is just south of my district. None of the people involved were constituents. But when I heard about what happened, three White men took an African American, had him drug behind their truck, tortured the poor man to death, I wouldn’t have a problem if Texas passed a law that said, in a situation like that, somebody is found guilty; then the victim’s family, in that case, the Jasper victim, have their family select the manner that the defendant is to be drug and the terrain over which he is to be drug, and who will be dragging him across that terrain. If we passed a law like that, basically, capital punishment, with a different way of inflicting the capital punishment, I would not object. It is so outrageous what those three defendants did. But the ridiculous remedy that is proposed here in Congress was: We will fix that situation by providing punishment for hate in somebody’s heart, and we will be able to sentence you to life in prison. There is no death penalty for any Federal hate crime. Actually, this is how ludicrous the law was that was passed here in Congress. If someone were being tried for a hate crime because of the physical assault on someone else, the defendant would be totally, completely exonerated and held not guilty if he raises a reasonable doubt that, no, no, I didn’t choose somebody because of their race, gender, any type of group they were part of. No, I just wanted to arbitrarily kill somebody, abuse somebody. I didn’t care what group they were part of. Under the Federal law, that person would have to be acquitted of the Federal hate crime because they chose their victim randomly, or at least raised reasonable doubt that they may have chosen the victim randomly so they are not guilty of this heinous crime. Whereas, under Texas law, if you harm somebody, it is not nearly as important the feelings you have in your heart as what you did. And under Texas law, the two most culpable defendants in that case, in my opinion, properly got the death penalty, and the least culpable person got life in prison. So this case, which was heralded as the great poster case for why we need a 
Federal hate crime, actually would diminish the punishment that the defendants in a hate crime case would get. They couldn’t get the death penalty anymore. Oh, no; they will get life in a Federal prison instead of death under Texas law. We did not need that hate crime. And as I said years ago when this bill was being pushed, ultimately, what this hate crime bill will be used for is to punish Christians, Christian ministers, for reading verses directly out of the Bible, as has been done in Congress, in the House and Senate since the very beginning of this Nation. b1345 And now we are starting to see it being used as a threat against Christians. We hear more and more people say the biggest hate group threat is Evangelical Christians. Well, if they are real Christians, they cannot have hate in their heart for others, and yet they are being called the biggest threat as potential hate criminals. It needs to be changed. We need to punish people for what they do wrong, and not whether or not they had some improper thought in their head. But I am grateful that countries look at Donald Trump the way they looked at Ronald Reagan, because it is helpful historically. ‘‘Saturday Night Live,’’ seems like I recall Reagan’s character being portrayed as walking around with a finger out wanting to push the red button so he could launch missiles with nuclear weapons on them, and the world said: Wow, this Reagan guy is really crazy. It is invaluable for foreign leaders to not be sure about the American President, because that gives them more negotiating power. It is kind of like a great poker player, except that Donald Trump indicates clearly he doesn’t bluff. And as he pointed out to North Korea, he is not bluffing. And though he would rather not take the actions that are required, he will take them, and I believe he will, and apparently Kim Jongun believed he would as well. So if you look historically, Teddy Roosevelt has his Navy go around the world. People are going: This guy is crazy. Look, he just sent his Navy around the world. You don’t know what this guy is going to do. Run up San Juan Hill? Who knows? This guy is a little bit crazy. And it always was helpful in foreign relations. Now, Khrushchev took the measure of John F. Kennedy, very intelligent man, who wanted to protect America, but he was not decisive in his early days. Khrushchev scared him out of following through on his promise to provide air cover to those going into Cuba to try to eliminate Castro. Scared him off. Backed him off of his promise to provide him air support. So people were killed who were relying on President Kennedy’s promise. President Kennedy gave a speech and said, in essence: We are not going to let anybody build a wall and wall off part of Germany, Eastern Europe. And it was just, as I recall, a couple of weeks or so before Khrushchev ensured that the bricks were being laid and the wall was started. They had a meeting in Vienna, and President Kennedy told people he didn’t do well in the negotiating, that Khrushchev scared him and he didn’t represent America well. Well, that is not going to happen to Donald Trump. He is not going to go to into a negotiation with Kim Jongun or the Ayatollah or anybody else and go in and come back out as President Kennedy did and confide: Wow, I really showed weakness. I didn’t do a good job. He scared me. That is not going to be our problem under President Donald Trump, and our country is going to be better off because of it. So I applaud President Trump for rightfully taking the step to discount and discontinue the farce that was the Iran treaty. It was not properly ratified. And even though I wish we had had President Trump in place to stop the hundredplus billion dollars that President Obama and John Kerry sent to the biggest suppliers of terrorism, no doubt that money will be used or has been used to kill Americans, but there is a new sheriff in town, and President Trump is going to make sure that doesn’t happen again. God bless him for stopping the Iranian farce. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
AGGREGATES , ALLOCATIONS , AND OTHER BUDG ETARY LEVELS OF THE FISCAL YEAR 2019  
n.a. = Not applicable because annual appropriations acts for fiscal years 2020 through 2028 will not be considered until future sessions of Congress. 
ALLOCATION OF SPENDING AUTHORITY TO THE HOUSE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS 
OT ¥4 ¥41 Adjustment for Enacted Legislation BA 0 0 OT 0 0 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 3210. An act to require the Director of the National Background Investigations Bureau to submit a report on the backlog of personnel security clearance investigations, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled joint resolution of the Senate of the following title: 
S.J. Res. 57. Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to ‘‘Indirect Auto Lending and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 49 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, May 11, 2018, at 11 a.m. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1026. A bill to revise the authorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Minnesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to connect with the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–667). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 3746. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to clarify the authority of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection with respect to persons regulated by a State insurance regulator, and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 668). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Mr. MCKINLEY , and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON of Texas): H.R. 5745. A bill to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to direct Federal research in fossil energy and to promote the development and demonstration of environmentally responsible coal and natural gas technologies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. AGUILAR (for himself, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. VEASEY , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. SERRANO , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. B EN RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. FUDGE , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. R USH, and Mr. CARBAJAL ): H.R. 5746. A bill to amend the Cyber Scholarship Program of the Department of Defense to require additional considerations in the award of scholarships and grants under the Program; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. HUDSON (for himself, Mr. HOLDING , Mr. T AYLOR , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. CASTOR of Florida, and Mr. PETERS ): H.R. 5747. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income compensation of members of the Armed Forces assigned to special operations forces who serve in support of certain operations combating terrorism; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 5748. A bill to deauthorize portions of the project for raising and improving existing levees on the Walluski River in Clatsop County, Oregon; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. HULTGREN: H.R. 5749. A bill to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to increase the risksensitivity of the capital treatment of certain centrally cleared options, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself and Mr. GOSAR ): H.R. 5750. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to impose ebonding requirements on certain nonimmigrant visa applicants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah (for himself, Mr. CURTIS , Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. STEWART ): H.R. 5751. A bill to redesignate Golden Spike National Historic Site and to establish the Transcontinental Railroad Network; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 5752. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to the importation of certain drugs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. C LAY, Ms. DEGETTE , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. POCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. SOTO, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. MCNERNEY , and Ms. N ORTON ): H.R. 5753. A bill to modify the requirements applicable to locatable minerals on public domain lands, consistent with the principles of selfinitiation of mining claims, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. S HERMAN , and Mr. CHABOT ): H.R. 5754. A bill to promote free and fair elections, political freedoms, and human rights in Cambodia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in 
addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CULBERSON (for himself and Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas): H.R. 5755. A bill to authorize community development block grants for providing tools, equipment, and other resources; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 5756. A bill to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to adjust certain resubmission thresholds for shareholder proposals; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida (for herself and Mr. KEATING ): H.R. 5757. A bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to expand the permissive exclusion from Federal health programs to include certain individuals with prior interest in sanctioned entities and entities affiliated with sanctioned entities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 5758. A bill to direct the United States Postal Service to designate a single, unique ZIP Code for Fairlawn, Virginia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. KHANNA (for himself, Mr. RATCLIFFE , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. RUSSELL , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. RASKIN , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. HUNTER , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. C URTIS ): H.R. 5759. A bill to improve executive agency digital services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. KIND (for himself, Mr. NORMAN , Mr. MEEKS , and Mr. D ENT): H.R. 5760. A bill to provide for congressional review of the imposition of duties and other trade measures by the executive branch, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI (for himself, Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. RYANof Ohio, Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. NORTON , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. COHEN , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. HANABUSA ): H.R. 5761. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to submit to the Congress on a biennial basis a national plan to reduce the rate of maternal mortality; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself and Mr. KINGof New York): H.R. 5762. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize a Joint Task Force to enhance integration of the Department of Homeland Security’s border security operations to detect, interdict, disrupt, and prevent narcotics, such as fentanyl and other synthetic opioids, from entering the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L EE, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. M CNERNEY, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. S CHIFF , and Ms. N ORTON): H.R. 5763. A bill to implement the Agreement on the Conservation of Albatrosses and Petrels, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico (for himself, Mr. FORTENBERRY , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY  of New York, and Ms. PINGREE ): H.R. 5764. A bill to amend the Agricultural Risk Protection Act of 2000 to require peer review for valueadded agricultural product market development grants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Ms. NORTON (for herself and Mr. RUPPERSBERGER ): H.R. 5765. A bill to amend the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 to extend the availability of identity protection coverage to individuals whose personally identifiable information was compromised during recent data breaches at Federal agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. PAYNE (for himself and Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ): H.R. 5766. A bill to improve the security of public areas of transportation facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. POLIS (for himself and Mr. MESSER ): H.R. 5767. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Education to award grants to establish teacher leader development programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. REED (for himself and Ms. DEGETTE ): H.R. 5768. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve access to diabetes outpatient selfmanagement training services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROTHFUS (for himself and Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois): H.R. 5769. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to expand access under the Medicare program to addiction treatment in Federally qualified health centers and rural health clinics; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 5770. A bill to direct the Attorney General to amend certain regulations so that practitioners may administer not more than 3 days’ medication to a person at one time when administering narcotic drugs for the purpose of relieving acute withdrawal symptoms; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself and Mr. CUELLAR ): H.R. 5771. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the deduction for charitable contributions as an abovetheline deduction; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. THORNBERRY: H.R. 5772. A bill to designate the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse’’; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. ARRINGTON (for himself, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. GIANFORTE ): H.J. Res. 134. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to limit the number of terms an individual may serve as a Member of Congress; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California: H. Res. 886. A resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the Brooke rule is essential to ensuring affordable rent levels for families receiving Federal rental assistance; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. FASO (for himself and Mr. COURTNEY ): H. Res. 887. A resolution supporting the designation of May as ‘‘National Lyme Disease Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mrs. DEMINGS: H. Res. 888. A resolution reaffirming support for increased media diversity, expressing support for the recognition of the month of May as ‘‘Media Diversity Month’’, and encouraging appreciation, awareness, and support for small, independent, diverse, and local media entities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (for herself, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. ELLISON , Mr. S OTO, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. LEWIS of Georgia): H. Res. 889. A resolution recognizing the commencement of Ramadan, the Muslim holy month of fasting and spiritual renewal, and commending Muslims in the United States and throughout the world for their faith; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. JOYCE of Ohio (for himself, Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Ms. KAPTUR ): H. Res. 890. A resolution recognizing the National Association of Letter Carriers’ one day food drive; to the Committee on Agriculture. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
196. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Hawaii, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 220, urging Congress and the Federal Communications Commission to codify a definition of the ‘‘Public Interest Standard’’ for the broadcasting industry; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 197. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Hawaii, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 109, urging the President of the United States and the United States Congress to grant full veterans benefits to Filipino veterans who fought in World War II but were subsequently denied the benefits to which they were entitled; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 5745. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 5746. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HUDSON: H.R. 5747. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Amendment.l6. ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration’’ By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 5748. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. HULTGREN: H.R. 5749. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 5750. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Section 5 of Article I Section 8. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 5751. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3 By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 5752. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section. 8, Clause 3—‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’ By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 5753. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3 By Mr. YOHO: H.R. 5754. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. CULBERSON: H.R. 5755. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. DUFFY: H .R. 5756. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida: H.R. 5757. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 5758. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KHANNA: H.R. 5759. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section IX, clause VII, of the United States By Mr. KIND: H.R. 5760. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3—‘‘the United States Congress shall have power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations’’ By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI: H.R. 5761. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 5762. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VII, Clause 3 By Mr. LOWENTHAL: H.R. 5763. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico: H.R. 5764. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5765. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. PAYNE: 
H.R. 5766. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 3—Congress has the ability to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 5767. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. REED: H.R. 5768. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. ROTHFUS: H.R. 5769. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 5770. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 5771. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution By Mr. THORNBERRY: H.R. 5772. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution Article I, Section 8, Clause 9 (To constitute Tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court) By Mr. ARRINGTON: H.J. Res. 134. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article V (Article 5—Mode of Amendment) The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, as Part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States, or by Conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 3: Mr. S CALISE . H.R. 35: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 173: Mr. HURDand Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 203: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 233: Ms. LOFGREN and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. H.R. 237: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 548: Mr. PAULSEN . H.R. 869: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 980: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 1046: Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 1048: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 1078: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 1142: Mrs. BLACKBURN and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. H.R. 1205: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 1212: Mr. KINDand Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 1270: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 1276: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California and Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1305: Mr. YOHO. H.R. 1318: Mrs. COMSTOCK and Mr. V ISCLOSKY . H.R. 1322: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama and Mr. SIRES. H.R. 1358: Mr. GOMEZ . H.R. 1409: Mr. RUSHand Mr. G OWDY . H.R. 1622: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 1683: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 1772: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 1828: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 1881: Mr. RUSSELL , Mr. G AETZ , and Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1972: Mr. CRAWFORD . H.R. 2076: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 2147: Mr. KILDEE . H.R. 2234: Mr. SCHIFF . 
H.R. 2369: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2570: Mr. ROHRABACHER . H.R. 2591: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 2623: Mr. GIBBS. H.R. 2640: Mr. TAKANO and Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2803: Mr. LANCE and Mr. N ORMAN . H.R. 2845: Ms. DEGETTE . H.R. 2856: Mr. RENACCI and Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 3030: Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. COSTA , Ms. L EE, and Mr. G ARRETT . H.R. 3032: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3160: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 3331: Mrs. BLACKBURN and Mrs. H ANDEL. H.R. 3409: Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. H.R. 3528: Mrs. HANDEL . H.R. 3605: Mr. KIND, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. WELCH , and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . H.R. 3613: Mr. CORREA . H.R. 3832: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 3931: Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H.R. 3940: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 4114: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 4253: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 4256: Mr. LAMBORN and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4275: Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 4284: Mrs. BLACKBURN and Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 4345: Mr. KIHUEN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. CALVERT , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , and Mr. D UNN. H.R. 4391: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4472: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 4571: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 4606: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4680: Mr. SOTO, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 4682: Mr. BACON . H.R. 4684: Mrs. HANDEL . H.R. 4691: Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 4760: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 4841: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 4881: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4897: Miss RICEof New York, Mr. PETERSON , and Ms. S HEAPORTER . H.R. 4941: Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 4953: Mr. GOMEZ and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 4983: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 5001: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 5038: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 5060: Mr. LANCE , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. F ASO, and Ms. R OSLEHTINEN . H.R. 5102: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 5105: Mr. GUTHRIE . H.R. 5132: Mr. BIGGS, Mr. W OMACK , Mr. MACARTHUR , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana, Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. LOBIONDO , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. HARRIS , Mr. H UNTER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. WALKER , Mr. C OLE, Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. HILL. H.R. 5138: Mr. SHIMKUS . H.R. 5153: Mr. ROUZER , Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 5171: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER and Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 5223: Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. CLARKE of New York, and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 5251: Ms. GABBARD . H.R. 5353: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 5358: Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. P ALAZZO , and Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 5385: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 5424: Ms. CHENEY . H.R. 5435: Mr. GIANFORTE . H.R. 5460: Mr. LANCE and Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5467: Ms. MOORE and Mr. K ILDEE . H.R. 5524: Mr. BARTON . H.R. 5531: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 5573: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 5600: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5634: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5640: Mr. COMER . H.R. 5674: Mrs. RADEWAGEN , Mr. R UTHER FORD , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. W EBSTER  of Florida, Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Ms. SINEMA , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. BILIRAKIS , Miss G ONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. DUNN, Mr. A RRINGTON , Ms. K USTER  of New Hampshire, Mr. BOST, and Mr. C OFFMAN. H.R. 5677: Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 5681: Mr. GARRETT . H.R. 5684: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 5693: Mrs. RADEWAGEN . H.R. 5698: Mr. DUNNand Mr. F ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5710: Mr. JEFFRIES and Mr. T HOMPSON  of Mississippi. H.R. 5728: Ms. NORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 5736: Mrs. HANDEL . H.J. Res. 129: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H. Res. 401: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H. Res. 785: Mr. PALLONE , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. GOSAR , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. CULBERSON , Mr. B ACON , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. H. Res. 835: Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H. Res. 861: Mr. KHANNA . H. Res. 881: Mr. GIBBS, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, and Mr. K INGof Iowa. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 60: Mr. Y OHO. H.R. 1468: Ms. MCSALLY . H. Res. 774: Mr. CRAWFORD . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2599 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MAY 10, 2018 No. 76 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 