Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the heroic efforts of Suwannee County Sheriff’s Deputy Troy Wadford earlier this month. On June 4, Deputy Wadford was off duty and traveling with his family when he witnessed a horrible car accident. He immediately took action and administered aid to one of the drivers who was pinned in an overturned car. His quick thinking and response saved Destiny Romine that day. As you can see here, Destiny is on the road to recovery because of Deputy Wadford. Even when our law enforcement personnel are off duty, they carry out their commitment to protect and serve. They jump into action and they put their lives on the line to keep us safe, and for that, we will all be forever grateful. I thank Deputy Wadford and all those who wear the badge. His actions reflect great credit on the Suwannee County Sheriff’s Office and exemplify the best in America. f 
HIGHLIGHTING KCF TECHNOLOGIES (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight one of my district’s most innovative businesses, KCF Technologies. KCF Technologies is an employee owned technology company located in State College, Pennsylvania. Their passion is using technology to make the things we live and work with smarter. Part of KCF’s work focuses on improving the lives of our wounded warriors through selfpowered prosthetic devices. These selfpowered prosthetic limbs capture energy when the individual is walking and uses that energy to recharge the prosthesis. KCF Technologies has created many of these innovative devices thanks to research funded by the U.S. Army Telemedicine & Advanced Technology Research Center and the National Science Foundation. Today, KCF Technologies is at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center to demonstrate its newest prosthetic technology. These electromechanical devices make life better for not just our wounded servicemembers, but for amputees of every age and in every walk of life. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of this company, and I look forward to the new innovations KCF Technologies will produce in the future. 
IMMIGRATION HERITAGE MONTH (Mr. CURBELO of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, Saturday marks the end of Immigrant Heritage Month, an annual tradition dedicated to celebrating the contributions immigrants have made to communities all across the country. Our Nation was founded by immigrants. The very existence of our entire democracy, of this institution, is the result of compromise and consensus by the descendants of immigrants, and today our Nation continues to owe a great debt of gratitude to the contributions of more recent arrivals who are an essential part of daily life, our economy, and our society. I had hoped we would be able to close out this celebration with the news that, for the first time in a long time, Congress had come together to fix our broken, inefficient, unfair immigration system. Instead, a bipartisan majority decided to double down on the status quo: a porous border, uncertainty for the victims of a broken immigration system, and continued division between Americans over the issue of immigration. Despite this setback, I am hopeful that, working with any colleague that is willing to do so in this House, I and other Members can find a solution to this broken immigration system and, in doing so, help heal our country’s politics. 
HONORING PRIDE MONTH (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, this week marks the 49th anniversary of the Stonewall riots in New York City, where, on June 28, 1969, a group of bar patrons led by transgender women of color began to fight for LGBTQ equality. Over nearly 50 years, the LGBTQ community has celebrated many historic victories. In fact, just yesterday, we celebrated the third anniversary of marriage equality becoming the law of the land nationwide. However, while we celebrate LGBTQ Pride Month, it is important to remember we still have a long way to go. In most States, LGBTQ individuals can still get kicked out of their housing, be refused service from restaurants and other businesses, or lose their jobs simply for being who they are. The Equality Act would end this injustice by extending civil rights protections to LGBTQ individuals nationwide. I am a proud sponsor of the Equality Act and urge Speaker RYAN to bring this commonsense bill to the House floor for a vote. FOURTH OF JULY (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, 242 years ago, our Founders gathered in Philadelphia to launch an experiment in selfrule that has led to the greatest country the Earth has ever seen. Our founding happened in the time of history in which the understanding of the nature of the human person and the source of the human person’s rights reached a new level. ‘‘We hold these truths to be selfevident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness’’—Godgiven rights that no one can take away. This is a transcendent principle that applies to all people for all time. It is the fundamental principle on which Abraham Lincoln relied as he fought to end slavery. The notion of Godgiven, unalienable rights that no government or majority can take away is as true today as it was in 1776 and 1861. This Fourth of July, let us recommit to the principles of our founding and continue to work to ensure that all Americans realize the vision of our Founders. That, Mr. Speaker, is an idea that can lead to greater unity in our country. f 
FUTURE PROBLEM SOLVERS (Mr. COMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an inspiring group of middle school students from Heath Middle School and Calloway County Middle School. The First District of Kentucky was well represented at the Future Problem Solving Program International’s 2018 conference at the University of WisconsinLa Crosse. Teams from these two schools competed against their peers from across the globe. Both teams placed in the top 10 internationally, with the team from Heath Middle School placing eighth and the allgirls team from Calloway County placing ninth. Throughout the conference, the students experienced new cultures, enjoyed trading keepsakes from around the world, and socialized with students from many countries and States. I am grateful for the efforts of all involved in helping these students achieve their goals and for encouraging them to pursue interactive, holistic learning to prepare themselves for the future. I join with their family, friends, and teachers to congratulate these exceptional students on their outstanding efforts and look forward to their continued contributions to the First District of Kentucky. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H. RES. 970, INSISTING DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE COMPLY WITH REQUESTS AND SUBPOENAS Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 971 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: H. R ES. 971 Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order without intervention of any point of order to consider in the House the resolution (H. Res. 970) insisting that the Department of Justice fully comply with the requests, including subpoenas, of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the subpoena issued by the Committee on the Judiciary relating to potential violations of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act by personnel of the Department of Justice and related matters. The resolution shall be considered as read. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the resolution and preamble to adoption without intervening motion or demand for division of the question except one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary or their respective designees. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CURBELO of Florida). The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on House Resolution 971, under current consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, this morning I am pleased to bring forward this rule on behalf of the Rules Committee. The rule provides for consideration of H. Res. 970, which insists that the Department of Justice comply with the request of the Judiciary and Intelligence Committees. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate, equally divided between the chairman and ranking member of the Judiciary Committee. Yesterday, the Rules Committee had the opportunity to hear from Congressman JIMJORDAN , a fellow Judiciary Committee member, as well as Ranking Member JERRY NADLER . We also heard from Congressman MARK MEADOWS and Congressman S COTT PERRY  and engaged in a vigorous discussion that lasted a while in the Rules Committee yesterday. 
Mr. Speaker, oversight of the executive branch is one of the House’s most important responsibilities and authorities. As a member of the Judiciary Committee, which has oversight over the Department of Justice and the FBI, it is a responsibility that I take very seriously. I believe the administration has an obligation to comply with the committees of jurisdictions’ legitimate oversight requests and subpoenas. Unfortunately, the Department of Justice has not fully complied with numerous of these requests, many of these which stretch back several months. To illustrate this, let me lay out a timeline for you. On November 3, 2017, Chairman GOODLATTE and Chairman G OWDY , along with additional Members, sent a letter to the Attorney General and Deputy Attorney General, Rod Rosenstein, requesting five specific categories of documents. The deadline listed in the letter was November 17, 2017. That deadline was not met. On December 12, 2017, Chairman GOODLATTE , Chairman G OWDY , and additional Members sent a letter reiterating the expectation that the Department of Justice provide the requested documents. The deadline listed in that letter was December 19, 2017. Again, the deadline arrived, and again, the deadline was not met. On February 1, 2018, Chairman GOODLATTE sent a third letter requesting documents relating to potential abuses under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. On March 22, 2018, the Judiciary Committee issued a subpoena to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein compelling him to produce documents and communications referring to internal DOJ or FBI management requests to review, scrub, report on, or analyze any FISA collection involving the Trump campaign or the Trump administration. b0915 It also compelled the production of communications relating to defensive briefings provided by the Department of Justice or the FBI to the 2016 Presidential campaigns of Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump. Finally, he compelled production of all documents and communications referring to proposed, recommended, or actual FISA coverage on the Clinton Foundation or persons associated or in communication with the Clinton Foundation. The deadline for this subpoena was April 5, 2018. The Department of Justice is in the process of complying with this subpoena, but complete compliance has not yet occurred. Mr. Speaker, I believe that, in regard to the subpoena, the Department of Justice is trying to comply and is in the process of doing so but, yet, has not at this point. I also share the frustration of my colleagues and the American people that this process is taking way too long. We need the answers, and we need transparency. It is our duty to conduct oversight. The law charges us with shining light where the government has fostered shadows instead of providing answers. The Department of Justice has a responsibility to produce these documents and yet has not made them available. The resolution provided for by this rule speaks to the core of our democracy, the inherent tension between branches of government that our Founders intended and our responsibility as a coequal branch to act as a check upon the other branches. Could this debate not happen at a more appropriate time as we look toward the Fourth of July and our country’s founding? This is why we were set up the way we were. The inherent tension has arisen most recently out of the Department of Justice’s failure to timely comply with congressional oversight. Some of the documents this body seeks relate to congressional inquiries that have extended almost the length of the 115th Congress. They deal with some of the most pressing issues in our government today. Has the Department of Justice abused its FISA authority? Was an investigation of national importance affected by bias? I believe that these investigations need to play out, but I also believe they can’t last forever. I also believe that evidence of bias, a library of extremely troubling texts, and key personnel removals at the FBI illustrate the heightened need for robust congressional oversight. As James Wilson, an architect of the Constitution and Associate Justice on the first Supreme Court so eloquently stated: ‘‘The House of Representatives . . . form the grand inquest of the state. They will diligently inquire into grievances, arising both from men and things.’’ As a member of the Judiciary Committee, I will continue to take that charge seriously. Yesterday, the Judiciary Committee considered a similar resolution. Today, the whole House has a chance to responsibly exercise its oversight responsibility and reiterate to the Department of Justice the need to fully comply with our legitimate requests. It is important to note that the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence has been similarly stymied by delays to requests for information and that certain documents have been provided to only select members of that committee. This resolution insists that the Department of Justice comply with the requests, including subpoenas, of these committees—one of which I proudly serve on—so that the American people can get answers and we can exercise our proper constitutional duties. The American people demanded answers, and that is why Congress, Representatives of the American people who answer to the American people, are demanding that the DOJ answer to us. Let this also serve as a reminder to the Department of Justice that the U.S. Congress was created by our Founders, and its authority and responsibility arise directly from Article I of the United States Constitution. The Department of Justice, on the other hand, was created by Congress. Its powers arise from those given to it by Congress. And just as those powers are given by Congress, it is Congress’ responsibility to ensure that they are not abused; and, if necessary, it is Congress’ responsibility to limit these powers. Woodrow Wilson, who was among the first to use the term ‘‘oversight’’ in reference to the investigation of the executive branch, stated: Quite as important as legislation is vigilant oversight of the administration. 
Today, we show that we are taking oversight of the executive branch seriously, particularly the Department of Justice, and we are working to prevent bias in government. We demand accountability because the American people deserve no less. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I hardly know where to begin. With all that is going on in the country and in the world—we have children being ripped apart from their families at the border; we have Republicans working with the White House trying to take away healthcare protections for the American people; and we have a President who seems unhinged— with all that is happening, this is what we are dealing with today on the House floor this morning. Basically, it is a resolution to try to undermine the Mueller investigation, which is investigating potential Russian involvement and collusion in our election. That is a big deal. We should all want to get to the bottom of this. We should all want the truth. Instead of wanting to get to the truth, my Republican friends throw roadblocks in the way, one after another after another, to try to get people to try to discredit the investigation and to try to derail the investigation. It is unbelievable to me. The President this morning tweeted that Russia continues to insist they had nothing to do with meddling in our election. I can’t believe the President of the United States is tweeting that. What is wrong with him? Every single intelligence agency in our government says that the Russians meddled in our election, and we have the President of the United States this morning tweeting that Russia says they didn’t do it, so we have got to believe Russia. 
I don’t know how my friends can defend this. At some point, you have to say, ‘‘Enough.’’ I get it. Republicans want to constantly circle the wagons around the President with every outrageous thing he says and does, but this is about a foreign power—an adversary—meddling in our elections. What is the response? Let’s try to disparage the investigation. Let’s try to undermine the investigation. It is unreal that we are going through this exercise today, but I guess we have come to expect this. Mr. Speaker, let me just say, also, that the process in this House that got us here today to debate this resolution was a disgrace and an affront to the way this Chamber is supposed to conduct business. In all my time here, I haven’t seen a committee minority of either party treated as disrespectfully as Democrats were on Tuesday. That is when the Judiciary Committee considered this resolution of inquiry. Democrats showed up on time and sat patiently waiting for this hearing to begin—and they waited, and they waited, and they waited because the Republican majority gaveled the hearing to order more than an hour after it was supposed to begin. They didn’t even have the courtesy to tell the minority about the delay. Things got only worse from there. When the hearing actually got underway, Democrats were cut off at every turn. The Republican majority moved the previous question, cutting off debate and preventing consideration of Democratic amendments. They blocked parliamentary inquiries and a unanimous consent request. Committee Republicans even took the extraordinary step of overruling their chairman after an amendment was ruled out of order. It was heavyhanded, and it was undemocratic. My Republican colleagues should be ashamed of the way they conducted themselves. Maybe they are, because the chairman of the committee appeared to hide in the hallway during the vote until he was called by another Member, and when he did vote, he voted ‘‘present.’’ So did the Acting Chair. Mr. Speaker, were they unwilling to stand up to the more conservative elements of their caucus? or did they condone what went on? I don’t see how anybody in this Chamber could endure such an embarrassing process. It is unfortunate that the majority of the Rules Committee essentially enabled it by using emergency procedures to quickly move this resolution. This is a new low for a majority that has already turned this Congress into the most closed Congress in history. There have already been 89 closed rules this Congress, and it is only June. There has not been a single open rule under Speaker RYAN—not one. It is fitting that this measure from the Judiciary Committee is being considered under the majority’s 90th closed rule because the Judiciary Committee is now the second most closed committee in this Congress. Mr. Speaker, what does the majority have to show for this bad process? We have another bad product here, this time a partisan measure meant to undermine the Russia investigation. Now, we know this isn’t a serious attempt at oversight because the Republican majority apparently doesn’t believe in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities to begin with. Republicans have refused, for example, to examine foreign payments to the Trump organization. They refuse to examine extravagant travel by members of the administration. They refuse to examine HUD Secretary Carson’s $31,000 dining set. Who buys a $31,000 dining set? Where do you find a $31,000 dining set? They refuse to investigate the use of private email by administration officials, including Jared Kushner and Stephen Miller, and countless other scandals involving EPA Administrator Pruitt. The list goes on and on and on and on. We actually have a long list here, Mr. Speaker, of what we should be investigating. If my Republican colleagues would like a copy, I am happy to provide it to them. But suffice it to say, there is no oversight with regard to the misdeeds of this administration. Mr. Speaker, what happened to the Republicans’ zeal for oversight? Former Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman ISSA subpoenaed the Obama administration more than 100 times in just a 4year span. I didn’t always agree with him on his investigations, but at least the Oversight and Government Reform Committee was performing some oversight. Republicans today are completely missing in action under President Trump. This is an administration that has been embroiled in one scandal after the next. It is an administration dripping with corruption. This makes the Nixon administration look like Common Cause. I have never seen anything like it. Apparently, the Republicans only believe in oversight if it involves President Obama or Secretary Clinton. Let me remind my Republican colleagues that there wasn’t a single scandal in President Obama’s 8 years in office that implicated him: no Cabinet official was forced to resign in scandal; no senior White House official had to leave in the face of wrongdoing. Only with the Trump administration can you have one scandal start at breakfast only to have another one by the time you sit down for dinner. We should be doing our job—getting to the bottom of what is happening and holding people accountable—but instead we are throwing sand in the gears of the Russia investigation. This is crazy. Now, let me remind everyone of what Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation has yielded so far. Twenty people and three companies have either been indicted or pled guilty. That includes George Papadopoulos, foreign policy adviser on President Trump’s campaign, who pled guilty to making false statements to the FBI; Michael Flynn, the President’s former National Security Advisor, who also pled guilty to making false statements to the FBI. Paul Manafort, his former campaign chair, was indicted on charges of conspiracy, money laundering, and making false statements. He was later also charged with tax, financial, and bank fraud charges. He is sitting in jail today. As we have this debate right now, Paul Manafort is in jail. Rick Gates, the President’s campaign aid, was also indicted on similar charges. That is just a small sample based on what we know today. We will see what else the Special Counsel’s investigation finds. So this goes beyond your basic policy disagreements. This is about whether the minority in this Congress is allowed to do the job they were elected to do—not just this Democratic minority, but any minority, because we have seen and we could see again this year just how quickly power shifts in Congress. This is about whether this Congress is going to fulfill its oversight responsibilities or sweep possible wrongdoing under the rug. Now, we have a chance today to demand better from this majority, so we should vote against this rule and demand a better process. That is the only way we are going to see a better product. Just one final thing before I reserve my time. I say to my Republican friends: Look at what you are doing to this institution. You are destroying it. Not only the closed process, the most closed Congress in the history of our country, but the way you move legislation forward. The way Democrats in the Judiciary Committee were treated on this resolution, in all my years here, I have never seen anything like it. I get it. We have a President who wants to behave like a king and who thinks, when he speaks, everybody should sit up to attention just like they do when Kim Jongun speaks. But this is supposed to be the people’s House, and you are diminishing this institution. This has to stop. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MITCHELL ). Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. At this point in time, as the gentleman from Massachusetts and I have discussed many times—and he has his opinions on things and process; I have mine as well—we can agree and disagree. But I think one thing is let’s take a step forward today. This is a process of what we are doing forward. We are warning and requiring 
from an Article I to an Article II agency. Let’s do that and continue that process. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, as I said in the beginning, there are a whole bunch of troubling things happening in our country today. The Supreme Court’s Janus decision was just yet another very disturbing development that really attacks working men and women. b0930 Mr. Speaker, a union’s ability to collectively bargain benefits both its members and nonmembers alike. Unions are responsible for many of the worker protections Americans enjoy today, and they continue to fight for fair pay and good working conditions, including for 17.3 million public employees. We have unions to thank for our weekends, for paid vacations, for overtime pay, for the 8hour workday, for child labor laws, for pensions, for the minimum wage, for sick leave, for Social Security, for parental leave, for holiday pay, and the list goes on and on and on. However, yesterday, the Supreme Court dealt a devastating blow to hardworking employees, the unions that represent them, and the protections they provide us. In a 5–4 ideological decision, the Court invalidated the laws of 22 States and undermined public sector unions. This decision enables free riding by those who benefit from union agreements but do not want to help cover the costs of collective bargaining and enforcement. Unions fight for every single worker. Therefore, every worker should pay their fair share. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative CARTWRIGHT ’s legislation, H.R. 6238, the Public Service Freedom to Negotiate Act. This bill protects the rights of State and local government employees to join unions and collectively bargain. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ) to discuss his proposal. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I represent a district in northeast Pennsylvania where collective bargaining rights are timehonored and highly valued. The work our unions have done over the past 100plus years has changed our laws and practices that helped create our strong American middle class. Our middle class is something that really makes us the envy of the free world, and American unions keep the middle class strong. Today, public sector unions represent about 17.3 million workers in State and local governments across the country. These public sector workers keep us safe and teach and nurture our children, care for our families. As union members, they are empowered through collective action to fight for fair wages and work conditions, as Mr. MCGOVERN  mentioned. But yesterday, in a 5–4 decision, the Supreme Court ruled against unions in the case of Janus v. AFSCME. They overturned four decades—40 years—of legal precedent to undermine the rights of correctional officers, State and local policemen, firefighters, snowplow drivers, teachers, all the local government employees that work hard for us and make us safe every day. The Court’s decision invalidates the laws of 22 States and the District of Columbia. These are States that decided to allow unions and State employees mutually to agree on ensuring that employees pay a fair share fee to cover the costs of collective bargaining enforcement. This Court’s decision is nothing but bareknuckled politics. In fact, prominent Republican politicians have already described it and praised it as a devastating blow to Democrats. It is not jurisprudence; it is just politics. When you overturn 40 years of American legal precedent, when you rip up 40 years of the fabric of American law, it is a big deal. Associate Justice Kagan described it yesterday as a weaponization of the First Amendment that has been going on. And she is right. This decision comes at a time when hardworking Americans are fighting every day just to pay their bills and support their families. Labor unions are working hard to give workers a collective voice to gain higher wages, better healthcare, and a secure retirement. Make no mistake, a tax on public sector unions is the camel’s nose under the tent flap. They are coming after private sector unions next. Strong public unions build the middle class in our country and shape the life of every American by negotiating for labor rights, including the minimum wage, 8hour workdays, weekends, employer health insurance. Now is not the time to turn our back on American workers and labor unions. Now is the time to stand with employees who serve the public across the country. For that reason, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up my bill, H.R. 6238, the Public Service Freedom to Negotiate Act, a bill that will defend the right of every public sector employee to join a union and bargain collectively. The bill empowers the Federal Labor Relations Authority to ensure that State and local government employees are treated fairly and that workplace conditions meet a proper standard. Every employee deserves these basic standards, whether they choose to join a union or not. Again, the Janus decision is an outright attack on all unions, on all working people, and an attack on the cause that we here in Congress, here in the people’s House, fight for every day. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the previous question and the rule so that this important legislation will be considered immediately. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire from the gentleman how many more speakers he has. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers. If the gentleman is ready to close, I will be as well. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as I said at the outset, there are lots of things that we should be doing oversight on and that they we are not. The Oversight Committee has chosen not to look into all the scandals in this White House. They have chosen instead to look the other way. I mentioned EPA Administrator Pruitt. He has demonstrated over and over that he has no regard for taxpayer money. He is living a lifestyle of the rich and famous at EPA. He has no respect for his position and no desire to follow our ethics law. His many abuses of his position demand that we fully investigate his actions. For example—I love this—he spent $43,000 on installing a soundproof booth in his office. Who does that? GAO stated that he was required to notify Congress before spending more than $5,000 on office improvements, but he goes ahead and spends $43,000 on a soundproof booth, I guess to make private phone calls. He racked up nearly $200,000 flying first class and luxury aircraft on the taxpayers’ dime. One of those trips was to Italy. It cost $30,000. He rented an apartment from an energy lobbyist for $50 a night here in Washington. He enlisted an aide to help find his wife a job. You can’t make this stuff up. And crickets from the Oversight Committee and my Republican friends in Congress. Congress needs to investigate the alarming drug price trends in this country. This is an emergency, a life or death issue for our constituents. Because of high drug prices, one in four Americans cannot afford to fill a prescription. These high drug prices are not due to foreign markets, but they are due to our unfair pricing system. We issue patents to drug companies, allowing them to have exclusive rights on drugs. Make no mistake, patents are important for incentivizing and rewarding innovation. However, drug companies found ways to game the system by prolonging their patents and continuing their tight hold on lifesaving medications. A study by UCLA found that 74 percent of new patents from 2005 to 2015 
went to drugs that already existed. Patents allow these drug companies to charge patients unfair prices without facing competition. That is just unacceptable. But I guess we shouldn’t be surprised that there is no investigation, because my Republican friends are working with this White House to undue patient protections in the Affordable Care Act. They are even trying to take away preexisting condition protections. Right now, because of the law, if you have a preexisting condition, an insurance company cannot discriminate against you and demand that you pay more. They have to give you the insurance. They want to take that away. This is unbelievable. We should be investigating this stuff. I could go on and on and on, but we are not doing that. What we are doing is, we are bringing a resolution that has been put forward by some who are trying to undermine the Mueller investigation and who do not want the American people to focus on the involvement between Trump operatives and the Russians. When I would go up to Massachusetts on the weekends, it used to be that people would ask me who in the Trump administration met with the Russians. Now the question is: Who in the Trump administration didn’t meet with the Russians? What I love about the people who are testifying before the Mueller committee, they now are getting in trouble because they are realizing that, if you lie, there is a consequence, so they all have amnesia. They met with Russian operatives time and again, and they forget. They mysteriously remember when they are confronted with the evidence. We all should be shocked by this. A foreign adversary interfered in our election. Every single intelligence agency in our government confirms that. And yet you have the President of the United States today tweeting: Oh, Russia insists they didn’t meddle in our election. Oh, my God, I can’t believe this. The President of the United States is tweeting that today. It is shameful. Stop defending this unacceptable behavior, and stop defending a process that is unacceptable as well. I mentioned the terrible treatment Democrats received in the Judiciary Committee when this thing was reported out. I have never seen anything like that in my life. Democrats waited for an hour and they were just shut out of any opportunity to amend the measure or even speak. Welcome to the United States Congress. This is supposed to be the people’s House. This is supposed to be the shining example of democracy, and you get people who have questions or who have ideas who are shut down in committee. Then we bring it to the floor after going through the Rules Committee last night, and it comes to the floor under a closed process. This is the most closed Congress in history. This is the 90th closed rule. What does that mean? It means that this legislation cannot be amended. There is limited debate. You have to vote for it up or down, my way or the highway. Everybody, Democrats and Republicans, are blocked from offering any of their ideas or any of their potential improvements to this bill. Nothing. This is the 90th closed rule, completely closed rule, in this Congress, the 90th bill that has come before us where neither Democrats nor Republicans can offer anything. It is frustrating beyond words to be here today. The system here is rigged. This is going to pass on a partyline vote, I guess. But this is not the way the people’s House should be run. This is disgraceful. At some point, my Republican friends who care about this institution have to say enough is enough. They have to demand a more open, more transparent system here. This cannot stand. So, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question, so we can address the terrible impacts of the Supreme Court decision in the Janus case and vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. We should not be doing this today. We should not be engaged in an attempt to try to defend the indefensible or undermine an important investigation into Russia’s meddling in our election. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, we can discuss this and continue to discuss it, as we have. I respect my friend from Massachusetts and his opinion and the issues of transparency. I want to see that same transparency. I want to see us work. And I think we have an opportunity to do that. By saying that we bring this rule and this resolution here today, to disparage this institution, when we are asking for what we are required and can’t get, I am not sure how that is. Now, we can discuss other issues you want to investigate and other areas you want to go to, and you can do that and we can discuss things, but there is nothing undermining the investigation. The Mueller investigation is still going on, the FBI investigation. All of that is still going on. Nothing is undermining it except the DOJ that has had obvious issues of telling the truth and obvious issues of not giving us the documents we have requested. This is Article I, Article II. We can have discussions about everything else. And I know if I were in a position on the other side, I would want everything investigated, because when you have seen what we have been able to do in the last year and a half with the economy, with jobs, with regulations, with small business, when you start looking at that, I would yell at everything else, too, Mr. Speaker, because the President has done what he said he was going to do. And our economy is better, our jobs are better, and we are working toward a system in which America is safer. But I would also want to investigate everything else, too, because if I was going into a cycle, I would want to throw off and look other places and tell the American people things aren’t really right when they know that it is. b0945 Also, the American people, when I go back home to Georgia, want to know: If the Congress asks an agency for documents, why do they not get to produce them? And don’t go to the fact, well, it is classified. We have SCIFs up here. We have got classified areas up here. What is problematic here is we are hiding behind the fact of things that look like—after they are produced, after they are compelled to produce—it looks like they are just trying to keep it from us to hide embarrassment, and that is not a reason to hide documents. So we have a simple proposal here. Do what you are required to do. Let Congress be the oversight that it is supposed to be, and we can discuss whatever else we want to for oversight. That is the part of two parties working. But in this one, this is pretty simple. You can vote ‘‘no’’ and say no, Congress shouldn’t do that, in an area in which we have responsibility and oversight protection. If you want to do that, go right ahead. Again, when you want to throw off everything else in the world—I think it is when you look at the President and you look at the administration and you look at what we have done in the last 18
1⁄2months, you see a light at the end of a tunnel, you see an economy coming back, you see a good thing for businesses and small businesses. When people get up and do not care, Mr. Speaker, what happens on this floor. They really don’t. All they want to do is get up in the morning, get their families ready, pay their bills, get a good job, have a possibility of a promotion, or go start that business they want to have. We have provided that. Now, up here, in the internal workings of government, in the mesh of web that is inside this beltway, when you have got a government agency and government employees who do not want to do what they are supposed to do, it is time for Congress to act. That is exactly what we are doing today. John Stuart Mill stated: ‘‘The proper office of a representative assembly is to watch and control the government, to throw the light of publicity on its acts, to compel a full exposition and justification of all of them which any one considers questionable.’’ Today the Republicans in the House are doing that, Mr. Speaker. We are taking our oversight responsibilities seriously. We are abiding by the checks 
and balances of the Constitution to ensure that the government is acting appropriately to ensure that the American people—who, by the way, we represent—have the answers that they deserve, one way or the other. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 224, nays 186, not voting 17, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—186 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack 
Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Barletta Black Blumenauer Brady (TX) Buck Costello (PA) Ellison Grothman Johnson (OH) Jones Labrador Richmond Rush Schweikert Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz 
b1011 Messrs. VELA, PETERSON, Ms. PINGREE, and Mrs. DEMINGS changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. KINZINGER, NUNES, POE of Texas, and BANKS of Indiana changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 224, noes 184, not voting 19, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—184 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—19 
Barletta Barton Black Brady (TX) Buck Cartwright Cicilline Costello (PA) Ellison Grothman Johnson (OH) Jones Labrador Pelosi Rush Scott (VA) Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz 
b1019 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, due to an unavoidable scheduling conflict, I was unable to cast my vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 304 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 305. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 304 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 305. 
PERMISSION TO GO TO CONFERENCE ON H.R. 5895, ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, disagree to the Senate amendment, and request a conference with the Senate thereon. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. 
REPORT ON H.R. 6258, FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. GRAVES of Georgia, from the Committee on Appropriations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–792) on the bill (H.R. 6258) making appropriations for financial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
APPOINTMENT OF CONFEREES ON H.R. 5895, ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the Chair appoints the following conferees on H.R. 5895: Messrs. FRELINGHUYSEN , S IMPSON , CARTER of Texas, C ALVERT , FORTEN BERRY , F LEISCHMANN , Ms. H ERRERA  BEUTLER , Mr. T AYLOR , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. KAPTUR , Messrs. V ISCLOSKY , RYAN of Ohio, and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . There was no objection. 
INSISTING DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE COMPLY WITH REQUESTS AND SUBPOENAS Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 971, I call up the resolution (H. Res. 970) insisting that the Department of Justice fully comply with the requests, including subpoenas, of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the subpoena issued by the Committee on the Judiciary relating to potential violations of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act by personnel of the Department of Justice and related matters, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 971, the resolution is considered read. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous materials into the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of a resolution that literally is about this institution. And when we look at this, it is about the Department of Justice and the FBI giving documents to this institution so that they can conduct proper oversight. We have had months and months go by with multiple requests where those requests have been largely ignored by the Department of Justice. It is time that the American people actually have the transparency that they deserve in being able to see these documents and let them judge for themselves what did or did not go on within the Department of Justice and FBI. Mr. Speaker, Lady Justice should have a blindfold, and that means that justice should not be meted out to those that are well connected or well financed. It should be even in all regards. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JORDAN ). Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and, more importantly, for this resolution. This is real simple. It is about our branch of government, the legislative branch, getting the information we are entitled to get as a separate and coequal branch of government to do our constitutional duty of oversight. We have requested information from DOJ. They haven’t given it to us. We have issued subpoenas. They haven’t complied with subpoenas. We have caught them hiding information. They redacted the fact, tried to hide the fact that Peter Strzok, a key player in both the Clinton investigation and Russian investigation, was friends with one of the FISA court judges. That was redacted for no other reason than it was embarrassing. And, of course, we know that the deputy attorney general threatened staff members on the House Intelligence Committee. 
So this is real simple. Enough is enough. Give us the documents we are entitled to have. Let’s have the full weight of the House behind a resolution saying you have got 7 days to get your act together. Let me just say one other thing. When have you ever seen an agency where the top people who ran the Clinton investigation and the Russian investigation have had this happen to them: James Comey has been fired; Deputy Director Andy McCabe fired, lied three times under oath, faces a criminal referral; Chief of Staff Jim Rybicki has resigned; General Counsel Jim Baker demoted, then left the FBI; Lisa Page, FBI counsel, demoted, then left the FBI; Peter Strzok, deputy head of counterintelligence, demoted, and was escorted out of the FBI just days ago. When have you ever seen that happen? And they won’t give us the information we are asking for. Something is going on over there. This is a resolution that is needed, because it, again, will be the full House of Representatives saying enough is enough. Give us the information so we can do our job and get answers for the American people. That is why I applaud the gentleman’s efforts and support this resolution, and encourage every single Member of this body, as an institution, to vote for this resolution. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this socalled resolution of insistence is being rushed to the floor as an emergency measure. There are many emergencies facing the United States at this hour. The subject matter of this resolution is not among them. This resolution is wrong on the facts, wrong on the law, wrong on the rules, and a dangerous precedent to set for the House of Representatives. First, the resolution is riddled with inaccuracies. Taking this document at face value, you might think that the Department of Justice had not already sent us hundreds of thousands of documents, many of which the sponsors of this resolution delight in leaking to the public. It also relies heavily on the March 22 subpoena issued by Chairman GOODLATTE , a subpoena that was not issued in compliance with House rules, and that, according to past House counselors with whom we have consulted, likely cannot be enforced. b1030 Second, this resolution is premised on a demand for documents to which Congress is not entitled and which the Justice Department cannot give. To be clear, I firmly believe that when the House Judiciary Committee asks the executive branch for information, our committee is entitled to that information in almost every case. But we are not entitled to information that goes to the core of an ongoing criminal investigation. This prohibition is both a matter of constitutional law, as it falls to the executive branch to enforce the law, and a matter of basic fairness. It is wrong to inject politics into criminal proceedings. I suspect that the sponsors of this resolution already know this. They are asking for documents that they know they will probably never receive, and they likely view this impossible request as a winwin proposition. If they somehow bully the Department of Justice into turning over materials that go to the core of Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation, that information could be and probably would be shared with the subject of the investigation, namely, President Trump. Indeed, Mayor Giuliani has hinted exactly that. Based on past precedent, that information would next be shared with anybody watching FOX News. If they do not pry these documents from the Department, they will use that fact to further smear the special counsel, the Deputy Attorney General, and anyone else investigating the President. They have even suggested impeaching the Deputy Attorney General, a proposal that is both without historical precedent and patently ridiculous. The real purpose of this resolution, and of this whole attempt, is to cast aspersions, is to defame the special prosecutor, the special counsel, and the people associated with him, the Deputy Attorney General. Finally, voting on this resolution today sets a dangerous precedent. The majority will, in effect, have shown the American people that pure politics is more important than the facts and more important than the law. And for what? You can force this fight with the leadership of the Department of Justice. You can demand documents that the Department cannot give us, and to which we are not entitled. You can attack the character of lifelong public servants like Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein and Special Counsel Mueller. You can burn bridges with your colleagues to speed this resolution to the floor. But you cannot stop the special counsel’s investigation. Before Members vote today, we must ask: When the special counsel’s work is complete, when the enormity of what he has found has been laid bare, how will the American people judge the House’s actions here today? I urge my colleagues to oppose this reckless, dangerous measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would make one comment. It is interesting, when the gentleman opposite, Mr. Speaker, is talking about motives and what is designed by this when we have not had a conversation about that. It is also interesting, when we talk about those very motives about an ongoing investigation, part of this request is asking for 10,000 pages of documents on an investigation that is already complete. I would think we would have the ability to get those from the Department of Justice. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. BIGGS). Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from North Carolina for yielding time to me. You know, an old Arizona farmer told me that when you put up a fence, the cow almost always goes over and leans on the fence to see how strong that fence is, because the cow wants to get to the other side. If the fence is strong, then it moves away, and you don’t have that problem. But if your fence is a little bit loose in the wiring, it is going to go over, and that cow is going to get on out. And that is what has happened here. What has happened here is we have had a loose fence. We have failed to demand the requirements be met as we have requested. It is not bullying. It is not bullying to request documents. It is not bullying to subpoena and use the right that we have to subpoena. That is not bullying anybody. But I will tell you what the problem is—this resolution gets at the heart of it. It says that we are going to give you an extra 2 weeks. That is rebuilding the fence a little bit. That is rebuilding that fence a little bit and saying: We have oversight authority. You need to comply with that oversight authority. So we are going to rebuild the fence. And I fully support this resolution, Mr. Speaker. But I will tell you what, I would enthusiastically support a resolution for contempt, because there has not been compliance, nor has there been adequate reason given for noncompliance. So, I support this resolution 100 percent. I am going to be voting for it. I have cosponsored it. But I will tell you what, we need to be holding a resolution of contempt, because this body and its authority have been held in contempt. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this particular issue, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), the distinguished ranking member of the Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentleman for yielding, and certainly, let me thank my good friend from North Carolina. I think the Nation should understand that we have these stark political differences. We have these stark legal differences. But there is nothing that can undermine the rule of law and the truth. 
My good friend who just spoke earlier wants to go to the extreme of holding the Nation’s professional law enforcement officers in contempt for doing their job. What I hold in my hand is from the Office of Inspector General, U.S. Department of Justice, issued in June 2018. Besides these pages, Mr. Speaker, there are eons and eons of documents. Right now, in the Judiciary Committee, Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein is there voluntarily. We have Director Wray there. Even if there was a subpoena, they have come. Both of them indicated that they canceled important trips to be here before the United States Congress. I asked in that hearing: What was the reason for the emergency hearing? What was the good cause? And I don’t know if my colleagues heard it. I could not decipher any good cause of why we are now thrown into this hearing room. The reason I say that, which speaks to this particular resolution, is the fact that we have had now, under the Presidency of Mr. Trump, almost 2 years, and the Judiciary Committee has not answered one single inquiry offered by the Democrats. We have not had one legitimate hearing on the Russian collusion to have violated and made vile the 2016 election. I do not speak to the results. I speak to the impact on the integrity of the election by the American people. We have not had one hearing. Now we are in a rush to continue to reinvestigate and reinvestigate the findings of the inspector general and the investigators who indicated that they investigated this and, in essence, found no criminal behavior; that this is Secretary Clinton’s email. I think it is public knowledge that the item that she was being looked at for was the misuse of classified data. Minimal, at best. We don’t want that to happen. She did not want it to happen. But she was cleared of any criminal intent or criminal actions by people that we would normally trust. I believe in oversight. I don’t want scandals at the Department of Justice. I want the Civil Rights Division to work well. Maybe somebody should ask the question why the Civil Rights Division is understaffed and barely working. Maybe somebody should ask the question why the Trump administration switched from being supportive of antivoter ID laws that were discriminatory but did not. So this resolution is redundant. It goes in the face of those who are already performing. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Texas an additional 30 seconds. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it goes in the face of those who are already performing. Mr. Speaker, the Department of Justice has already produced about 850,000 documents at the request of this group of folk from Oversight and Judiciary. They are complying. Why are we on the floor taking a hammer to a flea? That is unnecessary. Why are we not in the Judiciary Committee, probing the individuals who are now appearing? I want the American people to understand this is a resolution that has nothing to do with the crux of protecting the November 18, 2018, elections, and it has nothing to do with reality. We have finished our work, and we need to go on to protecting the United States of America against bogus elections. I feel like Yogi Berra—I have deja vu all over again. In just the last week or so, we have had three hearings related to the actions of the Department of Justice and the FBI in the run up to the 2016 election. Over the course of that last week or so, the country has watched as thousands of children have been separated from their parents. The Supreme Court has seen the resignation of the Court’s swing vote. On Tuesday, the Supreme Court thought it wise to uphold a travel ban on nationals from Muslim majority countries. And yesterday, the Supreme court gutted the labor rights of public sector employees. With all of these pressing issues for this august body to determine, what are we talking about? We’re talking about Hillary Clinton’s Emails. Why are we talking about Hillary Clinton’s emails? We’re here because one week after the Intelligence community briefed then president elect Trump, that the Russians had interfered with the election to hurt Hillary Clinton and help Donald Trump. At best, the timing of the announcement was done to draw a false equivalence between the actions of career law enforcement in investigating the Clinton email server and what would later become the Special Counsel’s investigation; at worst, it suggests using the levers of law enforcement for political ends. We are here well after the fact that the Special Counsel investigating Russia’s attempts to meddle in the 2016 election and the extent to which associates of the Trump Campaign were complicit in this endeavor. The Special Counsel has already secured 23 indictments against companies and individuals, some of whom are Americans. This includes the President’s campaign manager, who is currently sitting in jail awaiting charges in two judicial districts. This is after the Special Counsel has secured guilty pleas, including from: The President’s National Security Advisor; A lawyer with ties to the President’s former campaign manager; The President’s former Foreign Policy Advisor; and The President’s former deputy campaign manager. All the while, while the Special Counsel was doing this report, the House GOP was salivating for this report to be released. And then the OIG promulgated the report. And after the OIG promulgated that report, the House GOP was disappointed, because they did not like what the independent investigation found: that the decisions by the DOJ and the FBI in the days and preceding the 2016 were not tainted by political bias. Because the OIG’s report does not conform with the House’s GOP narrative, the House GOP has to muddy the waters, even if that means interfering with an active counterintelligence investigation. But, before this tea party resolution, let’s just recall what has the House Freedom Caucus so upset. And now, they want information that is at the heart of an active counterintelligence criminal investigation. And in an effort to aid their allies in the White House, the House GOP has gone to extraordinary effort to alchemize its oversight responsibilities into a line of information to the White House. While this has happened over the year, the OIG has been preparing its report—and it was released earlier this month. The OIG Report concludes that while former Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Director James Comey was insubordinate in the manner and content of his decision not to prosecute Hillary Clinton in her use of a private server, the decision was not done with political bias. This conclusion definitely reignited strong emotions, but a clear eye focused on all operative facts supports the inference that the actions taken by federal law enforcement, out of an abundance of caution, had the effect of conferring significant advantage on the Trump Campaign. I am a strong supporter of law enforcement. They do a tough job under difficult circumstances. This was no less true in the weeks and months preceding the 2016 election. The confluence of facts and the public statements of thencandidate Trump likely complicated law enforcement’s difficult job. ‘‘From the outset, nothing in this report calls into question or undermines the Special Counsel’s investigation into Russian interference into the 2016 election and whether and to what extent this endeavor was aided by associates of the Trump Campaign. Next, while the OIG report released today concludes that former FBI Director Comey was insubordinate in the breadth and depth of his July 2016 press conference declining prosecution of Secretary Clinton, the decision was not done for political purposes or colored with political bias. ‘‘Third, any suggestion that the actions of law enforcement in the second half of 2016 were done to support the Hillary Clinton Campaign to the detriment of the Trump Campaign is belied by the fact that both the decision to editorialize the declination of prosecution in July 2016 and the decision to reopen the Clinton email investigation in October 2016, eleven days before the election, revealed a double standard favorable to Trump and prejudicial to Clinton. This is because that while the country was debating Secretary Clinton’s judgment in setting up a private server for her emails, associates of the Trump Campaign were engaging in questionable—and possibly criminal—behavior with agents of the Russian government. This disjunction undoubtedly benefitted Trump, however unquantifiably. 
‘‘Fourth, while the president may tout this report as supportive of his decision to terminate Comey from his position as FBI Director, 
nothing in this report changes two facts: first, after the FBI reopened the investigation into the Clinton email issue in the waning days of the 2016 campaign, thencandidate Trump applauded Comey’s announcement. Given his tact at the time, and his change of heart now and his reasons for doing so, only one conclusion is supportable: that Trump’s concern after the election for Comey’s decision is more disingenuous than not. Moreover, to the extent that the president tries to claim that his reasons for firing Comey were consistent with the findings of the OIG report, the president revealed his true motives for firing Comey in an interview with Lester Holt: that it was done because of the Russia investigation. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The reality of this is the very document that the gentlewoman from Texas put up, that 500page report, is actually investigative conclusions based on 1.2 million documents, of which this body—this body—has received less than 24,000 pages of the same documents that she mentions. So all we are asking for is for us, the legislative body, and the American people, to be able to get the very same documents the Department of Justice has. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues today in insisting that the Department of Justice fully comply with Congress and provide the requested documents, including subpoenas related to the potential FISA abuse. The Department of Justice has done nothing but divert and block Congress from documents that are well within our rights to receive. They have repeatedly insisted that they have complied with the document request when they clearly have not. The Department of Justice Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein has been the major player in stonewalling Congress. The longer they stall this process, the more the American people lose faith in our justice system. That is a threat to our country’s future. I stand here today calling for transparency, answers, and accountability so that we can get to the truth. The American people deserve the accountability. The time to act is now. If the DOJ fails to comply, then we will be forced to take it to the next level, to hold Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein in contempt, as my previous speaker has spoken, or even to impeach, which would be my preferred course of action right now. It is very simple. Comply with the law, do your job, or get out. I support this resolution. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership and tenacious spirit on this, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, before I yield further time, I have a parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 970, which is before us now, includes a reference to a document unilaterally issued by the House Judiciary Committee on March 22, 2018. It is my understanding that the issuance of this purported subpoena is defective because it did not comply with committee rules providing that: At least two business days before issuing any subpoena, the Chair shall consult with the Ranking Member, and the Chair shall provide a full copy of the proposed subpoena. While, in this instance, the chairman did provide me, as ranking member, with a copy of a proposed subpoena on March 19, the document the chairman issued on March 22 was substantively and materially different from the document that was shared on March 19, in abrogation of committee rules. My parliamentary inquiry is whether these circumstances would have any bearing on consideration of this resolution, H. Res. 970, and, absent that, whether the defective nature would have any bearing on any future attempts by the House to enforce the supposed subpoena? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House is currently considering H. Res. 970. The Chair cannot separately comment on committee proceedings. That is a matter for debate on the resolution. Mr. NADLER. Could the Chair repeat that last sentence? I couldn’t hear. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Certainly. The House is currently considering H. Res. 970. The Chair cannot separately comment on committee proceedings. That is a matter for debate on the resolution. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, in that case I will include in the RECORD a copy of a letter that I sent to the chair dated June 21, 2018, detailing the facts and background concerning the defective nature of the subpoena purportedly issued on March 22. 
with Representatives Jordan, Meadows, Buck, and Ratcliffe, wrote you seeking documents related to our ongoing investigation regarding charging decisions in the investigation surrounding former Secretary Clinton’s private email server in 2016. To date, the Department has only produced a fraction of the documents that have been requested. In addition, in early February, I wrote the Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation seeking documents related to potential abuses of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. No documents have been provided to the Committee in response to this request. Given the Department’s ongoing delays in producing these documents, I am left with no choice but to issue the enclosed subpoena to compel production of these documents. Moreover, since our requests for documents related to the Clinton email server investigation were made, it has come to light that the FBI’s Office of Professional Responsibility recommended the dismissal of former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe. This recommendation appears to be based, at least in part, on events related to the investigation surrounding former Secretary Clinton’s private email server. Accordingly, the subpoena additionally covers all documents and communications relied upon by FBI’s Office of Professional Responsibility in reaching its decision to recommend the dismissal of former Deputy Director McCabe. Thank you for your prompt attention to this important matter. If any part of the production has been designated as classified pursuant to Executive Order 13526, please contact Committee majority staff so that arrangements may be made to ensure that the documents are handled appropriately within the House. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. Enclosure. 
Insert offset folio 163/5 here EH28JN18.001lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSESUBPOENA 
BY AUTHORITY OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE 
To The Honorable Rod J. Rosenstein, Deputy Attorney General You are hereby commanded to 
of the House of Representatives of the United States at the place, date, and time specified below. 
0 to produce the things identified on the attached schedule touching matters of inquiry committed to said committee 
or subcommittee; and you are not to depart without leave of said committee or subcommittee. Place 
of production: 2138 Rayburn House Office Building Date: AprilS, 
D to testify at a deposition touching matters of inquiry committed to said committee or subcommittee; and you are not to depart without leave 
0 to testify at a hearing touching matters of inquiry committed to said committee or subcommittee; and you are not to depart without leave 
To Any authorized staff member to serve and make return. 
Witness my hand and the seal ofthe House of Representatives of the United States, at the 
Insert offset folio 163/6 here EH28JN18.002lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEPROOF OF SERVICE 
States Department of Justice, 950 Pennsylvania Ave. NW, Washington, D.C. 20530 
of Server Address 2138 Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC 20515 
SCHEDULE  In accordance with the attached instructions for responding to Judiciary Committee document requests, you are required to produce the following documents in unredacted form: 1. All documents and communications provided to or obtained by the Department of Justice’s Office of the Inspector General (OIG) regarding the FBI’s decisionmaking with respect to the FBI’s investigation of former Secretary Clinton’s private email server; 2. Documents sufficient to show the names, titles, and business addresses of all personnel who participated in deliberations concerning the decision whether to charge Clinton. In lieu of documents, you may provide a list of the requested information; 3. The document referenced by James Rybicki during his January 18, 2018 interview with the Committee referring or relating to court cases or judicial decisions used in considering, justifying, or communicating possible charges against, or decisions not to charge, Clinton; 4. All documents and communications relied upon by FBI’s Office of Professional Responsibility in reaching its decision to recommend the dismissal of former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe; 5. All documents and communications with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (‘‘FISC’’) referring or relating to any Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (‘‘FISA’’) applications associated with Carter Page or individuals on President Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign or part of the Trump administration; 6. All documents and communications referring or relating to FISC hearings and deliberations, including any court transcripts, related to any FISA applications associated with Carter Page or the Trump campaign or Trump administration; 7. All documents and communications referring or relating to internal Department of Justice or FBI management requests to review, scrub, report on, or analyze any reporting of FISA collection involving, or coverage mentioning, the Trump campaign or Trump administration; 8. All documents and communications referring or relating to defensive briefings provided by the Department of Justice or FBI to the 2016 presidential campaigns of Clinton or President Trump; and, 9. All documents and communications referring or relating to proposed, recommended, or actual FISA coverage on the Clinton Foundation or persons associated or in communication with the Clinton Foundation. RESPONDING TO JUDICIARY COMMITTEE  DOCUMENT REQUESTS  In responding to the document request, please apply the instructions and definitions set forth below: 
Insert graphic folio 163/14 here EH28JN18.003lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSESUBPOENA 
BY AUTHORITY OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE 
Tu The Honorable Rod J. Rosenstein, Deputy Attomcy General You are hereby commanded 
of the House of Representatives of the United States at the plat:e, date, and time specified below. 
0 to produce the things identified on the attached schedule touching matters of inquiry committed to said committee or subcommittee; and you are not to depart without leave 
D to testify at a deposition touching matters of inquiry committed to said committee or subcommittee; and you are not to depart without leave 
Date:D to testify at a hearing touching matters of inquiry committed to said committee or subcommittee; and without leave 
my hand and the seal of the House of Representatives of the United States, at 
the city of Washington, D.C. this dayof~M~a~r~ch~ __________ ,2018. 
Insert graphic folio 163/15 here EH28JN18.004lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEPROOF OF SERVICE 
The Honorable Rod J. Rosenstein, Deputy Attorney General Address 
United States Department of Justice, 950 Pennsylvania Ave. NW, Washington, D.C. 20530 
SCHEDULE  In accordance with the attached instructions for responding to Judiciary Committee document requests, you are required to produce the following documents in unredacted form: 1. All documents and communications referring or relating to the investigation into former Secretary Clinton to or from the FBI’s Office of the Director and the FBI’s Office of the Deputy Director between January 1, 2016, and November 8, 2016; 2. All documents and communications referring or relating to the decision or recommendation not to charge former Secretary Clinton dated, created, or modified between January 1, 2016, and November 8, 2016, including copies of the documents posted or referenced on the FBI’s Electronic FOIA Library on October 16, 2017, titled Drafts of Director Comey’s July 5, 2016 Statement Regarding Email Server Investigation; 3. All documents and communications referring or relating to former Director Comey’s decision to appropriate, from the Department of Justice, the decision whether to charge former Secretary Clinton; 4. All documents and communications referring or relating to former Director Comey’s decision to make a public statement on July 5, 2016; 5. All documents and communications referring or relating to former Director Comey’s decision to inform Congress regarding the status of the Clinton entail server investigation on October 28, 2016, and November 6, 2016; 6. A list of all personnel who participated in deliberations concerning the decision whether to charge former Secretary Clinton; 7. All documents and communications the Department of Justice has provided to its Office of the Inspector General for the Inspector General’s investigation into the FBI’s decisionmaking in the FBI’s investigation of former Secretary Clinton’s private email server; 8. The document of court cases used in considering various possible charges against former Secretary Clinton referenced by James Rybicki during his January 18, 2018 interview with the Committee; 9. All documents and communications relied upon by FBI’s Office of Professional Responsibility in reaching its decision to recommend the dismissal of former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe: 10. All FBI and Department of Justice documents and communications with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (‘‘FISC’’) related to any Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (‘‘FISA’’) applications associated with individuals on President Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign or part of the Trump administration; 11. All documents of FISC hearings and deliberations, including any court transcripts, related to any FISA applications associated with the Trump campaign or Trump administration; 12. All documents and communications relating to internal Department of Justice or FBI management requests to review, scrub, report on, or analyze any reporting of FISA collection against, or coverage mentioning, the Trump campaign or Trump administration; 13. All documents and communications concerning defensive briefing provided by the Department of Justice or FBI to the 2016 presidential campaigns of former Secretary Clinton or President Trump; and, 14. All documents and communications concerning proposed, recommended, or actual FISA coverage on former Secretary Clinton, her associates, or associated organizations. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ), the ranking member of the Constitution and Civil Justice Subcommittee. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for the time. What we are experiencing here in this moment in this Chamber is the greatest tribute to Federico Fellini that could ever be produced in this House. It is a theater of the absurd. It is a ruse on the American people and an attempt to defeat justice that will go back and expose activities involving Russia and participants in the 2016 election that resulted in the election of Donald Trump. b1045 The fact is there is a special counsel investigating that, one of the most distinguished Americans ever, a Purple Heart recipient who went in the Marines because one of his friends was killed; and he volunteered to go to Vietnam, received a Purple Heart and other commendations, and then came back here and didn’t practice law and make money and get greedy on 5th Avenue, but he pursued justice, and he put Gotti away, and he put Noriega away. He has dealt with some of the worst people in this world, and it is a perfect calling for him to stand for the Constitution and for our country and for the rule of law and investigate possible collusion with Russia in our 2016 election and other activities. The campaign manager for President Trump is in jail right now because, while out on bond, he did acts that the judge couldn’t countenance and couldn’t count on him not to engage in again, so she had to put him in jail. There have been indictments. There have been guilty pleas by people close to the President. The President is feeling the heat, and his acolytes here in the House of Representatives, rather than operating as a check and balance on the administration and protecting the flag, the Constitution, and doing their duty and their oath of office, are producing this ruse to make the American public think there is something wrong with our Justice Department, our FBI, and our special counsel, going after Mr. Mueller, a registered Republican; Mr. Rosenstein, a Republican appointed by Mr. Trump; and Mr. Wray at the FBI, a Republican appointed by Trump. As we are here on this floor, the Judiciary Committee is having a sham hearing with Rosenstein and Wray, Republicans fighting Republicans to get information. But it is not Republicans fighting Republicans. It is Republicans fighting for Trump, who has taken over this party, a party that once proudly stood for people like Ronald Reagan and Dwight Eisenhower and George Bush and George H.W. Bush and even Abraham Lincoln, who most people know was a Republican. What we are seeing is the takeover of our democracy, and this is the theater of the absurd. These documents should not be turned over, and the Justice Department doesn’t turn them over because it would reveal sources and it would imperil an investigation. God bless the United States, and may we protect Robert Mueller. I reiterate my oath to defend the Constitution. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ), my good friend. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, the very things that my colleagues across the aisle are arguing could have been argued back in Watergate days and they would have kept Richard Nixon in office. Some of us on this side of the aisle don’t care about party as much as we do about justice and the truth. And what we have found is that leading intelligence people and Justice people were lying. Clapper has been found to have been a liar, perjured himself; so has Brennan. And then we get more information that has been objected to, redacted, and we find out, whoa. These guys said this was for national security, and it turns out, when we get the information, actually, it was because it was embarrassing to the people objecting. Oversight is absolutely critical, and the last administration didn’t have enough oversight, and, in fact, they obstructed. They were able to drag things out, so we never got to the bottom of things like Fast and Furious, when one of our own precious American agents was killed. There were no answers, and they are trying it again. But now we have this obligation to make sure that these documents that have been hidden are brought forward. And, yes, we have Mr. Rosenstein, who actually was involved in an investigation of Russia trying to get, illegally, U.S. uranium, and he worked with a guy named Mueller, who hired a guy named Weissmann to help in that investigation. And they have hidden what went on there and even forced a witness to sign a nondisclosure agreement—unheard of in that situation. It is imperative that we bring these things out. We have too many people in the Justice Department—I watched one of them named Strzok yesterday, and I can’t go into what he said, but I was going: Wow. We know that is a lie, what he just said. He is so good. And then I realized he must have said, straightfaced, to his wife 100 times about: Oh, no, there is nothing going on with me and Ms. Page. There are too many people in the Justice Department who have gotten too good at lying. We need these documents to see what is the truth. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ), the ranking Democrat on the Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in opposition to this 
resolution, which is a Republican attempt to delay and derail the Mueller investigation. Mr. Speaker, what we have today is a Republican President who is under criminal investigation. We have a Republicanled House of Representatives that is doing its best as a cult following for the President to help him thwart the investigation, help him stop the investigation. So what this is all about today is to pass a resolution that would result in the Justice Department, which is conducting the investigation of the President, to turn over documents that go to the heart of the investigation. Now, why do they want the Department of Justice to turn that documentation over to them? Well, so that it can be leaked, leaked to FOX News, get back to the President, and then the President will be in a much better position to do what he does when it comes to being investigated criminally. And what it all adds up to, ladies and gentlemen, is politics trumping justice. You never investigate an investigation that is ongoing. You wait until that investigation is over, then you judge the investigation as to whether or not it was fair. So everything that the Republicans are doing here today is against justice; it is against the rule of law; it is against the Constitution; and it is against the America that we all hold dear. This is a stretching, a warping of the power of the legislative branch. They are seeking to use their power to put their heavy thumb and hand on the scale of justice. I heard one of my colleagues say that justice should be blind, and, yes, Lady Justice does have a blindfold on so that she cannot see. What these Republicans are trying to do today, ladies and gentlemen, is to remove the blindfold on Lady Justice to let Lady Justice reveal an injustice, to let this President use Lady Justice, as he has used women in the past, to take away the sanctity of this Nation. Mr. Speaker, this is hurtful to our Nation. I would ask my colleagues on the other side to please think about what they are doing. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I might remind the Speaker and all those who are in this Chamber today that this is about this very fundamental principle of this institution being able to do oversight. Since when is it not a good idea to have the documents from all agencies brought forth to this body so that the American people can judge for themselves? Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GARRETT ). Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, it is one of my great pleasures to educate young people about the United States Constitution. I find myself in an interesting position today because the people that I am educating aren’t that young. One of my colleagues said that we are requesting documents to which we are not entitled. Checks and balances, anyone? We are entitled to whatever we ask for from agencies we established and fund and oversee. Someone also said we are showing that politics is bigger than the law. Mr. Speaker, the Constitution of the United States is the law. This should have never come to this point that we should need a resolution of the House of Representatives to indicate that an executive branch entity that is funded by, established by, and overseen by this very House of Representatives should be compelled to give to us that to which we are entitled. The next vote is a symptom of a much greater disease. We have a petulant Department of Justice defended by a petulant minority party. Article I, section 8, Necessary and Proper Clause: It is the power of the legislature to establish comprehensive entities, to oversee such executive entities, and to fund such executive entities. Mr. Speaker, we just witnessed a vote where 224 people, along party lines, voted to compel an executive branch entity established and funded by this body to do its job; and 182, along party lines, voted against having them be responsive to the checks and balances established in the Constitution of the United States. There shouldn’t even need to be a vote. Have the ‘‘nays’’ not read the Constitution? or do they just not care? We established the DOJ. They refuse the oversight like a petulant child by withholding documents. Perhaps the time has come to look at our third responsibility, and that is the money. If President Trump won’t compel disclosure, if DOJ won’t comply with the instruction of the body that established them and funds them, perhaps it is time to dock this petulant child’s allowance. The power of the purse is ours. In a perfect world, DOJ would never face such sanctions. But as the vote that we just witnessed has indicated, we don’t live in a perfect world. So as I see it, there are two options: DOJ can do their job and turn over the documents, or I and others of like mind can demand that we began to stop funding this petulant child who flaunts its ridiculous unissued power in the face of those who understand the Constitution and the citizens of the United States. It is unconstitutional; it is arrogant and insubordinate; and it should stop; and any ruse of legality that is delightfully tap danced on by those who conveniently use the Constitution when it suits and then pervert it when it does not is not the direction this country needs to go if our tomorrows shall be as prosperous as our yesterdays. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ), the vice ranking member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Judiciary Committee and a professor of constitutional law, I rise against this uncommonly silly and unprecedented socalled resolution of insistence. We have already received hundreds of thousands of documents from the Department of Justice, and yet now they want to subpoena information relating directly to an ongoing criminal and counterintelligence investigation which the majority knows full well the Department of Justice cannot and will not release to us. And why are they doing it? Well, presumably it is all to manufacture a constitutional crisis so somebody can get fired over there, so they can impeach Rosenstein, as they are talking in the Judiciary Committee, so they can sack the Attorney General, so they can get rid of Mueller, or whatever. Do your jobs. Look what is going on in America. We have got more than 2,000 kids who are separated from their families by the policy of this administration. Their parents don’t know where they are. Let’s do our job. Let’s reunify those kids with their parents. We saw the Parkland massacre. We saw the Las Vegas massacre. We saw the massacre in San Bernardino County. We have not had one hearing on a universal criminal and mental background check that is desired by 97 percent of the American people—not one hearing. Instead, we are caught up in this nonsense because they can’t get over Hillary Clinton’s emails. Enough. Get over it. Do your jobs. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Arizona says there is a loose fence in America. There is a loose fence. Fifteen U.S. intelligence agencies told us in January of 2017 that Russian agents had engaged in activemeasure campaigns to undermine the American election. They had a propaganda campaign to put poison on the internet through Facebook and through other social media. They directly conducted a campaign of cyber espionage and sabotage against the Democratic National Committee, and they tried to break in to our election systems in more than 20 States. And what have they done with the loose fence? Nothing. They have helped to open the gates. That is what we should be talking about today, not this ludicrous, absurd resolution. b1100 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I ask the Speaker if he would remind others that are in this well, that if they are really concerned about family reunification, I have a bill—and the gentleman opposite is certainly welcome to come in and cosponsor that bill—to reunify those. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH), my good friend. 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman and appreciate the time. I would say that that is a good bill, and I am glad to have been an original cosponsor with the gentleman from North Carolina on the bill related to making sure that families are not separated. Now, the previous gentleman also said for us to do our jobs. It is curious, because, as I understand it, part of our job is to make sure that we are overseeing the Federal Government. Our Founding Fathers created something that had never been created before, a checksandbalance system. There was supposed to be a natural tension between the various branches, and Congress is supposed to be an equal branch with the power of oversight over the administrative branch to make sure that they are following the laws and to make sure that they are meting out justice evenhandedly. That is what this resolution is about. But Congress too often sits back and does not do anything. It just says: Oh, well, we can’t get that information. We are so sorry. This resolution points out that we have been patiently waiting for some of these documents for years, for months, for weeks, for the administrative branch of government to respond to its coequal branch, the United States Congress, and they have refused to do so. I would submit that this is a very measured resolution; that it does not immediately call for holding somebody in contempt, or holding somebody to find that somebody should be impeached. It says, instead: Here is the deadline. What we are trying to seek here are the facts. If you are afraid of the facts, then, yes, you stand up on the floor and you rail about all other kinds of issues. But the facts, the truth, needs to come out for the American people. So I would submit that this resolution is very reasonable and ought to be passed. Because if there is not a response, it is our duty to hold those who do not respond properly in contempt. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BYRNE ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, it is our duty, as this Congress, to find and to hold in contempt those people who do not respond, and then to take their persons into possession and have them explain to a judge how it is that they plan to purge themselves of that contempt. It is reasonable that we give them notice before such action is taken. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ), the distinguished ranking member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this resolution. If this was oversight, I would be in strong support of any effort to seek production, but it is not. This is not oversight. It is collaboration with the Executive masquerading as oversight. Or if this is oversight, it is oversight of the most obsequious kind. It is oversight in the nature of: How may we serve you, dear President? It is oversight that asks: What is your will, dear President? It is oversight that says: We are not worthy, dear President. It is oversight that says: We shall seek, but you shall find, Mr. President, because what we obtained we shall provide to your legal defense team, or we shall selectively leak or misrepresent in your service. It is oversight in the nature of not desiring an outcome, not desiring the production of documents, but, rather, the production of a fight, the production of a pretext to give the dear President a pretext to fire Rod Rosenstein or Bob Mueller. I have served on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence now for almost a decade, and while I cannot disclose the number of FISA applications during the course of those 10 years, I can tell you the number of times that my Republican colleagues have sought the underlying investigatory materials behind a specific FISA application, and that number is one. That case is this case, and that case just happens to implicate our dear President. It is not that there are no areas that call out for oversight right now. There are too many to count. Why is it that after sanctioning ZTE for violating Iran sanctions and violating North Korea sanctions, the President abruptly changed course out of an ostensible concern for Chinese jobs? Is it because the Chinese invested $500 million in a Trumpbranded property? That is worthy of oversight. Is the First Family seeking to do business with Gulf or other allies while making U.S. policy? Is U.S. policy for sale? That is worthy of oversight. Is the President seeking to raise postal rates on Amazon to punish The Washington Post and suppress the freedom of press? That is worthy of oversight. But none of this is oversight. Speaker Boehner recently said that the Republican Party was off taking a nap somewhere. If that is so, then despite the best efforts of our capable ranking member, ELIJAH CUMMINGS , the Oversight and Government Reform Committee that should be doing this oversight is in the midst of the deepest slumber. Wake up, my colleagues, and do your jobs. Wake up and end this duplicitous attack on the Department of Justice and the FBI and our special counsel because this is surely not oversight. It is not what oversight looks like. But it is what an attack on the rule of law looks like. It is what happens when we whittle away our democracy one piece by terrible piece. When this chapter of our history is written, it will condemn the actions of a President who little understands or respects the institutions of our democracy. But it will reserve some of the harshest criticism for this Congress that enabled him, this Congress that knew its responsibility but failed to live up to it. Wake up, Republican Party. Wake up, my colleagues. The country needs you. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from California. Mr. SCHIFF. Wake up, my colleagues. True oversight, when the President occupies the same party as the majority in Congress, requires that majority to put country over party. It is incompatible with the corrupting principle of party over everything else. Wake up, my colleagues, and do your jobs. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, that is exactly what we are trying to do. We are trying to do our job, and the gentleman opposite makes an eloquent speech about doing our job of proper oversight. I can tell you, I have served on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee for 6 years. And in that 6 years, not only have we been tenacious in getting documents, but we have also had a responsive dialogue back and forth with many in the executive branch. At what point do you do oversight if you can’t get the very documents that we request? My friends on the other side of the aisle many times will talk about getting documents when it serves a particular political purpose that they want to espouse. And, yet, when we are talking about the fundamentals of this country, Lady Justice, and meting out justice without any favoritism, indeed, that is why we need the documents. That is why we are trying to do our job, and that is why this resolution is so critical. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE), my good friend. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I deeply appreciate my good friend from North Carolina for affording me the opportunity to speak. Mr. Speaker, I find it interesting that when those from the other side have an empty argument, their answer is to yell loud and to rail on issues that are unrelated to that which we are currently discussing. Mr. Speaker, our Founders made it very clear when they drafted the Constitution that we have a system of government that keeps each branch accountable to the Constitution and the rule of law. For nearly 18 months now, the Department of Justice has attempted to shield itself from the legislative branch’s duty to conduct oversight. That is, and ought to be, both alarming and absolutely unacceptable. 
Mr. Speaker, we know clearly from the IG report here recently, text after text, email after email, that there were a number of FBI agents who were extremely biased against the Trump administration, the Trump candidacy, and in favor of Hillary Clinton. We know that bias existed. We also know that many of them were willing to use their position, their status, to try to influence the election. These are things that we know. And we, as a legislative body, have not only the responsibility to do oversight, but we have got to have the information in order to do that oversight. That is what this resolution is all about. I think it is important for all of us to come back to the understanding, the realization, that oversight is necessary to prevent corruption. That is what this is all about. The American people, not just Members of Congress, have the right to get answers to the questions that are before us. This is all for the purpose of preventing corruption that may exist and to prevent it from going further. This resolution is a clear message to the Department of Justice that the U.S. House of Representatives is determined to get the documents that have been requested. Even a single page from these missing documents could be critical to the overall congressional investigation that is underway. It is all necessary. There are irrefutable facts, Mr. Speaker. The Department of Justice is accountable to Congress. Another fact: They are hiding documents. They are refusing to cooperate. We have, even beyond that now, the chilling reports that the Deputy Attorney General personally threatened staff members on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. This is unacceptable. So under this resolution, the full force of the House is being brought to light, Mr. Speaker. We have got to get to the bottom of this. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), the distinguished Democratic leader of the House. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and I thank him for his extraordinary leadership in articulating what is right, what honors our oath of office to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States, the separation of power contained therein, and the integrity of our judicial system. I also thank our distinguished ranking member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Mr. SCHIFF , for his leadership, his courage, and his beautiful and inspirational statement this morning, full of facts, but also full of values. Mr. Speaker, I rise today not only as leader, but also as one who has served on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence as a member, as a ranking member, and as an ex officio since the early 1990s. And I can say, while I have seen a lot in that time, I have never seen anything that has stooped so low on the part of the Republicans as what they are doing today. It is just as if they have said, you take an oath of office to the Constitution. We took an oath of office to Donald Trump. It is shocking. And many of these are lawyers. I don’t know how they justify or reconcile that. And so it is with great dismay that I see them doing violence to this body, to this Constitution, to this judiciary system, and to this country. They are so curious about prying into a legal case, but they don’t have the faintest interest in looking into what the Russians did to disrupt our elections. Not one hearing, nothing. No oversight, nothing. b1115 Why is that? Why is that? Now they are saying they must, they have a right to know this, that, and the other thing. They have no right to do that. So I am not going to take up any more time. I said my piece on this. But I do want to acknowledge that Mr. SCHUMER and I, as well as Mr. SCHIFF and Senator W ARNER , the ranking member on the Senate side, sent a letter to the Honorable Rosenstein, the Deputy Attorney General, and to Christopher Wray, the Director of the FBI, saying to them: Please, please, do not yield on any of this. Your role in preserving the integrity and, most importantly, our justice system has become ever more vital. First of all, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I hope that some Republicans will do what is right and urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this. This is taking us into very dangerous territory. If the Democrats wanted power, I would say the same thing. We wouldn’t want to have this access. You shouldn’t have this access. This is wrong. Again, if you are honoring your salute and your oath of office to Donald Trump, then vote ‘‘yes.’’ If you are honoring your oath of office to the Constitution of the United States, then vote ‘‘no.’’ 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, June 27, 2018. [Unclassified] Hon. RODJ. R OSENSTEIN , Deputy Attorney General of the United States, United States Department of Justice, Washington, DC. Hon. CHRISTOPHER WRAY, Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Washington, DC. DEAR DEPUTY ATTORNEY GENERAL ROSEN STEIN AND DIRECTOR WRAY: Earlier this month, you provided important verbal assurances in response to our June 5, 2018 letter to you. In that letter, we expressed deep and ongoing concern about President Donald Trump and his legal team’s persistent efforts to interfere with the Special Counsel’s ongoing investigation and undermine your agencies’ lawful and appropriate activities. In particular, we underscored that, if fulfilled, demands by the President’s personal attorney, Rudy Giuliani, that the White House and the President’s lawyers be given access to classified information and investigatory material of the utmost sensitivity—including information related to the Special Counsel’s ongoing investigation that implicates the President’s own campaign and his associates—would grossly violate our system of checks and balances, longstanding, well founded, and established procedure, and fundamental norms. You confirmed that the Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) will not provide the White House or any of the President’s attorneys with access to such sensitive information. You also assured that briefings and materials related to this matter would not be shared with others in Congress beyond the ‘‘Gang of 8.’’ Unfortunately, it appears that part of this assurance has already been breached. As of June 20, 2018, the Department has made available to a wider group of Members and staff materials directly related, and similar in kind, to the information that was supposed to be restricted to the ‘‘Gang of 8.’’ This followed recent pressure from House and Senate Republicans on DOJ and FBI not to adhere to ‘‘Gang of 8’’ restrictions on access to and dissemination of information that can implicate sources and methods and/ or ongoing investigations. The Department and Bureau’s departure in this matter from longstanding policy and precedent governing your agencies’ relationship with Congress risks a repeat of similar mistakes that the DOJ Office of the Inspector General recently identified in his review of the Clinton ‘‘Midyear’’ investigation. In 2016, DOJ broke with past practice by making investigative files in the Clinton investigation available to Congress, while the Bureau, in the name of ‘‘maximal transparency,’’ publicly disclosed information related to the investigation at key junctures. In his June 2018 report, the DOJ Inspector General correctly criticized this sharp deviation from DOJ and FBI guidelines: ‘‘The Department and the FBI do not practice ‘‘maximal transparency’’ in criminal investigations. It is not a value reflected in the regulations, policies, or customs guiding FBI actions in pending criminal investigations. To the contrary, the guidance to agents and prosecutors is precisely the opposite—no transparency except in rare and exceptional circumstances due to the potential harm to both the investigation and to the reputation of anyone under investigation.’’ This harmful cycle is now repeating itself with respect to the criminal and counterintelligence investigation into Russia’s 2016 election interference and any links and/or coordination between the Russian government and individuals associated with the campaign of President Trump. The President’s congressional allies are applying growing pressure on your agencies, in line with the President’s improper demand for ‘‘total transparency,’’ to disclose sensitive information and material that is not usually shared with Congress and that relate directly to the ongoing investigation into President Trump, his own campaign, and his associates. Unfortunately, DOJ and FBI are increasingly bowing to this pressure, despite the corrosive implications. Unlike the Clinton investigation, your agencies are disclosing sensitive material to Congress even though the Russia investigation is ongoing under the leadership of the Special Counsel and your oversight. And given the pending nature of the Special Counsel’s investigation, these persistent and unrelenting document requests are not for legitimate oversight purposes. Rather, time and again, sensitive information shared with Congress has been selectively and misleadingly seeded into the public domain to advance the President and his legal team’s strategy of undermining 
public trust in DOJ and the FBI and attacking the legitimacy of the Special Counsel and his ongoing investigation. Every such disclosure to Congress, moreover, has and will continue to result in demands for more information about the ongoing investigation, which the Department and the Bureau will be unable to satisfy without further contravening its own policies and norms. With every disclosure, DOJ and FBI are reinforcing a precedent it will have to uphold, whether the Congress is in Republican or Democratic hands, of providing materials in pending or closed cases to the legislative branch upon request. As the attacks on the Special Counsel intensify, it is imperative that you withstand pressure on DOJ and FBI to violate established procedures and norms. Your role in preserving the integrity of the Special Counsel’s investigation and, most importantly, our justice system has become even more vital. We would appreciate your written reply and your confirmation of this understanding. Sincerely, NANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives. ADAMB. S CHIFF , Ranking Member, House of Representatives, Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. CHARLES E. S CHUMER , Democratic Leader, U.S. Senate. MARKR. W ARNER , Vice Chairman, U.S. Senate, Select Committee on Intelligence. 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, obviously, the gentlewoman from California lays out an unbelievable claim that this is the lowest of low that has ever been seen in this body. I find that just remarkable that that statement could even be made. The other issue is we are not asking for any special counsel documents. We are not asking for sources and methods. We are asking for the documents that we have a right, as this body, to see. Transparency is a good thing, Mr. Speaker. Transparency is what the American people deserve. When we are talking about what it will do and what it will not do, yes, when we get these documents, we believe that it will do away with this whole fiasco of what they call the RussianTrump collusion, because there wasn’t any. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. DAVIDSON ). Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I will applaud former Speaker PELOSI for her consistency. She seems to have uniformly supported the executive branch ignoring subpoenas and perhaps destroying evidence in failing to comply with the rule of the House, with a subpoena being issued by the House, with the important precedent of the Constitution. So this really isn’t about the Russia investigation or about the specifics of this case. So, frankly, I find it appalling that Attorney General Sessions would ignore these activities in the Department of Justice. The reality is this is a question of, Shall the executive branch comply with a subpoena from the legislative branch? We don’t know what the contents are because they are redacted and they are being withheld. This has gone on for a long time. And if we are to keep our Republic, the principle has to be resolved to where the legislative branch, being coequal, very much shall have access to this information—and not just a privileged few, not just a few who keep it withheld from the rest of the body, but the whole body. Since last year, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence has investigated potential abuses of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act by the Department of Justice and our intelligence community. Previously, our colleague, Mr. SCHIFF , was a strong supporter for FISA reform and proposed numerous bills. So that is where our colleagues on the other side of the aisle are not consistent. FISA has been abused. We have seen one of the most blatant examples of that with the activities and things that have already been made public, which has led to this line of inquiry. Americans should be concerned that the Federal Government may abuse its capacity to gather foreign intelligence by spying on our fellow Americans. Without serious reforms to FISA, the Fourth Amendment will exist as nothing more than a distant memory or a notation with an asterisk ‘‘except in these cases.’’ This resolution insists that the Department of Justice fully comply with requests, including subpoenas, of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and Judiciary Committees relating to potential violations of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. Unless we support and defend our Constitution, we will not keep our Republic, we will further embolden and empower the executive branch, and we will weaken our country. This bill will help reform FISA and help defend our Constitution. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to close. I am not going to repeat what I said before. I will summarize. The request being made here is for information that the Department of Justice cannot provide because it relates to an ongoing criminal investigation and because some of it would identify informants. The motive is probably simply to politically embarrass the Department and provide a means of embarrassing and defaming the special prosecutor and the people associated with him in the Department. I will read from a letter that the Deputy Attorney General sent to Senator GRASSLEY and the Speaker of the House yesterday. He quotes the following: ‘‘Throughout American history, wise legislators have worked with Department officials to limit oversight requests in order to respect the Department’s duty to protect national security, preserve personal privacy, and insulate investigations from the appearance of interference. For instance, the Department sent a letter to a House committee chair in 2000 describing the Department’s policies on responding to congressional oversight requests. The letter explains:’’—I am now quoting from the 2000 letter—‘‘Such inquiries inescapably create the risk that the public and the courts will perceive political and congressional influence over law enforcement and litigation decisions. Such inquiries also often seek records and other information that our responsibilities for these matters preclude us from disclosing.’’ That is the end of the quote from the 2000 letter. ‘‘The letter quotes President Ronald Reagan, who wrote that a ‘tradition of accommodation should continue as the primary means of resolving conflicts between the branches.’ Regardless of whether an interbranch information request is made by letter or subpoena, the relationship between the branches gives rise to ‘an implicit constitutional mandate,’ to ‘reach an accommodation short of fullscale confrontation.’’’— quote from President Reagan. ‘‘It must not be the case that the Department is required to risk damage to reputations, put cases and lives at risk, and invite political interference by opening sensitive files to congressional staff without restriction.’’—from the letter from Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein. That is exactly what these requests would do. They would risk damage to reputations, put cases and lives at risk—already two people, two informants, have had their identities outed— and invite political interference by opening sensitive files to congressional staff without restriction. We ought to let the special counsel complete his work without hindrance. We ought to see whatever the special counsel finds, react to it as appropriate, and perhaps hold hearings into the findings when we see them. All we know about the special counsel so far— unlike all the allegations against him and his investigation, it is a witch hunt, it is this, and it is that. All we really know is that there are 20 indictments, five guilty pleas, and we know what he has pleaded in court. There have been leaks, so you can’t really say anything about the investigation other than, in this time period, they have already gotten 20 indictments, five guilty pleas, including from some of the closest people to the President in his administration and in his campaign. We will see where it goes from there. These requests are an attempt to sabotage the investigation, and we should not go along with it. 
U.S. D EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE , OFFICE OF THE DEPUTY ATTORNEY  GENERAL , Washington, DC, June 27, 2018. Hon. CHARLES GRASSLEY , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN GRASSLEY : Thank you for your letter of May 17, 2018, and for meeting with me last Thursday, along with Ranking Member Feinstein. I appreciate your commitment to allow the Special Counsel investigation ‘‘to follow the facts wherever they lead without any improper outside interference.’’ I know that you and Ranking Member Feinstein share my commitment to protecting the integrity of federal investigations. Agents and prosecutors must base each decision on neutral standards and credible evidence. As we seek to do in all cases, the Department of Justice will complete the Special Counsel investigation as promptly as is feasible. When the investigation is finished, I anticipate that any objective and nonpartisan review will conclude that the Department consistently sought to make reasonable decisions and to comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, and practices. Legal, ethical, and policy obligations often prevent prosecutors from responding to criticism. As Attorney General Robert Jackson observed in 1940, prosecutors have a duty ‘‘to face any temporary criticism’’ and ‘‘maintain a dispassionate, disinterested, and impartial enforcement of the law.’’ The Inspector General’s report addresses the consequences of trying to preempt criticism by disregarding principles that prohibit public statements, leaks to the media, and improper disclosures to the Congress about criminal investigations. Department officials must defend those principles in order to ensure that all investigations remain independent of partisan politics. We do not compete to win the hourly news cycle. 
AND DELEGATED AUTHORITY  I determined that the appointment of Special Counsel Mueller to take charge of criminal matters that were already under investigation by federal agents and prosecutors was warranted under the Special Counsel regulation. The appointment order mentions 28 C.F.R. 600.4 to 600.10 because they bear on the authority and duties of the Special Counsel. The public order did not identify the crimes or subjects because such publicity would be wrong and unfair, just as it would have been wrong and unfair to reveal that information prior to Special Counsel’s appointment, and just as it would be wrong and unfair in other cases handled by a U.S. Attorney or Assistant Attorney General. So long as the Attorney General or the Acting Attorney General remains accountable, there is federal statutory and regulatory authority to assign matters to a Special Counsel, just as the Attorney General and the Deputy Attorney General (even when the Attorney General is not recused) have authority to assign matters to an Acting U.S. Attorney or any other Department official. The U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia recognized as much in its opinion in Manafort v. United States. When Special Counsel Mueller was appointed, he received comprehensive briefings about the relevant allegations and documents that described them in considerable detail, as with previous special counsel appointments. Some of the FBI agents who were investigating those matters continued to do so. The Department assigned a team of career and noncareer officials to provide supervision and assist the Acting Attorney General in determining which leads should be handled by the Special Counsel and which by other Department prosecutors, and to review any proposed indictments in conjunction with Department components that ordinarily would review them. The regulation states that the Special Counsel has the powers and authority of a 
U.S. Attorney (who may or may not be Senateconfirmed) and must follow Department policies and procedures. Under those policies and procedures, the Department should reveal information about a criminal investigation only when it is necessary to assist the criminal investigation or to protect public safety. In August 2017, Special Counsel Mueller received a written internal memorandum from the Acting Attorney General. The memorandum eliminated the ability of any subject, target, or defendant to argue that the Special Counsel lacked delegated authority under 28 U.S.C. §515 to represent the United States. The names of the subjects were already in Department files, but we did not publicly disclose them because to do so would violate the Department’s confidentiality policies. Many of the questions raised in your letter concern the distinction between a counterintelligence investigation and a criminal investigation. The primary goal of a counterintelligence investigation is to protect against national security threats by, among other things, collecting intelligence information and disrupting foreign influence operations. The goal of a criminal investigation is to determine whether there is sufficient evidence to prosecute a criminal suspect in federal court. There was a ‘‘wall’’ between the two prior to September 11, 2001. There is no longer a wall, but agents and prosecutors are mindful that counterintelligence investigations may be broader than any criminal prosecutions that they generate. The public announcement of the Special Counsel’s appointment purposefully included no details beyond what Director Comey had disclosed at a public House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence hearing on March 20, 2017. Director Comey revealed that: the FBI, as part of our counterintelligence mission, is investigating the Russian government’s efforts to interfere in the 2016 presidential election, and that includes investigating the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government, and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia’s efforts. As with any counterintelligence investigation, this will also include an assessment of whether any crimes were committed. Because it is an open, ongoing investigation, and is classified, I cannot say more about what we are doing and whose conduct we are examining. At the request of congressional leaders, we have taken the extraordinary step . . . of briefing this Congress’s leaders, including the leaders of this Committee, in a classified setting, in detail about the investigation. As is now publicly known, the Department of Justice and the FBI were conducting several investigations with potential relevance to Russian interference in the 2016 election when Special Counsel Mueller was appointed in May 2017. The public order explained that the Special Counsel will ‘‘ensure a full and thorough investigation of the Russian government’s efforts to interfere in the 2016 presidential election.’’ Special Counsel Mueller is authorized to investigate potential criminal offenses. Counterintelligence investigations involving any current or future Russian election interference are not the Special Counsel’s responsibility. 
CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT REQUESTS  Department of Justice and FBI personnel are working diligently and in good faith to provide an unprecedented level of congressional access to information that members of Congress believe may be relevant. Our responses to the many related and overlapping congressional inquiries are consistent with longstanding best practices. We respond as quickly as possible to the inquiries and accommodate requests when possible. We cannot fulfill requests that would compromise the independence and integrity of investigations, jeopardize intelligence sources and methods, or create the appearance of political interference. We need to follow the rules. In 2016 and 2017, thenDirector Comey made disclosures to the public and to Congress that he has acknowledged would not have been appropriate under regular order. He maintains that his 2016 statements to the public and to the Congress about the Hillary Clinton email investigation were justified by unique circumstances comparable to a ‘‘500 year flood.’’ He further believes that his 2017 disclosures about the investigation of alleged links between the Russian government agents who interfered in the election and persons associated with the Trump campaign were an ‘‘extraordinary step’’ justified by ‘‘unusual circumstances.’’ It is important for the Department of Justice to follow established policies and procedures, especially when the stakes are high. It may seem tempting to depart from Department policies and traditions in an effort to deflect shortterm criticism, but such deviations ultimately may cause a loss of public confidence in the evenhanded administration of justice. We should be most on guard when we believe that our own uncomfortable present circumstances justify ignoring timeless principles respected by our predecessors. I urge you and your colleagues to support us in following the rules. At my confirmation hearing, I promised that Department employees would conduct ourselves ‘‘with deep respect for the institution and employees of the Department of Justice, with acute understanding of our role in the constitutional structure, and with profound appreciation of our weighty responsibilities. My commitment to the Department’s longstanding traditions carries with it an obligation to ensure that we keep pending law enforcement matters separate from the sphere of politics and that there be no perception that our law enforcement decisions are influenced by partisan politics or pressure from legislators. Regardless of political affiliation, thoughtful former Department leaders recognize that departures from our confidentiality policies pose an extraordinary threat to the Department’s independence and integrity. Former Deputy Attorneys General Larry Thompson and Jamie Gorelick explained that the Department of Justice ‘‘operates under longstanding and wellestablished traditions limiting disclosure of ongoing investigations to the public and even to Congress. . . . These traditions protect the integrity of the department. . . .’’ Violating those policies and disclosing information about criminal investigations constitutes ‘‘realtime, rawtake transparency taken to its illogical limit, a kind of reality TV of federal criminal investigation’’ that is ‘‘antithetical to the interests of justice.’’ Punishing wrongdoers through judicial proceedings is only one part of the Department’s mission. We also have a duty to prevent the disclosure of information that would unfairly tarnish people who are not charged with crimes. In 1941, Attorney General Robert Jackson explained that disclosing information about federal investigations to Congress could cause ‘‘the grossest kind of injustice to innocent individuals,’’ and create ‘‘serious prejudice to the future usefulness of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.’’ It is useful to quote at length from the Attorney General’s letter: [W]e have made extraordinary efforts to see that the results of counterespionage activities and intelligence activities of this Department involving those elements are kept within the fewest possible hands. A catalogue of persons under investigation or suspicion, and what we know about them, would be of inestimable service to foreign agencies; and information which could be so used cannot be too closely guarded. Moreover, disclosure of the reports would be of serious prejudice to the future usefulness of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. As you probably know, much of this information is given in confidence and can only be obtained upon pledge not to disclose its sources. A disclosure of the sources would embarrass informants—sometimes in their employment, sometimes in their social relations, and in extreme cases might even endanger their lives. We regard the keeping of faith with confidential informants as an indispensable condition of future efficiency. Disclosure of information contained in the reports might also be the grossest kind of injustice to innocent individuals. Investigative reports include leads and suspicions, and sometimes even the statements of malicious or misinformed people. Even though later and more complete reports exonerate the individuals, the use of particular or selected reports might constitute the grossest injustice, and we all know that a correction never catches up with an accusation. In concluding that the public interest does not permit general access to Federal Bureau of Investigation reports for information by the many congressional committees who from time to time ask it, I am following the conclusions reached by a long line of distinguished predecessors in this office who have uniformly taken the same view....  Since the beginning of the Government, the executive branch has from time to time been confronted with the unpleasant duty of declining to furnish to the Congress and to the courts information which it has acquired and which is necessary to it in the administration of statutes. Attorney General Jackson’s letter mentioned that the pending congressional request was ‘‘one of the many made by congressional committees.’’ He understood the profoundly harmful consequences of proceeding down a road that would empower congressional members and staffers to choose which federal investigations should be publicized. Congressional leaders respected Attorney General Jackson’s obligation to do the job he swore an oath to perform—‘‘well and faithfully execute the duties of the office’’ —by preserving the independence of federal law enforcement and protecting it from political influence. President Eisenhower later agreed, finding that ‘‘it is essential to the successful working of our system that the persons entrusted with power in any of the three great branches of government shall not encroach upon the authority confided to the others.’’ Requiring the Department of Justice to disclose details about criminal investigations would constitute a dangerous departure from important principles. Criminal prosecutions should be relatively transparent—because the public should know the grounds for finding a citizen guilty of criminal offenses and imposing punishment—but criminal investigations emphatically are not supposed to be transparent. In fact, disclosing uncharged allegations against American citizens without a lawenforcement need is considered to be a violation of a prosecutor’s trust. As stated in the Department’s Principles of Federal Prosecution: In all public filings and proceedings, federal prosecutors should remain sensitive to the privacy and reputation interests of uncharged thirdparties. In the context of public plea and sentencing proceedings, this 
SURVEILLANCE ACT APPLICATIONS  Finally, you asked whether I delegated approval authority under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. Such approval authority is not delegable beyond the approving officials designated in the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. FISA affidavits are written and sworn under oath by career federal agents who verify that they are true and correct. They are reviewed by investigative agency supervisors and attorneys, and by Department of Justice attorneys and supervisors. Before filing, they must be approved by an intelligence agency leader, usually the FBI Director, and by either the Attorney General, the Deputy Attorney General, or the Assistant Attorney General for the National Security Division. In every case, the ultimate decision on whether to allow surveillance is made by a federal judge who independently determines whether the evidence provided under oath by the federal agent meets the requisite legal standard. 
CONCLUSION  I hope that you find this information helpful. I regret that the many duties of my office preclude me from responding personally to every congressional inquiry. I am deeply grateful to have the support of a talented and dedicated team that understands our obligation to work cooperatively with the Congress to protect the American people and preserve the rule of law. Sincerely, RODJ. R OSENSTEIN . Deputy Attorney General. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ). Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Res. 970. I would like to thank my colleagues, Congressman MARK MEADOWS and J IM JORDAN . First off, from my conversations with members of the Justice Department, I have been very impressed with their feedback of seeing just how high morale has gone over the course of the last year and a half because they are able to do their jobs again. You were seeing prosecution numbers and certain metrics in these different U.S. Attorney Offices going down. Their hands were being tied behind their back. We talked about the military having their hands tied behind their back, the rules of engagement. We saw our Justice Department, our U.S. attorneys, and our FBI with their hands tied between their back. And their morale is going up. Now, I’m not going to subscribe to those in this Chamber and in this country who want to resist, oppose, obstruct, and impeach this President on everything and anything. That is their top priority in life; that is not mine. My priority is, when I see that there is misconduct at the highest levels of the Department of Justice and the FBI, as a Member of Congress, taking my oath seriously to my own constituents and to this country, I demand answers. It is about transparency and it is about accountability. I have a 12page resolution that we introduced, H. Res. 907. It has up to 33 cosponsors. What is interesting about this resolution is it is 12 pages outlining and detailing all this misconduct, calling for a second special counsel, and not one person has been able to poke any hole and a single bullet in this entire 12page document. I have a problem with it when those in the Justice Department say that they can’t provide a document because it risks national security. You read the document and find that nothing in there risks national security. Actually what the problem was is that it might cause embarrassment to someone in the DOJ and the FBI. That is why it wasn’t provided. I don’t like it when you see FISA abuse that results in a United States citizen being spied on: going to a secret court with secret documents to get a warrant without due process and providing the full story. It is all about justice, transparency, and accountability. MARK MEADOWS  has been leading the fight to get more documents. I support him with it. The Justice Department needs to comply. 
We have an oversight function, and I do not subscribe to those in this Chamber who want to oppose, obstruct, resist, and impeach. That is not the path forward for America. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I think I made the case clear. I think Mr. ZELDIN  has added nothing to the debate that I have to refute. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman opposite for his impassioned arguments and debate on this issue. I thank all of those who have come down to the floor today to stand up for this institution’s right to provide proper oversight and conduct it according to the Constitution, but, more importantly, for good transparency. Transparency is a good thing, and I think it is high time that we do it. For 8 months, Mr. Speaker, we have made a request of the Department of Justice. They have not fully complied. On March 22, 99 days ago, we sent a subpoena giving them 14 days. They did not comply. Two weeks ago, the Speaker of the House actually reached out and said, ‘‘You have another week.’’ They did not comply. This is our last attempt to give them the benefit of the doubt that they have nothing to hide. They need to start acting like it, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, I encourage a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 971, the previous question is ordered on the resolution and on the preamble. The question is on adoption of the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 226, nays 183, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 17, as follows: 
Abraham Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—183 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Aderholt Black Costello (PA) Crowley Ellison Eshoo Grijalva Grothman Jones Labrador Luetkemeyer Pelosi Speier Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1154 Mr. BUCSHON changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HOLDING ). Pursuant to House Resolution 964 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 6157. Will the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) kindly take the chair. b1155 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Mr. BYRNE (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Wednesday, June 27, 2018, a request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 29 printed in House Report 115–785 offered by the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ) had been postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 115–785 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 7 by Mr. GALLAGHER  of Wisconsin. Amendment No. 8 by Mr. GALLAGHER  of Wisconsin. Amendment No. 15 by Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. 
Amendment No. 24 by Mr. F OSTER of Illinois. Amendment No. 29 by Mr. COURTNEY  of Connecticut. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . GALLAGHER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GALLA GHER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 116, noes 296, not voting 15, as follows: 
Abraham Bacon Banks (IN) Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Budd Byrne Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Courtney Curbelo (FL) Davidson Demings DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Emmer Fitzpatrick Flores Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gohmert Gosar Gottheimer Graves (MO) Griffith Handel Hartzler Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hunter Jenkins (WV) Jordan Katko Keating Kelly (MS) King (IA) King (NY) Knight Kuster (NH) LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Larsen (WA) Lesko Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Marino Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Mooney (WV) Moulton Murphy (FL) Norcross Norman O’Halleran Palmer Panetta Peterson Posey Rogers (AL) Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Rosen Russell Ryan (OH) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner SheaPorter Shuster Sinema Stefanik Stivers Tenney Thornberry Tipton Turner Wagner Walker Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Adams Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Connolly Cooper Costa Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Harris Hastings Heck Hensarling Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kustoff (TN) LaHood Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McHenry McNerney Meeks Meng Messer Moolenaar Moore Mullin Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Yoho Zeldin 
Aderholt Black Costello (PA) Crowley Ellison Eshoo Grothman Jones Labrador Pelosi Speier Suozzi Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1200 Mr. BISHOP of Michigan changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. GOSAR and RYAN of Ohio changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . GALLAGHER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GALLA GHER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 115, noes 296, not voting 16, as follows: 
Abraham Bacon Banks (IN) Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Budd Byrne Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Courtney Crist Curbelo (FL) Davidson Demings DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Emmer Fitzpatrick Flores Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gohmert Gosar Gottheimer Graves (MO) Handel Hartzler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hunter Jenkins (WV) Jordan Katko Keating Kelly (MS) King (NY) Knight Kuster (NH) LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lesko Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loudermilk Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Marino Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Mooney (WV) Moulton Murphy (FL) Norcross Norman O’Halleran Palmer Panetta Peterson Posey Rogers (AL) Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Rosen Russell Ryan (OH) Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner SheaPorter Shuster Sinema Stefanik Stivers Tenney Thornberry Tipton Turner Wagner Walker Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Adams Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Connolly Cooper Costa Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Harris Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kustoff (TN) LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McNerney Meeks Meng Messer Moolenaar Moore Mullin Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Yoho Zeldin 
Aderholt Black Costello (PA) Crowley Ellison Eshoo Grothman Jones King (IA) Labrador Pelosi Speier Suozzi Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1203 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chair, I missed a rollcall vote on June 28, 2018 for having to briefly leave the House floor. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall No. 308. AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MS . CLARK OF  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 252, noes 157, not voting 18, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barraga´n Beatty Bera Bergman Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Conaway Connolly Cook Courtney Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Hartzler Hastings Heck Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McEachin McGovern McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Mitchell Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Richmond Rogers (AL) Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Thornberry Tonko Torres Turner Vargas Veasey Vela Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) NOES—157 
Arrington Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Blackburn Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Cooper Correa Costa Cramer Crawford Curtis Davis, Rodney DeGette Denham DiazBalart Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Flores Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Granger Griffith Grijalva Guthrie Harper Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kinzinger Kustoff (TN) LaHood Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Matsui McClintock McCollum McKinley Meadows Messer Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Poe (TX) Posey Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schweikert Serrano Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Trott Upton Valadao Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Welch Westerman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Zeldin 
Aderholt Black Costello (PA) Crowley Doggett Ellison Eshoo Grothman Jones Labrador Maloney, Carolyn B. Pelosi Sewell (AL) Speier Suozzi Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1207 Ms. TENNEY changed her vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . FOSTER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 160, noes 251, not voting 16, as follows: 
Adams Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kihuen Kildee Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Rush Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costa Cramer Crawford Crist Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—16 
Aderholt Black Costello (PA) Crowley Ellison Eshoo Grothman Jones Labrador Pelosi Speier Suozzi Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz Woodall 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1211 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. HIMES. Mr. Chair, on June 28, 2018, I inadvertently voted ‘‘nay’’ for the vote on the Foster of Illinois Amendment No. 24 to H.R. 6157. I had intended to vote ‘‘aye’’ for roll call No. 310. AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . COURTNEY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 144, noes 267, not voting 16, as follows: 
Adams Barletta Barraga´n Bass Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Butterfield Byrne Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Cheney Cicilline Clark (MA) Comstock Correa Courtney Cramer Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeLauro Demings DeSantis Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Ferguson Flores Foster Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gomez Goodlatte Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Hanabusa Hartzler Hastings Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Hultgren Hunter Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino McEachin McGovern Meeks Mitchell Mooney (WV) Moulton Murphy (FL) Neal Norcross O’Halleran Pallone Panetta Pascrell Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Polis Posey Quigley Rogers (AL) Rosen Sa´nchez Sanford Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano SheaPorter Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Taylor Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Walorski Watson Coleman Wittman Woodall 
Abraham Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Beatty Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blackburn 
Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bost Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Calvert Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DelBene Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais DiazBalart Doggett Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Estes (KS) Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Green, Gene Guthrie Gutie´rrez Handel Harper Harris Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meng Messer Moolenaar Moore Mullin Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Noem Nolan Norman Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Scalise Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Aderholt Black Costello (PA) Crowley Ellison Eshoo Grothman Jones Kinzinger Labrador Pelosi Speier Suozzi Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1215 Ms. TENNEY, Messrs. RUSH, and RICHMOND changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments under House Resolution 964, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HOLDING ) having assumed the chair, Mr. BYRNE , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 964, he reported the bill, as amended by House Resolution 961, back to the House with sundry further amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any further amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BYRNE ). Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. TED LIEU of California. I am opposed in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Ted Lieu of California moves to recommit the bill H.R. 6157 to the Committee on Appropriations with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $25,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $25,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $25,000,000)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. As a veteran, I am pleased to offer this amendment, which increases funding for peerreviewed traumatic brain injury and psychological health research to $150 million for fiscal year 2019. It is imperative that we prioritize and commit to medical research to address battlefield wounds. Funding for traumatic brain injury and psychological health research, including research on PTSD, suicide prevention, and other mental health conditions resulting from military service, has always been the highest priority for the Defense Health Program, and prior funding levels have reflected this priority. By increasing funding for traumatic brain injury and mental health research by $25 million, this will ensure that this research program remains the Defense Health Program’s highest priority. Just last week, the VA released its latest national suicide data report. It is very depressing. The tragic figures remain unchanged. Twenty veterans and servicemembers commit suicide every day. These suicides can result from untreated mental health conditions and even can be caused by traumatic brain injury. Since 2000, almost 380,000 servicemembers have been diagnosed with TBI. Many of these servicemembers and veterans will need lifelong healthcare as a result of this injury. And these numbers do not capture the number of servicemembers, many of whom are now veterans, who may have sustained multiple TBIs that can lead to permanent brain injury, the early onset of Alzheimer’s disease, and CTE, which can cause permanent memory loss and even suicide. These wounded warriors need cuttingedge treatments that will address this signature injury of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. We are seeing already the results of this research. Funding for DOD TBI research has resulted in improved treatments and diagnostic tests that clinicians can use to treat servicemembers when they sustain a traumatic brain injury. Clinicians know from this research program that it is important to immediately test and treat TBI when it occurs. As a result of research, clinicians now know that it is vitally important to prevent the chance that a servicemember will sustain another TBI before the servicemember has healed from their first. Investments in this research will pay dividends in the future so that our servicemembers and veterans receive the worldclass care they need, and that must be made a top priority. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on making TBI research a top priority. I am going to conclude by noting that we are soon going to be heading off into our July 4th recess. As we sit here today, there are still thousands of babies and kids ripped away from their parents by the Trump child separation policy who have not been reunited. That is evil and it is shameful. No Democratic bills have been brought on this floor to resolve that. Have a nice vacation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6157 is a critically important bill. It may be one of the most important, most consequential bills that Congress will consider this year. The bill before you reflects the guidance and advice we received through hearings, briefings, and meetings with the Secretary of Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the leaders of the military services, and all other national security experts. This legislation provides funding to maintain our military readiness, protect our Nation from those who would seek to do us harm, and ensure our defense superiority. After years of decline, the rebuilding of our military began with the fiscal year 2018 omnibus. This bill continues that progress and makes more critical investments in our Department of Defense: more troops, more battle training, more equipment, more munitions. The security situation around the world is rapidly changing. We are regularly reminded that we are still a Nation at war and new, unforeseen threats arise daily. A strong national defense is of the highest priority. It is imperative that we provide ongoing stability and support for our military. This is what our military leaders have asked for, and we can provide that today, with this bill. Not only is this legislation critical to our national security, but to the men and women in uniform, all volunteers who selflessly serve. We must show our troops and their families that they have the full support of this Congress. This includes providing them with their largest pay raise in nearly a decade. The bill fulfills the Congress’ most important constitutional responsibility: providing for the common defense. And it does this responsibly, by funding those military needs that must be addressed now, planning for those of the future, and respecting the taxpayer by making commonsense budgeting decisions. This bill puts our Nation’s security strategy on a stronger course, protecting the American people, and keeping the peace in an increasingly dangerous and unstable world. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this motion to recommit, and vote ‘‘yes’’ on the fiscal year 2019 Defense Appropriations bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the 5minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by a 5minute vote on passage of the bill. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 186, noes 224, not voting 17, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—17 
Aderholt Black Brady (TX) Costello (PA) Crowley Duncan (TN) Ellison Eshoo Grothman Jones Labrador Pelosi Speier Suozzi Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to clarify my vote earlier this afternoon on H.R. 6157, the fiscal year 2019 (FY19) Department of Defense Appropriations Act. I inadvertently voted ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall vote 313 in the House today (Thursday, June 28th). I had every intention of voting ‘‘nay.’’ 
MR. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, due to obligations in my district, I missed rollcall votes 304, 305, 306, 307, 308, 309, 310, 311, 312 and 313 today. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on rollcall No. 304, ‘‘YEA’’ on rollcall No. 305, ‘‘YEA’’ on rollcall No. 306, ‘‘NAY’’ on rollcall No. 307, ‘‘NAY’’ on rollcall No. 308, ‘‘NAY’’ on rollcall No. 309, ‘‘NAY’’ on rollcall No. 310, ‘‘NAY’’ on rollcall No. 311, ‘‘NAY’’ on rollcall No. 312, and ‘‘YEA’’ on rollcall No. 313. CLARIFICATION OF SOURCES OF AUTHORITY TO ISSUE REGULATIONS REGARDING CERTIFICATIONS AND OTHER CRITERIA APPLICABLE TO LEGISLATIVE BRANCH EMPLOYEES UNDER WOUNDED WARRIORS FEDERAL LEAVE ACT Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administration and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6160) to amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the sources of the authority to issue regulations regarding certifications and other criteria applicable to legislative branch employees under Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GIANFORTE ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6160 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. CLARIFICATION OF SOURCES OF AUTHORITY TO ISSUE REGULATIONS REGARDING CERTIFICATIONS AND OTHER CRITERIA APPLICABLE TO LEGISLATIVE BRANCH EMPLOYEES UNDER WOUNDED WARRIORS FEDERAL LEAVE ACT. 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD the following exchange of letters between the Chair of the Committee on House Administration and the Chair of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION , Washington, DC, June 27, 2018. Hon. TREYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN GOWDY : I am writing to you concerning H.R. 6160, the Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act Amendments bill. There are certain provisions in the bill that fall within the jurisdiction of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. In the interest of permitting the Committee on House Administration to proceed expeditiously for floor consideration of this important bill, I am writing to request a waiver of your committee’s right to a referral. I request with the understanding that by waiving consideration of this bill, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill which fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I will place this letter into the committee report and into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit. Sincerely, GREGG HARPER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, June 28, 2018. Hon. GREGG HARPER , Chairman, Committee on House Administration, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 6160, a bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the sources of the authority to issue regulations regarding certifications and other criteria applicable to legislative branch employees under Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act. As you know, certain provisions of the bill fall within the jurisdiction of Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. So that H.R. 6160 may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor, I agree to discharging the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform from further consideration thereof. I agree that forgoing formal consideration of the bill will not prejudice the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform with respect to any future jurisdictional claim, and I appreciate your agreement to support appointment of members of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform as conferees in any House Senate conference on this or related legislation. In addition, I request the Committee be consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so we may address any remaining issues within our jurisdiction. Finally, I request you include your letter and this response in the bill report filed by your Committee, as well as in the Congressional Record during consideration of the bill on the floor. Sincerely, TREYGOWDY . The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
GENERAL LEAVE Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material on H.R. 6160. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. 
PROVIDING FOR THE REAPPOINTMENT OF BARBARA M. BARRETT AS A CITIZEN REGENT OF THE BOARD OF REGENTS OF THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administration be discharged from further consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 60) providing for the reappointment of Barbara M. Barrett as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, and I ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. The text of the joint resolution is as follows: 
S.J. R ES. 60 Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That, in accordance with section 5581 of the Revised Statutes (20 U.S.C. 43), the vacancy on the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, in the class other than Members of Congress, occurring by reason of the expiration of the term of Barbara M. Barrett of Arizona on January 10, 2019, is filled by the reappointment of the incumbent. The reappointment is for a term of 6 years, beginning on the later of January 11, 2019, or the date of the enactment of this joint resolution. 
The joint resolution was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
COMMUNICATION FROM CHAIR OF COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Chair of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure; which was read and, without objection, referred to the Committee on Appropriations: COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 27, 2018. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, The Capitol, Washington, DC. DEARMR. SPEAKER : On June 27, 2018, pursuant to section 3307 of Title 40, United States Code, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure met in open session to consider 20 resolutions included in the General Services Administration’s Capital Investment and Leasing Programs. The Committee continues to work to reduce the cost of federal property and leases. The 20 resolutions considered include 13 alteration projects, two construction projects, two acquisitions, two leases, and one design for alteration and represent $139 million in savings from avoided lease costs and space reductions. I have enclosed copies of the resolutions adopted by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure on June 27, 2018. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. Enclosures. COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
OFFICE AND COURTHOUSE , BOSTON , MA Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. 3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to correct failing mortar and masonry deficiencies and undertake necessary roof repairs, while preventing potential danger to pedestrians and vehicles from falling debris in the vicinity of the building at the John W. McCormack U.S. Post Office and Courthouse located at 5 Post Office Square in Boston, Massachusetts at a design cost of $721,000, an estimated construction cost of $9,218,000 and a management and inspection cost of $812,000 for a total estimated project cost of $10,751,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
Insert offset folio 369/1 here EH280618.001lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to preserve the structural integrity 
of the John W. McCormack U.S. Post Office and Courthouse (McCormack 
POCH), located at 5 Post Office Square in Boston, MA. The proposed project 
will correct failing mortar and masonry deficiencies and undertake necessary roof repairs, while preventing potential danger 
to pedestrians and vehicles from falling debris in the vicinity 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard normally provided by 
The McCormack POCH, located in Boston's Financial District, is a 24floor building with a common lobby and basement that contains approximately 
feet Constructed in 1933, the masonry and steel frame building is in the Art Deco style with 
the distinctive period style on both the exterior and much ofthe interior and is listed in the National Register 
1 GSA is not requesting additional appropriated funds in support of this project at this time. Upon approval 
of this prospect1ls and a concurrent transfer request, GSA will make use of project savings in the Federal Buildings 
Insert offset folio 369/2 here EH280618.002lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
Environmental Protection Agency, Judiciary, Department of Education, Department of 
Justice, U.S. Tax Court, Social Security Administration, Department of Health and Human 
The project will consist of masonry repairs, including full repointing, as needed, stone resetting and anchoring, caulking 
of joints and stone, sealant of stone, including re­
coatfng of terra cotta units, waterproofing, cleaning and spot repointing and roof repairs, as needed. 
Safety rigging, netting, and sidewalk protection will remain in place throughout the proposed project. 
In January 2017, a large chunk of granite spall fell from the far;ade of the McCormack 
POCH, narrowly missing a pedestrian on the sidewalk. The size of the granite spall was approximately 
22" X 8" X sn, and it weighed 70 pounds. The granite fell from the 23rd floor. 
GSA immediately installed sidewalk protection . around the perimeter of the 
building and began a full investigation and survey of the far;ade. The survey, completed in November 
2017, indicated the need for critical fayade repairs to prevent further 
deterioration and envelope failure. While limited exterior repairs have been undertaken since the building's construction in 1933, both age and location have contributed to the current 
of the building are experiencing failures due to age and weather deterioration of the mortar 
joints. The impact is most pronounced on the Milk Street fa9ade where temperature changes resulting from exposure to sunlight contributed to the thennal expansion and contraction 
of the masonry. Additionally, because water expands when it freezes, the infiltration 
of water into cracks during winter months enabled a freezethaw cycle that resulted in the jacking and loosening 
of stones. The combination of these forces over time completely freed the abovementioned granite from the building, and 
Roof deficiencies· including failed caulking between roof eounterflashing and granite, standing water that is causing clogged drains and overflow, and open holes in 
Insert offset folio 369/3 here EH280618.003lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
membrane that impact insulation and adhesiveare contributing to the water infiltration. Additionally, 
GSA has found vegetation in the deteriorated areas. Plant roots provide further evidence 
of the continual presence of moisture .. Root growth wilt further deteriorate mortar joints and accelerate failure. Failures are expected to accelerate over 
undertaken; GSA has used Minor Repair and Alteration funds for interim repairs to those mortar joints required for installation 
of heavyduty safety netting. These interim measures, along with the sidewalk protection and ongoing monitoring 
of the fa9ade, reduce the threat of imminent harm to pedestrians and vehicles around the perimeter 
of the McCormack POCH. These measures are not longterm solutions. 
Until the proposed repairs are undertaken and the deteriorated conditions are corrected, infiltration 
will continue, and the masonry and mortar will continue to fail. 
Prior ProspectusLevel Projects in Building {past 10 years) None Alternatives Considered 
no feasible alternatives to this project. This project is a limited scope renovation. The cost 
of the proposed project is less than the cost of leasing or constructing a new building. Recommendation ALTERATION 
Insert offset folio 369/4 here EH280618.004lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Govenunent need. Submitted at Washington, DC, on June 
Insert offset folio 369/7 here EH280618.005lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA} proposes a 15year lease for approximately 130,876 
rentable square feet (RSF) for the Department of Justice, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), currently located at 
1110 3rd Avenue in Seattle, Washington. FBI has occupied space in the building since November 1, 1999, under 
a lease that expires on October 31, 2019. FBI will 
maintain the office, and the overall utilization at 182 and 330 usable square feet (USF) per person respectively. Description Occupant: Current Rentable Square Feet {RSF) Estimated Maximum 
of Official Parking Spaces: Scoring: Current Total Annual Cost: Estimated Rental Rate
15 years Seattle Central Business District 75 Operating $4,582,592 
The Seattle FBI Field Office serves the entire State of Washington, covering nine resident agent offices. The space needs for the 
Seattle Field Office are currently met across six separate locations in Seattle: two federally owned and four leased properties. 
1 This estimate is for fiscal yt."l.lr 2020 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent annually to the effective <lute of the lease to account for 
inflation. The proposed n::nl1!1 rate is fully serviced Including all operating expenses. whether paid by the lessor or directly by the 
Government. GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing market rental rates as a benchmark for the evaluation of 
competitive offers and as the basis for negotiating with the lessor to ensure that lease award is made in lhe best Interest of the 
z New leases may contain an escalaiion clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and opt.>taling costs. 
Insert offset folio 369/8 here EH280618.006lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The current lease at 1110 3nl Avenue, Seattle, expires on October 31,2019. The majority of the current 
Seattle FBI footprint is housed in the 1110 3nl Avenue lease. FBI has housed its Field 
Office in downtown Seattle since before the inception of the current lease. FBl anticipates a need for housing beyond the term 
of the current lease to continue to support its security requirements. 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease Proposals and other documents related to the procurement 
encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set forth in the procurement and to achieve an Energy 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute approval 
to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required rentable area. 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing of the tenant agency prior to the effective date 
of the lease. It is in the best interest of the Government to avert the financial risk 
Insert offset folio 369/9 here EH280618.007lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Insert offset folio 369/10 here EH280618.008lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEApril2017 Housing Plan 
UR = average amount of office space per person Current 
Proposed UR excludes 17,202 usf of office support space 
1 USF means the portion of the building avallable for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space availai:>!e jointly to the occupants of the building, 
2 Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less than 10 people 
3 USF/Person = housing plan total USF divided by total personnel. 4 Rentable/Usable 
Factor (R/U Factor)= Max RSF divided by total USF 
5 Storage excludes warel>ouse, which is part of Special Space. 
Insert offset folio 369/13 here EH280618.009lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The General Services Administration {GSA) proposes to exercise a 1 0year renewal option 
to lease up to 824,563 rentable square feet of space for the Social Security 
Administration currently housed at 1500 Woodlawn Drive in Woodlawn1 MD. 
On December 10, 2015, GSA submitted prospectus PMD02BA 16 to Congress 
proposing to lease approximately 511,000 rentable square feet of space and 25 parking 
spaces fQr the Social Security Administration for up to 20 years at a maximum fully serviced 
annual rate of $33.00 per rentable square foot. At $33 per foot, the new )ease for reduced space would have cost 
a maximum of $16,863,000.00 per year, not including costs paid 
in lump sum for Tenant Improvement overages, move costs, and furniture. The 
1 This estimate is for lisen! year 2018 and may be escalated by 2 percent annually to the effective date of the lease to 
nccount for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating expenses, whether paid by the 
lessor or directly by the Govcmmcnt. GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing market rental rates ns n 
benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers and as a basis for negotiating with otfcrors to ensure thnt lease 
award is made in the best interest of the Government. 
2 New lenses may contui~ un escalation cla.use to provide for annual changes in mal estate taxes ami opcrnting costs, 
Insert offset folio 369/14 here EH280618.010lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
by the Senate Committee on Environment and. Public Works on January 
The Social Security Administration is in the process of reevaluating the Iongtenn need 
for· additional leased space surrounding its Headquarters in Woodlawn, and as a result, is developing a 
long·tenn plan that maximizes the use of existing federally owned and leased space 
to address its current and future housing needs. As a result of these pending changes, 
GSA evaluated all of the available options in meeting the Social Security Administration's mid·tenn 
housing needs at 1500 Woodlawn Drive and determined that the least expensive alternative for the Government 
1500 Woodlawn Drive. GSA is modifying its prospectus approval request to allow for a lease renewal at the 
Administration revises its longterm plans. The existing renewal option allows for partial 
or whole tennination rights at the conclusion of the second year of the new lease. This 
unilateral authority enables the Government to release the whole of the occupancy beginning 
in year 3 with 24 months written notice, or to partially release space to the 
point that the occupancy would reduce to no less than 497,533 RSF with 12 months written notice. Without this lease renewal, 
GSA would have to enter into a holdover at 
GSA requests the following adjustments to the current prospectus parameters: 
• Increase the maximum proposed rentable square feet from 511,000 to 824,563; 
• Reduce the maximum proposed rental rate from $33.00 per RSF to $16.33 per 
• Decrease the maximum proposed lease tenn from 20 years to up to 10 years; 
• Increase the number of parking spaces from 25 official parking spaces to the 
2; 132 parking spaces currently provided under the existing lease; and 
• Maintain the current utilization rate at 1500 Woodlawn Drive, which is approximately 
will result in a first year total annual lease cost of $13,465,114 
compared to previously proposed $16,933,000, and in longer term savings while the Social Security Administration develops 
its future plans. Aside from the changes described above, 
ALEXANDRIA BAY , NY Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. 3307, appropriations are authorized for the construction of facilities of 261,000 gross square feet (including canopies and structured parking) to replace the existing land port of entry in support of Phase II of a twophase project including construction of commercial inspection lanes, a new veterinary services building, an impound lot, a main administration building, noncommercial inspection lanes, a new noncommercial secondary inspection plaza, new nonintrusive inspection buildings, and employee and visitor parking areas in Alexandria Bay, New York at an additional estimated construction cost of $34,522,000 and a reduction of the management and inspection cost of $2,014,000 for a total estimated project cost of $132,979,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. This resolution amends the authorization of the Committee on March 2, 2016 for Prospectus No. PNY BSCAB16. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
Insert offset folio 369/16 here EH280618.011lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) requests approval for construction of 
facilities to replace the existing land port of entry (LPOE) in Alexandria Bay, NY, and funding 
·in support of Phase II of this twophase project. The project includes construction 
of commercial inspection lanes, a new veterinary services building, an impound lot, a main administration building, noncommercial inspection 
buildings, and employee and visitor parking areas. The project will meet the cunent and future operational requirements 
of the tenant agencies and be .flexible to adapt to future requirements. 
FY 2018 House & Senate Committee Approval Requested (Phase 
1The House and Senate Committees approved Estimated Construction Cost and Management & Inspection in Prospectus numbers 
PNYBSCAB12 and PNYBSCAB16. The. approval requested in this FY18 
prospectus reflects the balance of approval peeded for the project. 
2GSA works closely with Department of Homeland Security program offices responsible for developing and implementing security technology at LPOEs. 
requirements known at the time of prospectus development. Additional funding by a reimbursable work authorization may be required to provide for 
as yet unidentified security technology elements to be implemented at this port. 
Insert offset folio 369/17 here EH280618.012lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The proposed project will address traffic issues by expanding the queuing are!l, 
increasing the number of primary inspection lanes, increasing the area for seQondary 
inspection, and providing safe and secure vehicle parking and welldefmed truck queuing and maneuvering areas. The project will replace the existing port and is proposed in two phases. 
of a commercial, inspection warehouse with inspection bays, commercial inspection lanes (with splitlevel booths for either commercial or noncommercial), a 
veterinary services building, impound lot, and a portion of the elevated parking over the commercial side. 
Phase I also includes acquisition of the two remaining necessary parcels 
II includes construction of a new main administration building, a new outbound inspection facility, noncommercial inspection lanes, a new noncommercial secondary inspection plaza, new 
Site Acquired in Phase I .. ..... .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . .. ...... . .. .. .. .. .. . .. . . .. ... . .. . .. ... 10 acres3 
3 No additional site will be acquired as part ofPhase II ofthe project. 
Insert offset folio 369/18 here EH280618.013lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard normally provided by 
The site is located at the existing LPOE on Interstate Route 81 in Alexandria Bay, NY. 
4 ECC is broken into two parts Site Development Costs and Building Costs. 
5 Site development costs include grading, utilities, paving, and demolition of existing facilities. 
Insert offset folio 369/19 here EH280618.014lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Department of Homeland SecurityCustoms and Border Protection {CBP), Immigration and Customs Enforcement; 
U.S. Department of AgricultureAnimal & Plant Health Inspection Service; 
The existing facility does not meet. the current and future operational needs of the inspection agencies at the port. 
The lack of an adequate commercial cargo inspection facility is hampering the safe and secure execution 
international border and the primary commercial inspection area is 
now inadequate for vehicle queuing. Given the limited capacity of the 
U.S.~bound btidges and roadways, the Thousand Island Bridge Authority currently limits the number 
of vehicles (in Canada) that can proceed through to the crossing. This results in significant queuing 
of commercial vehicles on the Canadian roadways entering the crossing and sometimes back to Highway 
401. The bridges are not designed to handle prolonged periods 
of stationary loads associated with queued commercial traffic. In addition, the removal 
of significant amounts of rock is necessary to allow for increased program and vehicle circulation. The existing main building does not 
accommmiate the current and future needs of the tenants. The existing commercial building has enough space to unload only a single truck and the office component is housed in mobile trailers. 
6 Design refresh to be completed with project funds approved in Prospectus No. PNYBSCAB16. 
Insert offset folio 369/20 here EH280618.015lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
This.project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities ·standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy 
110161 2008 $11,676,000 Expanded Scope Additional Site Acquisition andDesign 
*Amount requested m FY16 was $105,570,000; appropnated amount was $30,000 more than 
Insert offset folio 369/21 here EH280618.016lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
has jurisdiction, custody, and control over and maintains the existing facilities at this 
LPOE. No alternative other than Federal construction was considered. 
Insert offset folio 369/22 here EH280618.017lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Insert offset folio 369/23 here EH280618.018lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEMay 2017 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security CBP 47 47 7,455 30,628 38,083 47 47 U.S. Department of Homeland Security ICE    4 4 General 
PBS 7 7 2,687  749 3,436 3 3 U.S. Health and Human Services FDA    5 5 U.S. Department of Agriculture APHIS 2 
1 USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and fumishings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. 
The project may contain a variance in gross square footage from that listed in this project upon measurement 
OFFICE BUILDING PURCHASE , NEW ORLEANS , LA Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for the acquisition and repair and alteration of the Federal Bureau of Investigation New Orleans Field Office Building located at 2901 Leon C. Simon Road in New Orleans, Louisiana at a building and site acquisition cost of $24,000,000, a design cost of $510,000, an estimated construction cost of $4,000,000, and a management and inspection cost of $472,000 at a total estimated project cost of $28,982,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
Insert offset folio 369/25 here EH280618.019lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes to acquire the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation (FB[) New Orleans Field Office Building located at 2901 Leon C. Simon 
Road in New Orleans, LA. The facility, currently leased by GS~ provides 137)279 
rentable square feet of space, 256 parking spaces and is occupied entirely by the·FBI. In 
addition to acquiring the building, GSA proposes to replace the roof and fire alarm system and upgrade 
the heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HV A C), elevator, and electrical systems to improve 
the safety and efficiency for long~term use of the building. 
Purchase will reduce the Gov~rnment's rental payment to the private sector by approximately 
The 4story steel and masonry building, constructed in 1998, sits on a 6.6acre site. The site includes 
100 surface parking spaces, 156 indoor parking spaces and security fencing. 
The facility provides mostly office space, but also contains special space, such as 
conference/training, a technical operations room, and a vehicle maintenance facility to support the agency mission. 
*Tenant agency may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard normally provided 
Insert offset folio 369/26 here EH280618.020lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The project proposes acquisition of the building currently leased by GSA to house the FBI's 
New Orleans Field Office. The building was constructed to house FBI in a 20year 
lease that commenced In 1999. GSA negotiated a purchase option at the time of lease 
been determined to be in the best interest of the Government. The project also 
proposes alterations, including a roof replacement, fire alarm system replacement, mechanical upgrades 
The FBI Field Office has a Iong*term requirement. Purchase of this facility, at the pre­
negotiated purchase price, will produce longtenn Government savings, thereby avoiding lease, 
move and space replication costs of more than $18 million. All utilities, electricity, gas, water, wastewater, telephone, 
cable, and drainage are present in sufficient capacity to 
serve the needs of the improvements on the site. The asset is located in one of the few 
geographic locations in New Orleans that did not flood during Hurricane Katrina. 
An assessment of the existing facility was completed to determine what improvements would 
be required for the building to come under Federal ownership. The roof system is 
nearing the el).d of its useful life. Lite safety concerns will be addressed by replacing the aging 
fire alarm system with current technology. Mechanical upgrades to the HV AC are 
Insert offset folio 369/27 here EH280618.021lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
needed for optimum energy efficiency and tenant comfort. An elevator modernization is 
needed to comply with code. An electrical system upgrade will include replacing the main 
switch board to comply with code, The exterior fa9ade will be sealed to remain weather 
This project will be designed to confonn to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy 
The 30~year, present value cost of purchase is $93,819,000 less than the cost of leasing, 
Insert offset folio 369/28 here EH280618.022lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need, 
Recommended:.....,.,.,~""~..:· ..... ·.~__ ~·· __ · .....,·.~;.._,.,. .,.. ~;;... __ .,...;_~~~~ __ _~._ •. _:: __________ ~~~ 
Insert offset folio 369/29 here EH280618.023lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEMay 
ENTRY , SAN DIEGO , CA Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for the construction of facilities of 404,026 gross square feet (including canopies and structured parking) to modernize and expand the Otay Mesa Land Port of Entry including expansion of the pedestrian processing facilities, construction of a commercial annex building, relocation of detention and Secure Electronic Network for Travelers Rapid Inspection (SENTRI) facilities and hazardous material processing, construction of surface or structured parking for employees and visitors, and commercial import lot improvements at the Otay Mesa U.S. Land Port of Entry located in San Diego, California at an additional design cost of $10,062,000, an estimated construction cost of $100,718,000 and a management and inspection cost of $11,068,000 for a total estimated project cost of $121,848,000, excluding funds provided pursuant to Public Law 111–5, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
Insert offset folio 369/31 here EH280618.024lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
facilities to modernize and expand the Otay Mesa Land Port of Entry (LPOE) in San Diego, CA. The project includes expansion 
construction of a commercial annex building, relocation of detention and Secure Electronic Network for Travelers Rapid Inspection (SENTRI) facilities and hazardous material processing, construction 
of surface or structured parking for employees and visitors, and commercial import lot improvements. The project will meet the current and future operational requirements 
The Otay MesaLPOE was constructed in 1987 (noncommercial and export facilities) and 1994 (commercial import building and associated improvements). The 
in California; processing over $15.6 billion in exports and $27.6 
billion in imports in Fiscal Year (FY) 2016. In addition, the LPOE processes approximately 3.5 million pedestrians and 7.6 million vehicles annually. 
In 2009, under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) Otay Mesa received site and design funding. 
The project scope has been refined though a value engineering process. The proposed project 
will increase the number of pedestrian lanes and relocate the existing SENTRI and I94 permit processing from the secure processing area to the new commercial annex building. This will free up space to expand pedestrian and detention operations to improve throughput and enhance traveler and officer safety. Improvements to the commercial import lot include the construction 
0acre site to improve commercial vehicle circulation, and a dedicated return to Mexico lane for trucks denied entry into the United States 
1 GSA works closely with Department of Homeland Security program offices responsible for developing and implementing security technology 
at LPOEs. This prospectus contains the funding of infrastructure requirements known at the time 
of prospectus development. Additional funding by a reimbursable work authorization may be 
required to provide for as yet unidentified security technology elements to be implemented at this port. 
Insert offset folio 369/32 here EH280618.025lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
will accommodate the bus processing needs of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard normally provided 
The site is located at 2500 Paseo International, San Diego, CA. 
2 Program includes 12,695 gross square foot (GSF) U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Plant Inspection Station that 
is funded by USDA and not included in the budget for this prospectus submission. 
3 ECC is broken into two partsSite Development Costs and Building Costs. 
Insert offset folio 369/33 here EH280618.026lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
of Homeland Security Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and Immigration and Customs Enforcement, 
U.S. Food and Drug Administration, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adrrlinistration, 
Justification Noncommercial pedestrian processing is undersized and the planned development 
of a new locally developed transit center (adjacent to the 
in the pedestrian processing facilities. Detention areas in the main building do not meet current 
CBP design guide standards and expose the traveling public and officers to unnecessary risk. The port averages 
2,400 northbound trucks, 21,000 northbound privately owned vehicles and 
9,500 pedestrians on a daily basis. Total comrilercial flows have increased an average 
of 2.25% a year since 2005. Circulation within the commercial port is extremely congested, which impedes processing 
of commercial vehicles and creates dangerous conditions for officers. Due to a constrained site and the need to maintain sufficient area for commercial vehicle circulation, structured parking is proposed. 
Summary of Energy Compliance This project will be designed to conform 
the Public Buildings SeJ>~ice. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy and 
Approval of the abovementioned funding was inherent in Public Law 1115. 
Insert offset folio 369/34 here EH280618.027lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
GSA has jurisdiction, custody and control over and maintains the existing facilities at this 
LPOE. No alternative other. than Federal construction was considered. 
Insert offset folio 369/35 here EH280618.028lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The proposed project is the best soh.ltiorr to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on _ _:,M=a~yL_l:.._;7'',=2~01,_,7''Recommended:::~:=:...::;:....;....;__ '·:·.4__;;.,_~~:<:·'. ="'. ':::·=__~ __ ·,­
Insert offset folio 369/36 here EH280618.029lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEMay2017 Housing Plan 
Office Total I Office I Storage Special Total Office Total 1 
U.S. Department of Homeland Security CBP 285 285 65,414 
285 285 U.S. Department of Homeland .Security ICE 13 !3 1,597 1,597 13 13 
U.S. Health and Human Services FDA 4 4 1,459 20 560 2,039 8 8 
U.S. Depa.rtment of Agriculture APHIS 17 17 2,700 2,131 
17 17 U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service 2 2 756  756 
1 USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. PCABSTSA18 San Diego, 
is anticipated to maintain Commercial Vehicle Inspection at the California Highway Patrol Commercial Vehicle Enforcement 
Facility. The project may contain a variance in gross square footage from that listed in this project upon measurement and review of the completed 
FEDERAL BUILDING , WASHINGTON , DC Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for the design of repairs and alterations to renovate and realign and reconfigure approximately 286,000 usable square feet of space occupied by the Department of Education and upgrade or replace multiple building systems as necessary at the Lyndon Baines Johnson Building located at 400 Maryland Avenue, SW in Washington, DC at a design cost of $4,200,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
Insert offset folio 369/38 here EH280618.030lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA Description 
The General Services Administration (GSA) is seeking approval for one design project during Fiscal Year (FY) 
2018, which GSA will schedule for construction in a future year. A description 
of the project is attached. Justification Starting the design 
for the project prior to receipt of construction phase funding will facilitate an 
orderly and timely accomplishment of the planned program. · Under the separate funding approach, 
GSA will submit the construction prospectus along with the future year budget request. The subject project addresses.realigmnent and consolidation 
of agency space. Recommendation Approve design and related services 
of $4,200,000 for the attached project. The construction costs indicated at this time are preliminary 
and will be refined and fmalized prior to future requests for funding. Committee Approval 
is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, onRecommended:::=:'~:~··:. _ _.· '. ::·:~L· =:"""'/ ,~'­
Insert offset folio 369/39 here EH280618.031lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PROSPECTUSALTERATION 
Insert offset folio 369/40 here EH280618.032lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes the design of a future Major Repair and Alteration project for several floors 
of the Lyndon Baines Johnson (LBJ) Building located at 400 
Maryland Avenue, SW, Washington, DC and occupied by the Department of Education (Education). The future project proposes a substantial renovation 
286,000 usable square feet (USF) of Educationoccupied space and multiple building systems upgrades or replacements, 
as necessary. The completed design of the proposed project will provide 
GSA with a best estimate ofthe construction and management and inspection funding necessary to execute the project, which 
will be proposed in a future fiscal year. Constructed 
in 1959, the LBJ Building consists of 640,332 gross square feet and 386,635 USF. 
The building has· seven floors occupied above grade, plus a mechanical penthouse, and two levels below 
grade, including the basement parking area. The property is across the street from the 
Smithsonian's Air and Space Museum, as well as the Museum of the American Indian. A planned Memorial to President Eisenhower is expected to be constructed in the next 
the north side of the building. The proposed renovation 
will support GSA and Education's ongoing efforts to improve the utilization 
of space occupied by Education. This improved utilization will be accomplished by 
merging operations internally and consolidating additional Education employees from multiple leases into the LBJBuilding. The project will improve the office and total building utilization rate from 
167 to 123 USF per person and 233 to 175 USF per person, respectively, and allow Education 
to consolidate approximately 630 personnel from leased space into the building. To 
adequately support the increased utilization and higher density, this project also includes upgrades or replacement, as necessary, 
air conditioning, electrical, plumbing, and life safety and sustainability items, including replacement 
of associated Fire & Life Safety Fire Control Room equipment and upgrading 
COURTHOUSE , MILWAUKEE , WI Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations for fire and lifesafety upgrades at the Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse located at 517 E. Wisconsin in Milwaukee, Wisconsin at a design cost of $1,069,000, an estimated construction cost of $11,205,000 and a management and inspection cost of $717,000 for a total estimated project cost of $12,991,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
Insert graphic folio 369/42  EH280618.033lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes fire and lifesafety upgrades t(} the Federal Building 
and U.S. ·courth(}use (FB/CT) located at 517 E. Wisconsin in 
Milwaukee, WI. The proposed project wiH replace the fire alarm system and extend and 
FY 2018 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested (Design, Construction 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the. standard 
The FB/CT in Milwaukee, WI, is a five~story, granite structure originally constructed 
between 1892 and 1899 and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. Between 
1929 and 1932, a fivestory addition was erected to the south of the original building, 
which was increased in height to seven stories during the 1940s. The FB/CT, including 
the addition, has 543,510 gross square feet of space. Each corner of the original building 
features a short, round tower with a conical roof and a skylight atrium in the center. The building 
also features an open~air light court at its center that extends down to the roof of 
Insert graphic folio 369/43  EH280618.034lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Judiciary, Department of Justice, U.S. Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Tax Court, 
The proposed project will replace the building fire alarm system and add both audio and visual alarms 
as required by GSA and National Fire Protection Association guidelines. The project also 
will extend sprinkler service to those areas of the building that are not currently protected 
and will replace any existing sprinkler heads nearing the end of their useful 
life. Hazardous materials, including asbestos and leadbased paint, that directly impact 
the project, will be abated. Interior repairs incidental to replacing and upgrading the fire protection 
The FB/CT's tire alarm system is nearing the end of its useful life. The main tire alarm panel displays frequent false alarms 
and repair parts are difficult to obtain. There are problems 
with the annunciator's clarity, speaker zones in the building do not meet code requirements, 
and areas of the building do not have visual and audible fire alarm devices. The current sprinkler system does not provide protection 
in all areas of the building and the sprinkler heads are nearing 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum perfonnance criteria. 
Insert graphic folio 369/44  EH280618.035lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Prior ProspectusLevel Projects in Building (past 10 years) Prospectus 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and 
the. cost of the proposed project is far less than the cost ()f leasing or constructing a new 
Insert graphic folio 369/45  EH280618.036lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on~~~~~~·~~~~~Recommended:=~=~ =Ji;4_..... • ·~~·:::.::.·...::.··..,.... .. 4 .. ~_· .:;.;.~_._.L.....::.=· _..·c...···.,...'_·~~··~',.~.~~~~~~ 
RICHMOND , VA Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations for upgrading the exterior envelope at the Lewis F. Powell, Jr. U.S. Courthouse and Courthouse Annex located at 1100 E. Main Street in Richmond, Virginia at a design cost of $80,000, an estimated construction cost of $10,683,000 and a management and inspection cost of $914,000 for a total estimated project cost of $11,677,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
Insert graphic folio 369/47  EH280618.037lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to 
upgrade the exterior envelope of the Lewis F. Powell, Jr., U.S. Courthouse and 
Courthouse Annex (Powell Complex) at 1100 E. Main Street in Richmond, VA. 
Roof replacement/repairs; window replacement/repairs; plumbing upgrades/repairs; and interior construction/abatement 
The Powell Complex is composed of the Lewis F. Powell, Jr. U.S. Courthouse 
(Courthouse) and the Lewis F. Powell, Jr. U.S. Courthouse Annex (Annex). The Powell Complex 
is located in the historic downtown area of Richmond, VA. The Courthouse 
was originally constructed in 1858 and is one of the oldest buildings in GSA's inventory. The Annex was built 
in 1936 directly adjacent to the Courthouse. The two buildings are 
listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The buildings share systems and infrastructure and are physically connected at the basement level and by a third floor walkway. The Powell 
Complex, which formerly housed all of the U.S. Court functions in 
the city of Richmond, primarily serves the needs of the U.S. Court of Appeals. 
Insert graphic folio 369/48  EH280618.038lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Judiciary, Department of Justice, Social Security Administration, and GSA 
The Powell Complex roof project has four primary areas of focus intended to remedy active leaks damaging the interior spaces: the terra cotta roof system,· flat roof areas, the gutter system, and storm drains. The scope for the terra cotta 
of the terra cotta tile and wood supports. The underlying concrete deck will be intensively repaired. The scope for the flat roofs includes the replacement 
of all of the existing roof areas. The cornice gutter system scope includes the installation 
of a coating system and related system repairs. The plumbing scope includes relining the existing rain leaders. The windows at both the Courthouse and the Annex are in need 
to maintain the irttegrity of the building envelopes and to improve thermal performance. The windows in the worst condition may require immediate rehabilitation 
to mitigate the potential for complete failure, if observed conditions continue to deteriorate or to backfill vacant space. The rehabilitation will include reuse and restoration, where possible, and replacement, where required. The work is not expected 
to have an adverse effect on the historic integrity of the building. 
The roofing and related systems are beyond their useful lives. The existing conditions allow for leaks that are causing interior damage and impacting the buildings' operations. The bulk 
of the windows are in very poor condition, with some units requiring immediate attention. Continued deterioration 
ofreuse and rehabilitation and further decrease energy efficiency. Completing the roof and window system rehabilitations under the same project affords operational efficiencies for 
the buildings' tenants and financial efficiencies for the Government. 
Insert graphic folio 369/49  EH280618.039lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and the cost 
of the proposed project is far less than the cost of constructing a new building. 
Insert graphic folio 369/50  EH280618.040lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to me~t a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on~.......,~,Recommended:~__...!:.~··=··~··<·...::.·~'''."'·.~··:;....·,.....·· ____ ' ____ _ · 
ALTERATION —IRS SERVICE CENTER , OGDEN , UT Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations for interior repairs, upgrade of aging building systems and infrastructure, site work, hazardous materials abatement, and life safety upgrades at the U.S. Department of the Treasury Internal Revenue Service Center located at 1160 West 1200 South in Ogden, Utah of at a design cost of $4,080,000, an estimated construction cost of $45,074,000 and a management and inspection cost of $2,087,000 for a total estimated project cost of $51,241,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
Insert graphic folio 369/52  EH280618.041lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project for the 
U.S. Department of the Treasury Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Service Center at 
1160 West 1200 South, Ogden, UT. Alteration of this 50year old building includes interior repairs, upgrade 
of aging building systems and infrastructure, site work, hazardous materials abatement, and life safety upgrades. 
Interior finishes; site upgrades; electrical replacement; ·partial roof replacement; hazardous materials abatement; seismic upgrades; heating, ventilation and air conditioning 
(HV A C) replacement; life safety upgrades; interior construction; and exterior closnre repairs. 
*Tenant agency may fund an additional amount· for' tenant improvements above the standard normally provided 
The IRS Service Center, constructed in 1966, is a singlestory brick building with 
504,7 41 gross square feet located on a 60acre site. The building accounts for over two­thirds 
of the federally owned inventory in Ogden, UT, and serves as the western regional hub for small business tax processing, national printing 
center, and national computing center. The building operates 24 hours a day, 7 days a 
Insert graphic folio 369/53  EH280618.042lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
IRS and Department of the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration 
Interior finishes impacted by the mechanical, electrical, plumbing, and structural upgrades will 
be replaced. Site work includes replacement and repairs to the asphalt parking lot, curbs, sidewalks, and sewage laterals. Landscaping will 
50% xeriscaping around the building and all Architectural Barriers Act Accessibility 
Standards(ABAAS) deficiencies will be addressed in the parking lot and supporting ramps. The electrical distribution system will be replaced, including all transformers, control panels and motor centers. New exit lighting and a fire alarm system 
wifl be installed. The roof on the south bays of tbe building will be replaced. Hazardous materials encountered during construction will be abated. 
completed in areas ancillary to the project. HVAC work includes replacing the heating system, heating· 
and cooling coils, piping, packaged units, controls, and the plumbing system for chilled water, hot water 
arid sanitary piping. A building automation system and metering also will be installed. Life safety upgrades include replacing sprinkler heads, reconfiguring the supply piping and installing bracing. 
egress lighting. Exterior closure work includes replacement of select windows and doors and exterior resealing. 
TotalECC .$ 9,356,000 7,749,000 7,548,000 7,499,000 3,742,000 3,489,000 2,972,000 1,623,000 675,000 421,000 $45,074,000 
Insert graphic folio 369/54  EH280618.043lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The IRS Service Center has not undergone significant reinvestment since originally constructed 
in 1966. Many of its systems no longer meet the current code requirements or have exceeded their useful lives and replacement parts are expensive and difficult 
find. The current electrical system is inefficient, is not consistent with the National Electric Code, and is not appropriately supported for the current loads 
of electrical components will reduce maintenance costs and improve energy efficiency, safety and reliability. The fire alarm system is obsolete, unreliable 
replacement parts are not available. The south portion of the roof was not addressed as 
part of the project funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 and leaks. Replacement 
of this section will prevent longterm structural and interior damage. 
Most of the piping and mechanical systemsare past their useful lives, parts are expensive and some segments 
of the heating system have been taken offline because the system is 
no longer supported. Interior spaces will be impacted by the project and repairs and 
upgrades will be completed to make the affected space fully functional. Repairing the 
considerable erosion, potholes, cracking, and breakage in the exterior surface areas will eliminate hazards and meet accessibility standards. Life safety upgrades 
2,500 personnel. Sealing and replacing selected windows and doors 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Prior ProspectusLevel Projects in Building (past 10 years) Prospectus 
Insert graphic folio 369/55  EH280618.044lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
Alternatives Considered (30year, present value cost analysis) PUT 003 60G 18 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and 
the cost of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constructing a new 
Insert graphic folio 369/56  EH280618.045lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on '.......c...........c...~Recommended: c~:"''·c:.·_:_~. '~. ·'·~··"""~·_....·· ·,_,·· ~·...~·:o· _· ...... ·c·~· .. _:_· ___ _ 
Insert graphic folio 369/57  EH280618.046lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDecember 2016 Housing Plan 
2,500 ury Inspector General for Tax Administration 10 10 4,584   4,584 10 
Total Building USF Rate Current Office UR excludes 69,894 usf of office support space. Proposed Office UR excludes 69,894 usf of office support space. means 
the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. ce Utilization 
Rate= total office space available for office personnel. UR calculation excludes office 
.I Building USF Rate= total building USF (office, storage, special) available for all building occupants (office, and nonoffice personnel). Special Space 
SEATTLE , WA Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to restore the deteriorated exterior fac¸ade to stop material degradation and water intrusion into the building and replace the roof on the wing and dome shoulder at the Federal Office Building located at 909 1st Avenue in Seattle, Washington at an additional design cost of $351,000 an additional estimated construction cost of $3,377,000 and a reduction of the management and inspection cost of $344,000 for an additional project cost of $3,384,000 and a total estimated project cost of $24,234,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. This resolution amends the authorization of the Committee on July 23, 2015 for Prospectus No. PWA–0036–SE16. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
Insert graphic folio 369/59  EH280618.047lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to 
restore exterior deficiencies at the historic Federal Office Building, located at 909 1st 
Avenue, Seattle, W A. The project wifl restore the deteriorated exterior fa9ade to stop 
material degradation and water intrusion into the building and replace the roof on the 
This project was among those included in prior year submissions for the Capital 
Investment and Leasing Program. Although the prospectus was approved by the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the 
Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate on July 23, 2015, and 
January 20, 2016, respectively, GSA's Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 Major Repairs & 
Alterations Expenditure Plan did not allocate any funds to the project. GSA is requesting approval 
of an amended prospectus to increase the total estimated cost of the project by 
$3,384,000 to account for cost escalations. There is no change in the overall scope of the 
Exterior construction; roof replacement; hazardous materials abatement; and energy improvements 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard normally provided by 
Insert graphic folio 369/60  EH280618.048lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The Federal Office Building, constructed in 1933, is listed in the National Register of 
Historic Places and provides approximately 305,000 gross square feet over 11 stories, including 
subbaseme~t and basement levels. There are 53 indoor parking spaces located in the subbasement level. The building is located across the street from 
of Housing and Urban Development, Department of the Interior, Equal Employment 
Opportunity Commission, Department of Energy, Department of Health and Human 
Services, Department of Veteran Affairs, U.S. Postal Service, and Department of 
The proposed project will restore the deteriorated exterior facade to stop material degradation and water intrusion into the building. 
of all biological growth and inspect, repair, and repaint the mortar joints, granite, brick, and terra cotta to provide protection 
from water penetration and prevent dislodging and debris from falling onto the sidewalk below. The project also will replace 
. the roof on the wing and dome shoulder, install fall arrest systems, restore steel windows by stripping exterior paint, removing all corrosion, replacing broken glass, installing new glazing 
putty, restoring the aluminum panels, adq lowE film and solar shades on south 
andwest facing windows to help with energy' efficiency, and abate hazardous materials, 
Insert graphic folio 369/61  EH280618.049lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
will restore the deteriorated exterior facade to stop material degradation and water intrusion into the building, thereby protecting the tenants 
and the general public. · There are multiple locations on the exterior envelope where 
materia1s have decayed due to water infiltration in the interior wall cavity, causing damage and biological growth 
oq the masonry. The window putty is deteriorated and the steel 
casing surrounding the windows is corroding causing glass to break. The roof on 
the wing and shoulder dome is deteriorated and does not have a fall arrest system. Wtthout restoration; the exterior materials 
win continue . to degrade, compromising the building structure and putting pedestrians 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
tile Public Buildings Sen,ice. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy and 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and 
the cost of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constructing a new building. 
Insert graphic folio 369/62  EH280618.050lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Recommended:..,...._,~~ .. ··..... ~·~·~'·~..f.,· ___ ·...... .·.~"'. .;.....· =__· __ : __ ~·· ~:~:~~~~ 
OF ENTRY , BLAINE , WA Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to resolve exterior envelope deficiencies and promote energy savings at the Pacific Highway U.S. Land Port of Entry located in Blaine, Washington at an additional design cost of $657,000 an additional estimated construction cost of $5,016,000 and an additional management and inspection cost of $357,000 for an additional project cost of $6,030,000 and a total estimated project cost of $17,960,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. This resolution amends the authorization of the Committee on March 2, 2016 for Prospectus No. PWA–00BNBL16. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
Insert graphic folio 369/64  EH280618.051lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA· 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to resolve exterior envelope deficiencies and promote energy savings 
Highway U.S. Land Port of Entry (LPOE) located in Blaine, WA. 
This project was among those included in prior year submissions for the Capital Investment and Leasing 
Program. Although the prospectus was approved by the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and 
Public Works of the Senate on March 2, 2016, and January 
20, 2016, respectively, GSA's Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 Major Repairs & 
Alterations Expenditure Plan did not allocate any funds to the project. GSA is requesting approval 
of an amended prospectus to increase the total estimated cost of the project by 
$6,030,000 to account for cost escalations. There is no change in the overall scope of the project. 
FY 2018 Committee Appropriation Requested (Design, Construction and Management 
Exterior construction; roof and electrical replacement; demolition; interior finishes and construction; and 
heaJ;ing, ventilation and air conditioning (HV A C), fire protection and plumbing repairs 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard 
Insert graphic folio 369/65  EH280618.052lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The Pacific Highway LPOE, constructed in 1999, is the largest commercial LPOE in the 
State of Washington and processes inbound and outbound automobiles, buses, and commercial traffic from arterial roads that connect to 
LPOE houses several Federal agencies and operates 24 hours per day, 7 days per week. The 11.8acre 
LPOE site contains two buildings: the AutoBus building and the Cargo building. The AutoBus building 
is a onestor)' automobile and bus processing building with 30,418 gross square feet 
(GSF) of space, inc\uding canopies. The Cargo building is 
a threestory commercial inspection and administration building with a singlestory warehouse wing. The building has 67,013 
of Bomeland Security Customs and Border Protection; Department of 
Agriculture Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service; Department of the Interior­
Fish and Wildlife Service; Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration; and 
The project will install a new exterior wall system and roof, and improve energy performance. The exterior envelope will be upgraded to stop water intrusion and involves deconstruction and reconstruction 
of exterior walls, installation of waterproofing materials, and improvements 
to the insulation. This work will impact multiple building systems that interface with the exterior walls. These systems include electrical, plumbing, interior finishes, fire protection, and HV AC. After the wall system 
is replaced, the HV AC system will be tested and rebalanced. 
Insert graphic folio 369/66  EH280618.053lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The existing exterior envelope in the Cargo and AutoBus buildings lacks a moisture barrier, which 
is enabling water to infiltrate and causing interior finish deterioration and mold growth. Water enters the walls 
at multiple locations, including gaps in cedar and corrugated metal cladding and through roofing screws that have penetrated insulation and 
building paper. These deficiencies, coupled with failing aluminum window wall gaskets 
and single pane translucent panels, contribute to the buildings' poor thermal performance and occupant discomfort 
at the bl,.lildings' perimeter. New thermal insulation will be installed where existing systems are water damaged, missing, or required by building code. Thermal insulation also will 
be incorporated into the exterior envelope systems to improve energy perfonnance: Replacement 
of the exterior walls will interface with and impact other building systems, including exterior lighting, electrical outlets (both interior and exterior), plumbing runs in exterior walls, 
fire sprinkler heads along exterior walls, and fire alarm speakers. The proposed work 
will require associated repairs to these systems. Interior finishes and construction work 
in connection with the replacement of the building envelope. While 
these measures are not intended solely to iinprove tenant comfort, it is expected that tenant comfort will increase 
as a result of the imp~oved material condition of the building and overall perfonnance 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy 
Insert graphic folio 369/67  EH280618.054lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Prior ProspectusLevel Projects in Building (past 10 vears) None Alternatives Considered 
(30year, present valne cost analysis) There are no feasible alternatives 
to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and the cost 
of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constructing a new building. Recommendation 
Insert graphic folio 369/68  EH280618.055lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. May 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on~Recommended:~:=__;~"::"""·.~· =~_:_:.· .+: ··.::::· ~~:._"7; =::... ·:.,:::::· ·~.·· :·_: ___ _ 
WASHINGTON , DC Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for the acquisition of the American Red Cross Building located at 2025 E Street NW in Washington, DC at a total estimated project cost of $160,000,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
Insert graphic folio 369/70  EH280618.056lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes the acquisition ofthe American Red Cross (ARC) Building located 
at 2025 E Street NW, Washington, DC in support of CU!Tent and future operations for the 
U.S. Department of State (DOS) and potentially other Federal agencies. The American Red Cross facility is located on Federal land under a ground lease agreement. 
currently leases nine floors, or 347,000 rsf of the building on behalf of the DOS under a lease that expires on June 
30, 2020. The ARC occupies the balance of the building and ARC has indicated that they are planning 
to move and convey the building for a fair market value price of 
$315,500,000. The DOS is interested in occupying the balance of the building and has agreed to contribute approximately onehalf 
*The DOS has agreed to provide the balance of the funds needed to purchase the building. 
The ARC Building is situated on approximately two acres of federal land under the administrative control and jurisdiction 
rentable square feet of Class A office space. The building has a total of 12 stories of office space, 2 
of which are located below grade and approximately 400 parking spaces on two below­
2002, the building, which serves as the national headquarters for ARC, is located in the west end 
of downtown Washington, DC on the north side of Constitution Avenue facing the National Mall, amidst many prominent federal properties including the Stewart Lee 
(Interior), Harry S. Truman (State), Theodore Roosevelt (OPM), U.S. General Services Administration buildings. The building is 
in Foggy Bottom submarket and is in close proximity 
Insert graphic folio 369/71  EH280618.057lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for tenant improvements above the standard nonnally 
This project consists of the acquisition of the 12 story 808,500 grosssquarefoot building and 
excludes acquisition of the building's site as it is already governmentowned. The building will 
continue to house DOS functions currently in the building and provides the opportunity to 
consolidate other State functions that are currently housed in leased locations. The building is in 
good condition with wellmaintained systems that are in good operating order with no major operating issues or 
concerns. The agreed upon acquisition cost of $315,500,000 will be split 
DOS portfolio is currently facing a series of challenges as a result of recent world events that have impacted their mission 
and real estate and economic conditions, including a shortage of 
space near the Main State Building. DOS needs a long term plan in which high rental rate costs 
can be controlled with long tenn real estate strategies. DOS' organizational structure and 
required adjacencies  Key offices and personnel require close proximity to the Secretariat, 
OSA has the opportunity to execute the purchase of a quality Class A property located in a 
highly desirable area, at a very competitive market price. The building is ideally located for 
DOS given its proximity to DOS headquarters and DOS's desire to locate in the area and 
consolidate its operations. OSA currently leases 1,843,038 square feet of space in the Foggy 
Bottom submarket, of which 824,000 square feet of space has been leased for the occupancy and 
use of the State Department. If the purchase is executed as proposed, the Federal government 
would eliminate $12 million in annual private sector lease costs. Purchase at this juncture would 
allow for GSA and DOS to avoid lease recompetitions for subject space with expiration of the 
Insert graphic folio 369/72  EH280618.058lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The 30~year, present value cost of purchase is $122,776,000 less than the cost of leasing with an 
Insert graphic folio 369/73  EH280618.059lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
PORTLAND , OR Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to upgrade the electrical system at the 911 Federal Building located at 911 NE 11th Avenue in Portland, Oregon at an additional design cost of $57,000, an additional estimated construction cost of $811,000 and a reduction of the management and inspection cost of $154,000 for an additional project cost of $714,000 and a total estimated project cost of $8,153,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. This resolution amends the authorizations of the Committee on February 28, 2013 and July 16, 2014 for Prospectuses Nos. PEX–00001 and POR–0033–PO15. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
Insert graphic folio 369/75 EH280618.060lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA AMENDED 
Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to upgrade the electrical system in the 911 Federal Building located at 911 
OR. Alterations include upgrades to the electrical system to meet current code requirements and improve serviceability. 
This project was among those included in prior year submissions for the Capital Investment and Leasing Program. Although the prospectus was approved 
of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public 
Works of the Senate on July 16, 2014, and May 18, 2016, respectively, 
GSA's Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 Major Repairs & Alterations Expenditure 
Plan did not allocate any funds to the project. GSA is requesting approval of 
an amended prospectus to increase the total estimated cost of the project by $714,000 to 
account for cost escalations. There is no change in the overall scope of the project. 
FY 2018 Committee Approval Requested (Design, Construction, and Management 
FY 2018 Committee Appropriation Requested (Design, Construction, and Management & Inspection) .... 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alteration~ above the standard normally provided 
Insert graphic folio 369/76 EH280618.061lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Constructed in 1953, the 911 Federal Building is an eightstory, steelframed structure with 312,447 gross square feet 
of space. The basement levef has one level of 
underground parking with 83 spaces. The 911 Federal Building is connected to and shares infrastructure with the neighboring Bonneville 
and, together, they are known as the Eastside Federal Complex. 
Congress, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Department of Energy, Department of Labor, Department 
of the Interior, Department of Homeland Security, and GSA 
The proposed project consists of upgrades to the electrical distribution system to me~t 
current code and improve serviceability. In addition, a lightning protection system will be installed, and submetering 
will be installed at strategic locations throughout the building 
Electrical System Upgrades Energy Improvements Fire and LifeSafety Upgrades 
The· electrical distribution system is original to the 1953 construction of the building and at the end 
of its useful life. The parts are no longer manufactured; therefore, when replacement parts 
are needed, parts have to be fabricated at great expense to the Government and repairs cause service interruptions for extended periods 
of time. A major equipment failure would result in an extended building outage. 
While undertaking these upgrades, submetering will be installed at strategic locations throughout the building 
Insert graphic folio 369/77 EH280618.062lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The building does not have a lightning protection system and a facility condition assessment indicated that the building has a moderate to high risk 
will be designed to confonn to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
There areno feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and the cost 
of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constructing a new building. 
Insert graphic folio 369/78 EH280618.063lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on _______ __:_ ________ _ 
Recommended:.........,·'=~___, .. _· ···.,· +c:~::..;..·_.c ... =·=·""".· =··_·: .. :­
FEDERAL BUILDING , CLEVELAND , OH Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to renovate and provide consolidated space for the Veterans Benefits Administration, the Department of Labor Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs and the Department of Education at the Anthony J. Celebrezze Federal Building located at 1240 E. 9th Street in Cleveland, Ohio at a design cost of $6,008,000, an estimated construction cost of $63,362,000 and a management and inspection cost of $4,854,000 for a total estimated project cost of $74,224,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further,not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
Insert graphic folio 369/80 EH280618.064lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project for 
the Anthony J. Celebrezze Federal Building (Celebrezze Building) located at 1240 E. 9th 
Street in Cleveland, OH. · The project will renovate and provide consolidated space in the. Celebrezze 
Building for the Veterans Benefits Administration (VBA), the Department of 
Labor Office of Workers' Compensation Programs (OWCP) and the Department of 
Education (DoE). VBA is currently housed in the Celebrezze Building. OWCP and DoE 
are in privately owned leased space and will relocate into Celebrezze when the project is 
complete. The project will provide long~term housing solutions for all of the agencies. 
FY 2018 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested (Design, Construction, Management 
construction; heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HV AC) and electrical upgrades/replacement; hazardous materials abatement; 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for tenant improvements above the 
The Celebrezze Building was built in 1966 and houses over 4,000 federal employees. 
The building has 1,471,000 gross square feet, including 331 inside parking spaces, and is 
located within the northeast section of downtown Cleveland. There are 32 floors and a mezzanine 
level above grade, a basement and a sub~basement. The building is eligible 
for listing in the National Register of Historic Places. 
Insert graphic folio 369/81 EH280618.065lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PROSPECTUSALTERATION ANTHONY 
Department of Defense, VBA, Internal Revenue Service, Department of Homeland 
Security, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, and the National Labor Relations Board. 
The project proposes the buildout of space in the Celebrezze Building to meet the long­
tenn needs of VBA, OWCP and DoE. The project scope includes relocation of several existing tenants within 
the building to provide VBA with contiguous space, thereby allowing 
the agency to administer services for veterans more efficiently. OWCP and 
DoE will be relocated from privately owned leased space into Celebrezze and consolidate their footprints. Existing space 
will be abated of all hazardous materials. A new ceiling, 
lighting, and fire and life safety systems will be installed. Mechanical and electrical 
systems will be upgraded or replaced1 as required, for buildout of the tenants' spaces. Minor plumbing repairs 
in tenant spaces and some restrooms will be completed. 
currently occupies approximately 113,000 usable square feet in the Celebrezze Building. They have been 
housed on the lOth through 13th floors of the federal building since 
it opened in 1966. Aside from minor space modifications and upgrades .to the 
building's mechanical systems, the VBA office space has not undergone a major renovation. 
The modernization will provide VBA with contiguous space that meets its current requirements 
and will assist them in providing veterans services more effectively. Hazardous materials 
abatement needs to be completed in the renovated spaces to· replace 
the ceiling, lighting and fireproofing, which are original to the building. OWCP and DoE 
Insert graphic folio 369/82 EH280618.066lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Sta11dards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy 
Alternatives Considered (30year, present value cost analysis) Amount $117,849,000 
The 30year, present value cost of alteration is $11,523,000 less than the cost of new 
Insert graphic folio 369/83 EH280618.067lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on~· ~~~ ........... ~~~~~~~Recommended:~·~..,...·...£...<··""""."· ....:·.:;...·cr.·..,..···..,.··~~·""'· :y~:··.~.:::...· ........ :...._· .·_"=·· ~. ·~·:~~~ 
Insert graphic folio 369/84 EH280618.068lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEMay 
I 5 5 2 2 9 9 9 9 15 
27 393 393 2 2 689 689 40 40 335 335 50 50 5 5 37 37 l 
879 2,152 13,53! 828 7,890 1,102 3,885 !93 139 
989 329 341 4,451 1,968 2,726 2,497 5,729 28,4!2 !,480 6,040 84,556 1,390 110,816 
7,800 65,196 16,4!2 4,922 16,071 1,812 879 2,152 14,359 8,992 
Insert graphic folio 369/85 EH280618.069lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEMay 2017 
Building Office Tenants (excluding Judi~iary, Congress, and agencies with 
AIJ Building Office Tenants (including Judiciary. Congress, and agencies 
Judiciary, Congress. and agencies with less than 1 0 employees) 
All Building Tenants (including Judiciary~ Congress; and agencies with less than 10 employees) 
212 Current Office UR excludes 162,499 usf of offtce support space. Proposed Office UR excludes 158,198 usf of office support space Current 
Office UR excludes 164,969 usf of office support space. Proposed Office UR excludes 160,475 usf of office support space 
of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space availabiejointly to the occupants of the building. 
2 Office Utilization Rate= total office space available for office personnel. UR calculation 
3Total Building USF Rate= total building USF (office, storage, special) available for at! building occupants (office, and nonoffice personnel). 
BUILDING , NEW YORK , NY Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to address water infiltration and the resulting structural damage to the plaza, security pavilion, and garage at the Jacob K. Javits Federal Building located at 26 Federal Plaza in New York, New York at a design cost of $5,131,000, an estimated construction cost of $57,670,000 and a management and inspection cost of $2,911,000 for a total estimated project cost of $65,712,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
Insert graphic folio 369/87 here EH280618.070lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project 
to address structural stability and life safety issues at the Jacob K. Javits Federal Building (Javits 
FB), located at 26 Federal Plaza, New York, NY. The project will address water infiltration 
and the resulting structural damage to the plaza and security pavilion affixed 
to the building and garage that, if unaddressed, could significantly impact the structural integrity. 
FY 2018 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested (Design, Construction and Management 
Exterior construction, roof replacement, site work, interior construction/foundation, electrical replacement/repairs, and building security coordination 
The Javits FB consists of three interconnected buildings: a 45story office building plus basement, 
an 8story courthouse aud office building (built in 1967, the James L. Watson Court of International Trade), 
and a 45story annex constructed in 1977 along the west side of 
the original45story building. The two_ 45story buildings function together as the Javits 
FB. The James L. Watson Court of International Trade is connected to the Javits 
FB by a fourstory pedestrian bridge. The entire Javits FB complex consists of 
approximately 2.9 million gross square feet with an underground parking garage containing nearly 
Insert graphic folio 369/88 here EH280618.071lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Federal Bureau of Investigation, U.S. Department of Homeland Security, U.S. 
Department of Health and Human Services~ U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, U.S. 
Department of Housing and Urban Development, U.S. Social Security Administration, and National Labor Relations Board. 
The proposed project will address the most exigent needs at the Javits FB and includes repairs 
to structural defects and upgrades to the foundation and plaza, remediation of 
water iri:filtration, waterproofing of the garage and exterior planters, replacement of 
portions of the roof, and upgrades/replacement of exterior and garage lighting. Interim repairs, using minor repair and alteration program funds, are presently underway 
prevent further deterioration and possible structural failure. Repairs will be made 
to the reinforced concrete interior columns and slabs designed into the building's west plaza and subgrade levels 
of the garage and basement. The work includes beam expansion joint repairs and leak remediation to 
the columns along the northwest ramp along Broadway and Worth 
Exterior repair work to the plaza on the west (Broadway) side of the building wiH include new sidewalk areas atop the substructure. A concrete sidewalk along the front 
of the building will be replaced to correct the unevenness of the sidewalk for pedestrians and eliminate water penetration in the basement and garage areas 
The project will replace portions of the multilevel roofing system that have reached the end 
of their useful life. The penthouse roof will be replaced and localized repairs will be 
made to the interior masonry parapet wall and raised roof edge. Exterior perimeter lights will 
be replaced and the lights in the garage will be repaired, where possible, or replaced. Building security coordination 
is related to site security during the constrUction phase. 
Insert graphic folio 369/89 here EH280618.072lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The Javits FB is experiencing structural and related waterproofmg deficiencies that pose a structural stability and lifesafety threat. Presently, reinforced concrete columns and slabs at the three expansion joints designed into the west plaza and subgrade levels 
the garage and basement have sustained structural damage caused by persistent water infiltration. Loose concrete debris has been falling onto vehicles and nearly 
300 spaces in the garage are inaccessible. Remedial actions at;e being taken to mitigate falling debris hazards in areas that remain in 
It is critical that the proposed repairs to the garage be completed prior to the completion 
of the ongoing FBI reconfiguration and alteration project (PNY0282NY16), since FBI requires approximately 
250 official parking spaces for government vehicles. The west side 
of the building entrance has been temporarily closed due to safety concerns. The entrance also serves 
Immigration Services. The closure of the entrance compromises the ability to bring visitors into the building, thereby resulting in lengthy lines outside the building envelope. The buildings' aged roofing systems are damaged, which is allowing the infiltiation 
water in areas covering critical building systems, such as the elevator machine rooms and in tenant areas. Perimeter lighting will be installed and lighting in the garage will be repaired or replaced, 
if necessary, to enhance overall building safety. Building security coordination will secure the project site during the construction. 
Insert graphic folio 369/90 here EH280618.073lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy 
*$7,660,000 was funded in FY 2015 through a reprogramming; $96,244,000 was funded through 
the FY 2016 Major Repairs & Alterations Expenditure Plan 
are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and 
the cost of the proposed project is far less than the cost ofleasing or constructing a new 
Insert graphic folio 369/91 here EH280618.074lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on~~~Recommended: ___ · _· '· ~ ~ /:;..;. _.:::..·....::::..../.f. _/...!~::.__.:..,L·=~··~_ __ " ___ cActing~~iiCB1iiidi11gS&rvice 
CUSTOM HOUSE , NEW YORK , NY Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations for Phase I of a twophase project that will remediate water infiltration in the subbasement and basement levels to prevent further damage at the Alexander Hamilton U.S. Custom House located at 1 Bowling Green in New York, New York of a reduction in design cost of $498,000, an additional estimated construction cost of $7,454,000 and an additional management and inspection cost of $537,000 for a total additional cost of $7,493,000 and total estimated project cost of $53,991,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. This resolution amends the authorization of the Committee on July 23, 2015 of Prospectus No. PNY–0131–NY16. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
Insert graphic folio 369/93 here EH280618.075lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA} proposes Phase I of a twophase repair and 
alteration project to address building deficiencies at the Alexander Hamilton U.S. Custom 
House, a National Historic Landmark located at l Bowling Green, New York, New York. 
This proposed project (Phase I) will remediate water infiltration in the subbasement and 
basement levels to prevent further damage to the building. Phase II, to be submitted as 
part of a future request; proposes replacing the skylight, replacing the exterior windows 
with blast windows and repainng the laylight. The proposed twophase project will 
ensure the longterm occupancy of federal agencies by providing a safe and reliable work 
Thjs project was among those included in prior year submissions for the Capital 
Investment and Leasing Progmm. Although the prospectus was approved by the 
Committee on Tmnsportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee 
on Environment and Public Works of the Senate on July 2:3, 2015, and 
January 20,2016, respectively, GSA's FY 2016 Major Repairs & Alterations Expenditure 
Plan did not allocate any funds to the project. GSA is requesting approval of an amended 
prospectus to increase the total estimated cost of Phase I of the project by $7,493,000 to 
account for cost escalations. There is no change in the overall scope of the project. 
Exterior construction and restoration; interior construction and restoration; hazardous 
Insert graphic folio 369/94 here EH280618.076lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The Alexander Hamilton U.S. Custom House, located in lower Manhattan at the 
beginning of Broadway and just east of Battery Park, was designed by the renowned architectCass Gilbert and includes artwork by Daniel Chester French and Reginald 
Marsh. The building presents a square plan with a central rotunda and surrounding corridors. 
It contains 501,225 gross square feet (GSF) of space and features a heavily detailed gray granite 
fa9ade and monumentai sculptural elements located in front of the 
building. The building was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 and 
U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Smithsonian Institution," U.S. Department of Transportation, Federal Trade 
Commission, U.S. Department of the Interior, U.S. Department of 
Homeland Security, and the National Archives and Records Administration. 
Phase I of the project is intended to remediate water infiltration in the subbasement a11d 
basement levels of the building. This project will include the excavation/replacement of 
the si4ewalk around the building to provide access to the affected areas in the sub­
basement. It will involve leak mitigation for the vehicle ramp, the access hatches, the 
Insert graphic folio 369/95 here EH280618.077lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
sidewalk vault, and the exterior joints! and replacement/repair of piping, as needed. The project also 
will involve major structural repairs to support beams and the removal of 
Phase II of the project consists of the replacement of all exterior windows with blast protection windows 
on all sides and replacement of the skylight and repair of the laylight 
in the rotunda. Restoration of murals in the rotunda, including architectural repair work 
for the entire ceiling in the rotunda, and restoration of exterior sculptures on the northern 
fayade parapet, including the center cornice, also will be completed. 
Exterior Construction Interior Construction Hazardous Materials Abatement Building Coordination 
Water infiltration in the subbasement and basement levels is jeopardizing the structural integrity 
·af the building and building systems. Water and drain piping located under the sidewalk vault 
are compromised and could collapse, which presents a. potential safety hazard 
and could cause additional damage. Falling debris from the overhead damaged areas poses a potential safety risk 
to personnel and could result in additional· costly emergency work. Water infiltrating at the windows also 
and negatively affecting the building's energy efficiency. The building 
does not meet current standards for facility security. Age and exposure to weather elements 
is negatively impacting the building's exterior and interior artwork. Failure 
to make the appropriate repairs to the building will result in further damage to this National Historic Landmark. 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy 
Insert graphic folio 369/96 here EH280618.078lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
SenateEPW 1/20/2016 $46,498,00 Design, Phase I ECC and M&I 
HouseT&I. 7/23/2015 $46,498,00 Design, Phase 1 ECC and M&I 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a. limited scope renovation and the cost 
of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constructing a new building. 
Insert graphic folio 369/97 here EH280618.079lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on~·~~~ ........ ~~~~~~Recommended: _____ ""'·~~:·:..:;...:·..;;_·._.·.<!..·~=~;:..._ .. ;.,.;G . .!::!.:..,.r.:;. :...._' ____ ._· ~:_,.,.,~~~~ 
FEDERAL CENTER , INDIANAPOLIS , IN Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to renovate space and consolidate Federal agencies currently housed in leased space at the Major General Emmett J. Bean Federal Center located at 8899 E. 56th Street in Indianapolis, Indiana at a design cost of $3,435,000, an estimated construction cost of $39,707,000 and a management and inspection cost of $2,808,000 for a total estimated project cost of $45,950,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
Insert graphic folio 369/99 here EH280618.080lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project for 
the Major General Emmett 1. Bean Federal Center (Bean Center) at 8899 E. 561h Street in Indianapolis, 
IN. The project will renovate space in the Bean Center and consolidate Federal agencies currently housed 
$9,600,000 per year in private seCtor lease costs and saving approximately $3,600,000 in annual agency rent payments. 
Interior construCtion; heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HV AC) upgrades; hazardous materials abatement; 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for tenant improvements above the standard normally provided by 
The Bean Center is a threestory, concreteframed structure with brick and stone exterior walls located at 
8899 East 56th Street in Indianapolis, IN. The building measures approximately 
1,660,000 gross square feet and is situated on a 72acre site. The building 
was constructed in 1953 as a Department of Defense (DOD) records storage facility and jurisdiction, custody 
and control of the buifding was transferred to GSA in 1996, at which time 
the facility was renovated for its current office use .. 
Insert graphic folio 369/100 here EH280618.081lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
Department Of Homeland Security, DOD, Department of Agriculture (USDA). and GSA 
The project proposes the buildout of space at the Bean Center to meet the longwtenn 
needs of Federal agencies currently housed in leased spac.e, including U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection; U.S. Marine Corps and USDA. The project includes relocation of 
several tenants within the Bean Center to provide agencies moving into the building with contiguous space. The scope 
e1ectrical, plumbing, and tire and life safety systems in spaces to be occupied 
by these agencies. Common areas will be upgraded and hazardous materials will be abated, 
The project will provide a Iong~term housing solution and improve space utilization rates, thereby reducing both 
the amount of space the Federal Government leases in the private 
The Defense Financing and Accounting Service (DF AS) is the anchor tenant at the Bean Center, occupying approximately 
900,000 usable square feet (USF). DF AS plans to 
vacate approximately 175,000 USF, which, along with existing vacant space, will provide 
the opportunity to consolidate Federal agencies that are currently housed in 
approximately 340,000 USF of leased space in Indianapolis. To consolidate their existing footprints 
in leased space, the amount of space these agencies will occupy in the Bean Center 
To create a contiguous space for the backfill tenants, three agencies currently in the Bean 
Center most likely will be relocated within the building. 
Insert graphic folio 369/101 here EH280618.082lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy 
Lease .. ·····a, '"*f '"'""•. ~ ......... , ••••• , ., ••• , ........... •*····· ...... J• ••• _., •• 1 ....•• ,. .......... , ~"· ~ .... ··~··· $298,796,000 
The 30year, present value cost of alteration is $63,490,000 less than the cost of new 
construction, with an equivalent annual cost advantage of $3,452,000. 
Insert graphic folio 369/102 here EH280618.083lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Recommended:~~ .. ··· ~,;...· ..r:;.. ~·:.,::.·;.._;;::_·~· _ .. _.~~· . ...;;.~· ;_e:_4. .. =..,.·. _._ ···.~~~=~~~Acting Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
Insert graphic folio 369/103 here EH280618.084lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEMay2017 Housing Plan 
DOD US Marine Corps 2.50 250 58,510 6,501 65,011 
6325 Digital Way and 6650 Telecom Drive, Indianapolis, IN 
DHS CBP Mission Support Facilities 601 601 151,973 4,700 156,673 
USDANatural Resources Conservation Service 36 36 16,886 1,565 18,451 
USDAOffice of the Inspector Geneml 4 4 1,92.2. 1,922 
DOD Department of Army 46 46 50,682 1,906 6,841 59,429 
DOD US Army Reserve Command 5 5 2,404 2,404 DOD • US Army Criminal 
DODUS Army, HQ, Recruiting CommandFt. Knox 3 3 4,358 7,691 .12,049 DOD 
Military Entrance Processing Command 56 56 25,983 5,039 31,022 
DOD ·Defense Logistics Agency 11 11 4,825 148 4,973 
DOD Defense Contract Audit Agency 16 16 5,588 140 5,728 
DOD ·Defense Contract Management Agency 44 44 11,178 733 11,911 
DOD Army National Guard Recruiters 63 63 11,382 845 12,227 
DOD US Marine Corps . USDAFarm Service Agency USDA Rural Housing Service USDARisk Management Agency· USDANatural Resources Conservation Service . 
USDA Food Safuty and Inspection Service USDAOffice of the Inspector General Joint Use 20 20 7,942 4,953 43,016 55,911 Vacant 
7,942 4,953 43,016 10,719 1,435 260 Total ·59,429 2,404 1;444 12,049 31,022 4,948 4,361 4,973 5,728 11,911 726,102 11,613 12,227 108,068 65,011 10,792 8,602 3,233 13,839 825 1,442 55,911 12,414 
Insert graphic folio 369/104 here EH280618.085lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEMay2017 Housing Plan 
*Current DFAS and Vacant USF shown reflects the planned DFAS relense of approximately 175,000 usf 
Building Office Tenants (excluding Judiciary, Congress, and agencies with less than 
Office Tenants (including Judiciary, Congress, and agencies with less 
Building Tenants (excluding Judiciary, Congress, and agencies with less than 
All Building Tenants (including Judiciary, Congress, and agencies with less than 
201 Current Office UR excludes 224,57 6 usf of office support space. Proposed Office UR excludes 219,07 6 usf of office support space 
Current Office UR excludes 295,415 usf of office support space, Proposed 
Office UR excludes 219,029 usf of office support space. 
1 USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. 
2 Office Utilization Rate~ total office space available for office personnel. UR calculation excludes office support space USF. 
3 Total Building USF Rate= total building USF (office, storage, special) available for all building occupants (office, and nonoffice personnel). PINl.103IN18 
BUILDING , WASHINGTON , DC Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to upgrade elevators at the Harry S. Truman Federal Building located at 2201 C Street, NW in Washington, DC at an additional project cost of $ $4,200,000 for a total estimated project cost of $13,200,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. This resolution amends and replaces the authorization for the Harry S. Truman Federal Building approved by the Committee on February 28, 2013 in Prospectus No. PEX–00001. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
Insert graphic folio 369/106 here EH280618.086lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administr(ltion (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to upgrade elevators 
at the Harry S. Truman (Main State) Building located at 2201 C Streett 
NW, Washington, DC. The continued deterioration of the elevators and increased population 
in the building has accelerated the need for these repairs. This project 
was among those included previously included in GSA's Fiscal Year 2013 
Capital Investment and Leasing Program's Exigent Needs prospectus. Although the prospectus 
was approved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House 
of Representatives and the Committee on Environmental and Public Works of the 
Senate on February 28, 2013, and July 25, 2012, respectively, no funds were 
appropriated. Rather than seeking in the aggregate for the Exigent Needs prospectus, 
GSA is now seeking individual prospectus approval and funding for certain projects originally included 
as part of the Exigent Needs prospectus, such as the work described in 
this prospectus. GSA is requesting approval of an amended prospectus to increase the 
total estimated cost of the project by $4l200,000 to account for cost escalations. Thereis 
no change in the overall scope of the project. 
*Tenant agency may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard normally provided by 
Insert graphic folio 369/107 here EH280618.087lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The Harry S. Truman Building is located at 2201 C Sfreet, NW. The original portion of 
the building, known as the ~'Old War Building", was completed in 1941 forthe fanner 
War Department and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. An addition, referred 
to as "New State", was constructed in 1960. The limestone and granite exterior building provides approximately 
2.6 million gross square feet of space for the Department 
of State personnel and 905 inside parking spaces on the 12.2 acre site. 
This proposed project consists of upgrades to 21 elevators (including several freight elevators) 
in the nonmodernized half of the building. GSA had originally planned to 
undertake these upgrades at a later date however the current condition of the elevators 
makes it necessary to modernize the elevators at this time. The proposed project includes 
the removal and replacement of the major elevator components. 
The Department of State continues to increase the building population; however, the 
outdated) existing elevators are unable to meet the usage demands. The elevators have long since 
reached the end of their serviceable lives and are in irreparable conditions and 
must be addressed immediately. The elevators are susceptible to reliability problems and 
the continued availability of repair parts is uncertain. Major parts have· not been manufactured since 
1995 and refurbished parts have become increasingly difficult to 
obtain and when found they tend to be less reliable. On average, two to three elevator cars 
are out of servi~e. Upgraded elevators will meet safety codes that current elevators 
do not meet. Historic finishes in the elevator cabs also will be addressed, 
Insert graphic folio 369/108 here EH280618.088lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
This project will b.e designed to conform to requirements of the FacUlties Standards far 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy 
*Included m the 2013 Exigent Needs Prospectus PEX~OOOOI, which was approved for 
PDC·0046 W A 14 Modernization Ph. IV 1988$162,045,000 2014 
PL lll5(ARRA) · Modernization Ph. IV Construction, Ph. V 2010 $ 14,735,000 
Note: Ongoing modernization ()f approximately onehalf of the building began in 1988 .. 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and 
the cost of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constrUcting a new 
Insert graphic folio 369/109 here EH280618.089lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
.. ~ ··.3~ ~~""· ~...,.Acting Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
Approved: __ ..,.,~O:~~'=.. ~,..,._,..,._+P1~_{?= __ ...:..._'=+~IA~~!:..l.l·e:.t:....~=~=· .,..., . .,..... .. """""· ~ 
BUILDING , VAN NUYS , CA Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to replace roof, upgrade building systems, and improve egress and lifesafety at the James C. Corman Federal Building located at 6230 Van Nuys Boulevard in Van Nuys, California at a design cost of $1,183,000, an estimated construction cost of $10,704,000 and a management and inspection cost of $803,000 for a total estimated project cost of $12,690,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
Insert graphic folio 369/111 here EH280618.090lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project for 
the James C. Corman Federal Building at 6230 Van Nuys Boulevard, Van Nuys, CA. 
The project includes roof replacement, building systems upgrades, and egress and life­
safety improvements. This work is essential to the longterm positioning of the asset and 
it facilitates future recovery of vacant space by providing accommodation for Federal agencies currently 
Structural upgrades;· exterior and interior construction; electrical; new egress and 
protected entries; heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) upgrades; roof replacement; site work; demolition 
"'Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for tenant improvements above the 
Located in the heart of Van Nuys, the James C. Connan Federal Building is 4 stories and 
approximately 231 ,000 gross square feet. It is a midtwentieth century, precast concrete 
and stone·clad office building with a basement and both ind9or and outdoor parking. On 
the same site, there is a one·story Hannex" that previously housed the United States Postal 
Insert graphic folio 369/112 here EH280618.091lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
U.S. Department of the Treasury Internal Revenue Service, Defense Contract Audit Agency, 
U.S.·Department of Labor, U.S. Anny, Department of StateConsular Affairs, 
GSA Federal Acquisition Service, GSAPublic Buildings Service, and DHSFederal 
The project ·includes structural alterations and repairs, exterior enclosure and interior construction, electrical 
Upgrades, new egress and protected entries, HV AC upgrades, roof replacement, site 
and fire protection for the annex. The work will position the building for full 
Due to its age and condition, the asset requires repair and alteration to assure service continuity 
and safety and to attract and keep tenants for vacant space recovery, This 
project, in conjunction with a Fiscal Year 2016 Consolidation Activities Special 
Emphasis Program project and other backfill plans, will help take the building from two­
thirds vacant to full occupancy by the time construction is complete. Lifesafety 
improvements and upgrades will improve occupant safety and code compliance and 
enhance the asset's perfotmance, efficiency and reliability. Some improvements also will 
provide the added benefit of improving occupant comfort and marketability of the asset needed 
Insert graphic folio 369/113 here EH280618.092lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Th1s project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
tile Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy 
The 30year, presentvalue cost of alteration is $23,844,000 less than the cost of new construction, 
Insert graphic folio 369/114 here EH280618.093lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEGSA 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Recomrllended: ' /// /£' ~~~~~~~·~·~·~~~~~~~~ry.:~·~··~·~· Acting Commissioner, Public Buildings Service Approved: 
IMMIGRATION (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, our inability to pass either of the immigration bills yesterday was a disappointing failure to solve two of the largest problems we face: routine illegal border crossing and abuse of the asylum system. In addition to wallbuilding and border security bills, I have sponsored legislation to get the workers we need to drive a growing economy: Change our system of immigration from familybased to skillbased, like Australia and Canada. We need legal, verifiable, and skilled or the educatable to be workers coming in all ranges of skills. This is the RAISE Act. I have also introduced a bill to prevent claiming amnesty from anyone who is already inside our borders. Amnesty is supposed to derive from ‘‘credible fear’’ of persecution, not flight because the country of origin is dangerous, lawless, or offers little economic opportunity to its citizens—not our problem. These proposals would go a long way to solving the immigration crisis and creating a workforce to drive a growing U.S. economy in the 21st century. 
b1245 HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF CHARLES PAGE (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mark the life and legacy of Charles Page, a true public servant who considered himself so blessed that he went by the nickname of Mr. Lucky. But it goes without saying that all of us benefited from Charlie’s generosity and willingness to give back to the place that we call home. He came to the Monterey Peninsula as a young airman assigned to the Defense Language Institute. He stayed there, built his life there, and continued to serve there as a twoterm city councilman, as the president of the Association of Monterey Bay Area Government, and as the founder of the Monterey County Legal Aid Society, as well as the founder of the Monterey Peninsula College Foundation. Charlie understood the value of junior colleges, not just for students, but for the entire community. He inspired people to get involved, including myself. I will never forget when I received a phone call out of the blue asking me when I was going to get involved, when I was going to serve. I believe that that call sparked the beginning of my career in service. Mr. Speaker, for that and all of his contributions to our community and country, I recognize Charlie Page, for we are all blessed and lucky to know him. f 
ROME LAB STANDS AT THE FOREFRONT OF ADVANCED CYBER RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, the Air Force Research Laboratory Information Directorate, otherwise known as Rome Lab, stands at the forefront of advanced cyber research and development projects within the Air Force and plays an integral role in ensuring that our military has the 21st century tools to dominate in cyberspace and on the battlefield. The importance of Rome Lab in my district in New York State cannot be overstated. That is why I have continued to advocate and secure record level funding for Rome Lab. I am grateful to have Defense Appropriations Subcommittee Chairwoman KAYGRANGER , who has advocated for increasing by another $10 million for our Federal funding to enhance current research and development into our small Unmanned Aerial Systems, an essential tool of modern warfare. Additionally, our office secured over $200 million in funding, which represents a 10 percent increase over last year’s level, and another $14.2 million in funding for a perimeter fence around Rome Lab to secure this vitally important and highly sensitive asset. The hightech ecosystem and hub of research and development built around Rome Lab has created a rich environment for entrepreneurs to start new ventures and to thrive in the Mohawk Valley. It is estimated that Rome Lab’s impact in 2017 was over $392 million in the surrounding fivecounty region. It is an honor to represent the talented, dedicated, and hardworking workforce at Rome Lab. It is critically important that we protect this asset. 
SUMMER RECESS STOPS SCHOOL SHOOTINGS (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, in the 4
1⁄2 months since 17 people were killed in a mass shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, there have been 15 shootings at schools and colleges around the country. In the absence of congressional action, the only thing that has stopped these school shootings is summer recess. But summer recess won’t stop the daily gun violence in communities across the country. In the past 72 hours, 97 people were killed and 180 people were injured by gun violence. And summer recess won’t provide relief to the families who are still grieving the loss of their children, their loved ones. Earlier this month, four Stoneman Douglas seniors were honored with degrees they earned but never received because they were murdered in their school. Their parents and siblings walked onto that stage instead. It shouldn’t have been this way. It is time for this House to act on gun violence. Bring up the bipartisan bills on universal background checks, banning bump stocks, gun violence restraining orders. We cannot wait until the school bell rings again this fall. We have to act now. f 
HONORING OFFICER MATHEW MAZANY (Mr. JOYCE of Ohio asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, today, I want to honor the life and service of a brave constituent of mine, Mentor police officer Mathew Mazany. Officer Mazany, a 14year veteran officer, was killed in a tragic hitandrun on Sunday morning while helping with a traffic stop. He achieved his dream by following in the footsteps of his father, who also served as a police officer for 34 years in Maple Heights, not too far from Mentor. His coworkers and those who knew him best described him as a happygo lucky kind of guy who enjoyed the Mentor community. Officer Mazany leaves behind a son, a brother, a father, and countless others who had the pleasure of knowing him. His legacy and dedication to public service will not be forgotten. My prayers are with Officer Mazany’s family, his friends, the city of Mentor and the Mentor Police Department during this difficult time. 
WE NEED TO RESTORE DEMOCRACY (Mr. SARBANES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, today, too many Americans feel that their own democracy doesn’t respect them, that they are left out and locked out of their own democracy. That is why Democrats today are introducing the By the People Resolution, a broad set of reforms, a declaration of principles that we need to restore democracy and give people their voice back, in three broad categories of reform: Voter empowerment, voting rights; making sure that it is easier, not harder, to access the ballot box and to cast your vote. 
Ethics and accountability, because we need transparency in our government. We need to obey the rules, observe the norms. That is critical to have trust in government on the part of the people. And lastly, campaign finance reform, because big money and special interests have way too much influence up here on Capitol Hill, and we need to do something about it. We can do this. With a bold set of reforms, we can make sure that Americans feel respected, and we can return, finally, to a government of, by, and for the people. 
THANKING CAPTAIN SWEATTE AND MICHAEL SULLIVAN (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Captain Raymond Sweatte and Mr. Michael Sullivan, the crew of the University of Georgia Skidaway Institute of Oceanography’s ship, the Savannah. While Captain Sweatte and Mr. Sullivan were on the Savannah conducting a researchbased fish survey just off the coast of Georgia, they were contacted by the Coast Guard about a nearby ship in distress. After searching multiple locations in the nighttime darkness, the Savannah located and saved two Florida fishermen struggling to cling to their lives. The fishermen had been taking on water for about 5 hours in high seas and winds and could not keep up with the water flowing into the ship. If the Savannah had not located and rescued these struggling fishermen, it is possible they would not have survived. I sincerely thank the University of Georgia’s Captain Sweatte and Mr. Sullivan for their bravery and heroic actions in this emergency situation to save the lives of two fellow Americans. 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN ENGROSSMENT OF H.R. 6157, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent in the engrossment of the bill, H.R. 6157, the Clerk be authorized to make technical corrections and conforming changes, including inserting amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 115–785 at the end of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S CORRECTIVE ORDER (Ms. NORTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, Donald Trump’s ‘‘corrective’’ order no longer separating children from parents takes families out of the fire of separation and throws them into the inferno of unlimited detention on military bases. Thus Trump’s zero tolerance policy stands, costing the government untold millions required to be spent for meals, air conditioning, libraries, private showers, medical, dental, and mental health. There are no good options when families enter the country seeking asylum, but herding them together in internment camps is the worst of those available. That is why past administrations have released the detainees with ankle bracelets and frequent contacts, with the overwhelming majority of detainees reporting back. The courts are likely to order a similar remedy. It is time for the administration to look at practices that have worked instead of inventing inhumane ones that don’t. f 
SUPPORT THE PEOPLE OF IRAN (Mr. LAMBORN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the people of Iran, who are sick and tired of living under the mullahs’ rule and have courageously taken to the streets across their country to demand freedom and sound governance. The Ayatollah’s regime duped the Obama administration into a nuclear deal in which they received a tremendous payout. The people of Iran expected to benefit financially from the deal, but the regime squandered everything on foreign wars at the expense of their citizens. The Islamic regime funds the ongoing deadly tactics of Hamas and the Palestinians, supports Bashar alAssad of Syria, finances the ongoing war in Yemen, builds rocket factories in Lebanon and Syria, and I could go on and on. Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness are ideals that America champions, the same ideals that the Iranian protestors are risking their lives to achieve. To this end, I support the Iranian people, as do the Trump administration and the free world. 
THE WAR ON COAL IN MONTANA (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring this body’s attention to a war on coal that jeopardizes our Montana communities, jobs, and economy. Environmental extremists want to eliminate the diversity of Montana’s energy generation. Their radical agenda threatens our Montana way of life, particularly in eastern Montana. This week, the Montana Chamber Foundation released a report that reveals the alarming impact a continued war on coal would have in Montana. If Colstrip’s Units 3 and 4 were closed prematurely, the impact would be devastating to Montana. Montana would lose about 3,300 jobs. Our State’s population would shrink by 7,000 individuals. Montanans would lose over $5 billion in income and all Montanans would face higher electricity prices. Also, the loss of this source of reliable baseload power would threaten the stability of our electric grid. Mr. Speaker, it is time to end this war on coal once and for all. Montanans, our communities, and our economy require that we not raise the white flag. f 
CONDEMNING THE BRUTAL PERSECUTION OF THE SINDHI PEOPLE (Mr. ROHRABACHER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to condemn the brutal persecution of the Sindhi people in Pakistan. Throughout the Sindh Province, and especially in Karachi, millions of Sindhi people are victimized by the Punjabidominated regime in Islamabad. This grave injustice and massive human rights crisis involves extrajudicial killings, forced disappearances, and tactics common in many totalitarian dictatorships. This oppression of the Sindhis is the work of the InterServices Intelligence, that is the ISI, of Pakistan, and the corrupt Pakistani Army. More than 154 Sindhi people have been reported missing just since August 2017. Among those includes Dr. Anwar Laghari, who is a physician who actually led the Sindhi people and the stalwarts in opposition to violent Islamic militarism, and that is why he was targeted by the ISI. Pakistan has made their choice to drop its alliance with the United States and form a new partnership with China and radical Islam, and they are now making war on their own people. The United States should stand with the people of Pakistan, not their oppressive government. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to condemn the brutal persecution of the Sindhi people in Pakistan. Throughout Sindh Province and especially in Karachi, millions of Sindhi people are victimized by the Punjabi dominated regime in Islamabad. This is a grave injustice and a massive human rights crisis involving extrajudicial killings, forced disappearances, and tactics common in China, Turkey, Iran and other totalitarian dictatorships. This oppression of the Sindhis is the work of the InterService Intelligence (ISI) and the corrupt Pakistan Army. 
More than 154 Sindhi people have been reported missing just since August 2017. Among the hundreds abducted and killed include Dr. Anwar Laghari, a physician and human rights leader who is a hero to the Sindhi people. Like Dr. Laghari the Sindhis are stalwarts in their opposition to violent Islamist militants, which is why they have been targeted by ISI. Pakistan has made its choice to drop its alliance with the United States and form a new partnership with China and radical Islam. Blatant betrayals like the ChinaPakistan Economic Corridor project and sheltering Osama Bin Laden indicate that Pakistan has long ago morphed away from being our friend and is now our enemy. And, Pakistan is at war with its own people, not only the Sindhis, but the Baluch and many of the Pashtun tribes are also targeted for harsh human rights abuses. America needs to face reality—stand with these persecuted peoples—and treat Pakistan like the corrupt narcotrafficking gangster regime allied with radical Islam that it is. 
ATROCITIES CONTINUE IN SYRIA The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GIANFORTE ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KINZINGER ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, there is really a tragic situation that has been unfolding for a long time in Syria, and I think it is important that we have a brief discussion today about what is at stake and what is happening. To start that discussion, Mr. Speaker, I am happy to yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ), the honorable chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, and a champion for the people of Free Syria. b1300 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I very much appreciate the time that has been set aside here, and I appreciate the gentleman yielding. I have got to say at the outset, one of the great tragedies of the half a million deaths in Syria is that I think it was quite avoidable. If we think back to 7 years ago and how it started, it began with people marching in the streets of Damascus saying, ‘‘peaceful, peaceful.’’ Their goal was to try to get some element of human rights in a country in which people were being abducted and disappeared in these chambers where they were tortured and killed. We know a lot more now than we did at the time because of a brave military photographer by the name of Caesar, and Caesar brought those pictures out to the West, 55,000 of them. The way in which the regime conducted itself drove the population in Syria to react. And now, after 7 years of war, brutal war, the atrocities continue in Syria; and in many ways, after listening this morning to Caesar and seeing his photographs again, they are worse than they were. I say that because, as we speak, despite a ceasefire agreed to by Russia, the Assad regime, backed by Russian war planes and backed by the Iranian militia from neighboring Iran on the ground, is engaged in a brutal assault on southern Syria. They are engaged there, and more than 45,000 civilians have fled as Russian and regime forces have intensified their shelling and their air raids again on civilian populations. So yesterday alone, three hospitals were bombed. The United Nations has said that more Syrians were displaced in the first few months of this year than at any period in the last 7 years of war—the first few months of this year. This is happening as we speak. This is one of the children affected by this brutal campaign. The numbers are staggering. As I shared with you, there are over half a million Syrians that have been killed. Think for a minute about the families of those who are on the move trying to escape. Fourteen million Syrians have been displaced; tens of thousands remain in the regime’s dungeons. That, for me, is the most horrifying aspect of this. It is because the regime will not, despite international pressure, change what it does within those dungeons, the same torture that was exposed to the world in the Caesar photos, in the 55,000 photos. And the horrific part of this—I don’t know why totalitarian regimes do this, but they have a habit of taking the picture of every tortured, mangled body that they have killed and then numbering it with a number, and then number after number after number. It is now a process of civil society in Syria trying to figure out and tie these families together. And the population that was massacred, whether it is Shia or Sunni or Alawites or Christian, it is as though the regime knows no bounds in terms of its suspicions. It is like Joe Stalin’s rampage when he decided, in the 1930s, to begin his process of eliminating anyone who could potentially be an opponent: take them in and put them to the torture. That is what is happening as we speak. And if the regime retakes southern Syria, thousands more will be detained and meet the same fate as those who are in those torture chambers today. So this morning, we had the honor of welcoming Caesar. ADAM KINZINGER  and I and other members of our committee had the opportunity once more to speak to the Syrian military defector who took those photos. Four years ago, he met with our committee in his first public appearance following his defection. Those photos gave us an eyewitness account of the Assad regime’s horrific brutality. And today, Caesar provided new, chilling testimony about the Assad regime’s attacks against the Syrian people. Industrialscale torture, as I have told you, is being committed against thousands of detainees. And I will tell you, one picture that especially moved me showed a young woman. She was an architect in the city. She had had her eyes gouged out. She was tortured to death and her crime was that she had delivered food and humanitarian aid to individuals targeted by the Assad regime. As you know, the Blue Helmets in Syria who run into collapsing buildings in order to pull out victims, pull out civilians, they are nondenominational. These are people who volunteer, and they are frequently targeted. It is often those who are doing the rescuing who are targeted by that regime. Mr. Speaker, as I have said before, there can be no real peace in Syria as long as the Assad regime, as long as Assad, himself, remains in power. We need a strategy that, in the name of humanity, moves beyond Assad to achieve a political solution that will secure a lasting peace among all of the parties there. The House has twice passed legislation named after Caesar, sponsored by Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL and me, to impose sanctions on supporters of Syria’s Assad regime, including sanctions on Iran and Russia, because that is where the materiel comes from. That is where the bombs come from. This legislation will help cut off funding that fuels Assad’s war machine, and it gives our diplomats muchneeded leverage in the political process. Additionally, the Caesar bill will support the prosecution of the regime’s war criminals. This includes U.S. assistance for cases being tried around the world, many based on evidence in the Caesar file, such as the one recently filed by prosecutors in Germany. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, the Senate still has not acted on this critical legislation. It is time to sanction Assad. It is time to sanction his backers. It is time to hold war criminals accountable and give justice to victims. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in the Senate to quickly move forward. Please move this legislation to help protect Syrian civilians. Again, I want to thank my colleague not only for his efforts and for his service to this country, including on the battlefield, but also for his service here today in the interest of humanity. Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for his leadership on this issue and for his very eloquently delivered speech on the seriousness of what is happening. The Syrian civil war is now in its eighth year, and it is approaching a very serious crossroad. While the media focus fades away after some chemical attack or a picture that steals our hearts for a moment, the war crimes being committed and the atrocities taking place in Syria are happening in full force right this very minute. For the last 9 days, the southern border of Syria has been under constant bombardment from airstrikes and barrel bomb attacks. Despite a ceasefire 
pact from Russia in July of 2017, we know Syria’s main military ally has continued to carry out attacks on behalf of the Assad regime. This critical moment will affect the future of Syria, the security interests of the United States, and stability within the international community. So what are we going to do about it? Since World War I, we have held that chemical weapons have no place on the battlefield. We have held strong to this principle and its core to the values of our country. We know that the President of Syria, the brutal dictator, Bashar alAssad, and his ruthless regime have committed countless war crimes, and they are responsible for murdering more than half a million Syrians. We know Assad has used chemical weapons countless times to attack and murder innocent civilians. We know that Russian and Iranian regimes have supported and helped Assad in his genocide on the Syrian people, including airstrikes and attacks that account for more than 50,000 dead Syrian children. We have seen the Assad regime, along with his Iranian and Russian backers, starve the people in cities like Madaya, Aleppo, and eastern Ghouta by using food as a weapon. We know the Assad regime has often refused U.N. and other humanitarian organizations from delivering critical humanitarian assistance to the most ravaged cities in Syria. Because we know this, we cannot turn a blind eye. We cannot just sweep this under the rug and ignore the horrific reality in Syria right now. We cannot isolate ourselves from this crisis. What happens in Syria and what happens in the Middle East has a very real impact on our national security and the security of future generations. If we fail to act in Syria and fail to inflict punishment over the use of chemical weapons, we will ultimately see the end of the nonproliferation treaty of chemical weapons and open the world to ghastly horrors, perpetual insecurity, and extreme danger. I support the President’s enforcement of those red lines, but we must not be naive enough to think that, if we show weakness elsewhere, it will not happen again. To be clear, I am not suggesting that the United States invade Syria, put 100,000 troops in, and start a regional war, not in the slightest. What I am suggesting is that we take a stand for what is right, what is just, and what is in the best interests of the United States and the freedomloving people around the world. We need a longterm strategy in Syria that leads to a solution of peace and an end to the ongoing, deadly, and horrific conflict. This strategy should also include the end of the Assad regime and a place at the table for all people at the table of government. First, we must maintain a presence in Syria and we must uphold the deescalation zones that have already been established. By bolstering these areas and making it known that the United States remains in the region, we can thwart the strongmen of Russia and Iran from pushing into these areas and targeting civilians. Internally, both Russia and Iran are fractured and tired. They both view Syria as a powergrab opportunity to take on their enemies: the United States and Israel. It comes as no surprise, as we know the true intentions of these bad actors anyway. That being said, we cannot allow Iran to complete its land bridge through the middle of Syria, and we cannot trust the Russians ever on anything. Russian strikes have obliterated residential areas in Syria, displacing thousands. The area’s major hospitals and makeshift hospitals have been targeted and destroyed. Let me say that again. The region’s hospitals have been targeted and destroyed. We must take measures to punish Russia and Iran for their crimes. Next, given the dire situation in places like Daraa, we need to establish nofly zones and maintain a presence to ensure they are being enforced by us and our allies. This is vital for the safety of our coalition units, the humanitarian aid volunteers, and the Syrian civilians who have been forced to flee their homes and their communities. We need to hold Assad, his regime, and the Russian and Iranian supporters accountable. In April, I spoke on the House floor in support of a bill I introduced with my House Foreign Affairs Committee colleagues, H.R. 4681, the No Assistance for Assad Act. This bill, which passed the House and now sits in the Senate, is a step in the right direction in taking actions in Syria and punishing the Assad regime for its horrific war crimes. H.R. 4681 needs to be implemented, as do the sanctions passed last year against the supporters of the Assad regime for their role in the genocide of Syrian civilians. Most importantly, the United States needs to remind the people of Syria that we stand with them. We stand for freedom, and we stand against the inhumane crimes committed against them by this barbaric regime and their Russian and Iranian backers. If you are a 10yearold kid in Syria and your dad was killed by an airstrike, you might see ISIS as the only opponent to Bashar alAssad, the butcher of Damascus who brutalized your family, who destroyed your home, who bombed your school, and who left you without an education or opportunity. If you are this 10yearold kid in Syria right now, you are likely to be a rich target of ISIS recruitment. Sadly, the next generation of terrorism will likely stem from these regions that have no hope or opportunity, that feel completely abandoned and ignored by the international community. I spoke to a Syrian regime defector yesterday named Caesar. Caesar defected from the Assad regime and brought with him thousands of pictures and documents proving that the regime tortures, starves, and kills innocent people every day. And, if that isn’t enough, they document these atrocities with cold precision, reminiscent of the actions of Nazi Germany. It is chilling. b1315 Caesar risks his life by sharing his experiences. In our meetings, he selflessly focuses on others. He emphasized how gravely the people of Syria are suffering every single day. And every single day, the people of Syria cling to the hope that America will speak up and stand with them. I pray for peace, and I urge the administration to position the United States as the global leader this world needs right now. I also implore the Senate to pass the Caesar Act, sanctioning regime officials involved in the torture and opening the path to their capture and trial as war criminals. They must be held accountable. We have passed this bill repeatedly, and we will do so again if we must. But the Senate has an opportunity to make this law and stand with the values that we hold dear. Mr. Speaker, the people of Syria need to know that there is hope. Right now, our lack of a strategy in Syria is leaving many with little hope or faith in the United States or our allies. I believe America has a mission in the world, and it is to be an example of selfgovernance in a world drowning in strongmen, cruelty, and chaos. I believe we have an opportunity to show the people of Syria, and the world, that the American Dream continues. We are still that shining city on a hill and a beacon of hope for peace and prosperity. When that light dims, it doesn’t give America an opportunity to look within and relax, regain ourselves, and look coldly and detached at the rest of the world. History has shown again and again that a dimming light in American leadership only guarantees a future fight, a future calling up of a generation of Americans to, once again, defeat an enemy. But if we remember this Godgiven mission and the light on the hill continues to beam bright, then we can create a generation within the camps of our enemies who rejects their ideology and implements change from within. Behind the Iron Curtain, it wasn’t America’s military action that sliced it in half. It was people behind it seeing our light, peering over that wall, and tearing it down so they, too, could enjoy those freedoms. As a great President, John F. Kennedy, said: ‘‘Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty.’’ 
Bashar alAssad will ultimately pay an awful, eternal price when he meets his Maker. Let’s move that appointment up so that justice here or in the afterlife is swift and soon. Let’s shine our light on the actions of Iran and Russia. Let’s expose with that brightness the torture and the bombing of aid convoys and hospitals. Let’s shine that light on the plight of people simply trying to live their lives and to raise their children to be police officers, doctors, farmers, factory workers, and mothers and fathers. Let’s speak out for the freedomloving people who so desperately need our voice. Let’s shine our light on the oppressive darkness around the world. Mr. Speaker, let’s save Syria. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
IBEW LOCAL 134, DUNBAR HIGH SCHOOL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with excitement and a sense of pride in my heart. Today, Mr. Speaker, I am here to share some great news coming out of my hometown of Chicago, Illinois, because next week, on Monday, a group of smart, dedicated, and hardworking young African American men from Dunbar High School located in my district will start new jobs in the skillsbased industry. These jobs, Mr. Speaker, and the young men’s employment are a result of a robust partnership and a sincere commitment to diversity that brought the city of Chicago, the Chicago public schools, and the IBEW Local 134 together to form an innovative construction trades program. Mr. Speaker, I am extremely encouraged by these motivated and diligent young men who never gave up and who saw the opportunity and hope that was available to them that extended beyond their environment. This program, the partnership it represents, and the hopes that it inspires is spot on. It is exactly the type of investment our most vulnerable communities need because it has the potential to yield life altering results. Programs like this one not only provide hope by decreasing joblessness, but they have the ability to play a major role in reducing the pervasive violence that plagues our Nation and our communities. This particular program, Mr. Speaker, is an important endeavor that offers more opportunities to underserved communities across the Nation by providing students in their junior and senior years of high school the chance to learn skills in fields including general construction, carpentry, heating, air conditioning, plumbing, welding, and electrical work, among many, many others. After graduation, students have multiple options available to them. They can enter a preapprenticeship program; they can pursue a postsecondary education; or they can obtain professional certification that will lead to immediate employment, as it has for these young men. Mr. Speaker, I just want to take a moment and recognize Mayor Rahm Emanuel’s commitment to seeing this program’s initiation and inauguration to get off the ground. Additionally, Mr. Speaker, this would not have been possible without the hard work and devotion of some dedicated individuals and organizations. So I want to thank the IBEW Local 134 and Don Finn, its president, and the city of Chicago, the Chicago public schools, and, most importantly, the instructors and the mentors of these young men for their persistence in seeing that this vision emerged and ensuring that the next generation that builds America represents the diversity of America. Mr. Speaker, I sincerely wish these young men the best as they embark on this new chapter in their lives. I want them to know that, with their perseverance, they have made it easier for those individuals, those young men and young women, who will follow in their footsteps. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
WHERE IS THE GOP? The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to follow Mr. RUSH, who was my Congressman growing up all through high school and actually in elementary school. Mr. Speaker, at this very moment, House Republicans are racing out of Washington. Families are being torn apart; children are being ripped from the arms of their mothers; and women who have fled horrific violence are being deported back to their abusers. Yet my Republican colleagues are nowhere to be found. Where are they, Mr. Speaker? House Republicans are fleeing the scene of an accident. They are running from the shame and embarrassment of yesterday’s vote on the GOP immigration bill. They are headed for the exits while thousands of kids cry in cages at our borders tonight. That is right, with the world watching and with a humanitarian crisis unfolding right here in America, Speaker RYAN and the House Republicans simply just gave up and went home. The other party fought for weeks behind closed doors. They traded accusations and insults, many of which were quickly leaked to the press. Yesterday, they finally put an immigration bill on the House floor, and it failed by the largest margin in recent memory. But instead of allowing a vote on a true compromise, like the Aguilar Hurd legislation, Speaker RYANand his leadership team decided to call it quits. They chose to put their fingers in their ears while thousands of kids are crying out for their mothers. Mr. Speaker, 121–301. That was the vote yesterday, and 121–301 tells the story of a Republican Conference in crisis. When he officially retires, 121– 301 should be in the first line of any story written about PAUL RYAN’s speakership. If Republicans aren’t interested in governing, they should at least step aside and let Democrats take over. If Speaker RYANisn’t interested in actually solving problems, he should get an early start on his retirement, because right now, it sure looks like House Republicans are more interested in fighting each other than fighting for the American people. Mr. Speaker, we have been hearing a lot about civility as of late. Republicans are upset that Members of this body have said mean things about the President. Republicans whine on FOX News about the White House press secretary being turned away from a restaurant. Republicans writing in the opinion pages are wringing their hands about the deterioration of our public discourse. Give me a break already. b1330 Isn’t it time that we worried less about the lack of civility in our politics and more about the lack of humanity in our government? Here is all I ask: When my Republic colleagues are enjoying their fireworks and barbecues with their loved ones next week, I hope they will spare a thought for the mothers separated from their loved ones because of Donald Trump’s outrageous cruelty. And I hope, just for a minute, that my Republican friends will pause and think about their own responsibility for this tragedy. I hope, just for a moment, that they will stop to wonder what future generations of Americans will say about the leaders of today who opted for silence or civility in the face of so much human suffering. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
LGBTQ PRIDE MONTH RESOLUTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 30 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand in the House of Representatives today to announce the reintroduction of the LGBTQ Pride 
Month resolution. This resolution encourages the celebration of the month of June as LGBTQ Pride Month. I am very proud to say that we are introducing this resolution because we want to commemorate the historic Stonewall uprising that took place at the Stonewall Inn in New York City on June 28, 1969. The resolution has 95 original cosponsors, and I would dearly like to call each name; but, of course, time doesn’t permit, and I might omit a name. So, Mr. Speaker, please know that it is well supported, and I am proud to have talked to a good many of the cosponsors who are very proud to be associated with this resolution. Mr. Speaker, this resolution celebrates the accomplishments of many persons in the LGBTQ community, among them, Mayor Annise Parker, who was the first lesbian elected as mayor of the City of Houston—and who did an outstanding job, I might add. It also celebrates the hard work of the transgender community and what it has done to spread awareness about tolerance and inclusion to make sure all people are celebrated in this great country. It recognizes the protesters who stood for human rights and dignity at the Stonewall Inn on June 28, 1969. It recognizes them as some of the pioneers of the movement. The resolution celebrates the creation of gay rights organizations in major cities in the aftermath of the Stonewall uprising. It highlights the importance of the American Psychiatric Association removing homosexuality from its list of mental illnesses in December of 1973. I want to pause and just say a word about this. Mr. Speaker, this was a significant accomplishment. It might seem like a small thing to a good many people, but when your very being is defined as a mental illness, and that is removed, it means something to people. It means that people can be themselves and not thought to be ill. So I am very proud to highlight this and the importance of it. It recognizes Elaine Noble as the first LGBTQ candidate elected to a State legislature in 1974, and Barney Frank, whom I had the honor of serving with in the House of Representatives on the Financial Services Committee, as the first Representative to come out as an openly gay Member of the Congress of the United States in 1987. It highlights the importance of the Civil Service Commission eliminating the ban on hiring homosexuals in most Federal jobs in 1975. Imagine not being hired simply because of who you are. It celebrates Harvey Milk having made national headlines when he was sworn in as an openly gay member of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors. It also highlights the importance of 1980, the Democratic Convention, where Democrats took a stance in support of gay rights. It celebrates Vermont becoming the first State to legally recognize civil unions between gay and lesbian couples in the year 2000. The resolution highlights the importance of the Supreme Court’s ruling in Lawrence v. Texas in June of 2003, which held that, under the 14th Amendment, States could not criminalize the private, intimate relationships of samesex couples. It highlights the significance of Congress approving and President Obama signing the repeal of Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell. It celebrates 2012 as the first year in which all 50 States had at least one LGBTQelected official. It celebrates Senator TAMMY BALDWINbeing the first openly gay United States Senator in January of 2013. It highlights the importance of the ruling in the United States v. Windsor, which found section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act, or DOMA, to be unconstitutional. It highlights the Equality Act, which was introduced on July 23, 2015, by Congressman David Cicilline—with bipartisan support, I might add—as the first comprehensive civil rights bill, which amends the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to include sex, sexual orientation, and gender identity among the prohibited categories of discrimination or segregation in places of public accommodation. It also celebrates Eric Fanning being sworn in as the first openly gay Secretary of the Army. Mr. Speaker, Presidents have acknowledged this month as Pride Month. President Clinton was the first to do so in 1999. President Obama followed. It is unfortunate, however, that this President has not done so. This President has not honored the month of June as Pride Month, although he has honored it as a reason to celebrate many other things. We hope that the President will have a change of heart and will recognize June as Pride Month because there is good reason to do so. On June 28, 1969, the patrons of the Stonewall Inn decided to rise up. It was a seminal moment in time for the LGBTQ community. The movement was born out of the necessity to live and thrive in a country where, at the time, it was neither accepted nor safe in many places to do so. Stonewall is recognized by most people as the moment in time when persons decided that they had had enough. It was not unusual for members of the police department to come in. It wasn’t just in Stonewall, not just into New York, but they would go into places where LGBTQ persons would congregate and harass them. It was something that was not accepted, of course, by the community. But officers, for whatever reason, thought that they could do so with impunity and, in fact, did do so with impunity in a good many places. Well, on this date, the members of the community decided that they would not take anymore. There was a pushback from the community in the form of persons just absolutely refusing to allow the harassment to take place. An uprising, a riot if you will, took place. As a result, many cities across the country adopted LGBTQ organizations and pride became something that persons wanted to exhibit. This was something that has metamorphosed from that moment in time to today, when we have Pride celebrations across the length and the breadth of the country. In Houston, we had a significant Pride parade. Literally scores of thousands of people were assembled and had the opportunity to celebrate with pride the fact that they were members of the LGBTQ community or they were allies of the LGBTQ community. The LGBTQ community has many allies in Congress, allies across the length and breadth of the country and the various statehouses, in police departments, allies who are willing to stand up and stand with the LGBTQ community. I count myself as an ally of the community and would hope that, as an ally of the community, what we are doing today will further the understanding that we, regardless as to who we are, should be proud to be associated with the LGBTQ community and proud to work with the LGBTQ community to acquire the additional rights that we all enjoy, to a certain extent— I say ‘‘we all’’ because there are still some things that are being denied persons of African ancestry—but to receive the rights that the Constitution accords all people. I would use, as an example, the right to simply have a job. There are places in this country where persons are still fired because of who they are. Once it is known that a person is a member of the LGBTQ community, they are terminated with impunity. We have to do something about this. This is the United States of America. It is the greatest country in the world, and as such, we ought not discriminate against anyone because of who they happen to be. Here in Congress, we have the LGBTQ Caucus. I am proud to be associated with this caucus. It has taken a stand not only for the rights of members of the LGBTQ community, but also for the rights of members of other communities. It has taken a stand when it comes to immigration, taken a stand when it comes to integration. The LGBTQ Caucus in the Congress of the United States of America has a very broad reach, a very good understanding of the notion that human dignity is something that should be accorded all people. Human rights are not to be denied people because of who they are or who they happen to love. I am honored to be associated with the caucus, and I am a very proud American who stands here tonight to say: Let’s continue to celebrate June as LGBTQ Pride Month, and let’s encourage the President of the United 
States of America to do what other Presidents have done. This is a noble thing, it is an honorable thing, and we ask that it be done. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. ADERHOLT (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today after 11 a.m. and the balance of the week on account of a family emergency. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 44 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, June 29, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia: Committee on Appropriations. H.R. 6258. A bill making appropriations for financial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–792). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5174. A bill to amend the Department of Energy Organization Act with respect to functions assigned to Assistant Secretaries, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–793). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5239. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to establish a voluntary Cyber Sense program to identify and promote cybersecure products intended for use in the bulkpower system, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–794). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5240. A bill to provide for certain programs and developments in the Department of Energy concerning the cybersecurity and vulnerabilities of, and physical threats to, the electric grid, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–795). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 3500. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prohibit the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service from rehiring any employee of the Internal Revenue Service who was involuntarily separated from the service for misconduct; with an amendment (Rept. 115–796). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. House Resolution 928. Resolution of inquiry requesting the President and directing the Attorney General to transmit, respectively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the President’s use of the pardon power under article II, section 2 of the Constitution, with an amendment; adversely (Rept. 115–797). Referred to the House Calendar. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mrs. LESKO (for herself, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. B IGGS, Ms. M CSALLY , and Mr. SCHWEIKERT ): H.R. 6259. A bill to allow a State to submit a State management decision to the Secretary of Education to combine certain funds to improve the academic achievement of students; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself, Ms. BASS, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. NORTON , Mr. V ELA, Mr. S OTO, Mr. SIRES, Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. G OMEZ , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. R UIZ, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. SERRANO , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. SCHIFF ): H.R. 6260. A bill to ensure Members of Congress have access to Federal facilities in order to exercise their Constitutional oversight responsibilities; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. BUDD (for himself and Mr. HARRIS): H.R. 6261. A bill to require shortterm limited duration insurance issuers to renew or continue in force such coverage at the option of the enrollees; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H.R. 6262. A bill to require a report on the efforts and options to mitigate the acoustic attacks on Foreign Service officers and their families and the physical protection capabilities to protect United States embassies, consulates, and residences, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mrs. BLACK (for herself and Mr. COHEN ): H.R. 6263. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States Army Rangers Veterans of World War II in recognition of their extraordinary service during World War II; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the 
Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MASSIE (for himself, Ms. KAPTUR, and Mr. R OHRABACHER ): H.R. 6264. A bill to promote the leadership of the United States in global innovation by establishing a robust patent system that restores and protects the right of inventors to own and enforce private property rights in inventions and discoveries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mr. MCCAUL, and Mr. K EATING ): H.R. 6265. A bill to ensure that only travelers who are members of a trusted traveler program use Transportation Security Administration security screening lanes designated for trusted travelers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 6266. A bill to amend title 40 to require the Administrator of General Services to make feminine hygiene products available in restrooms in public buildings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, and Mr. P OSEY ): H.R. 6267. A bill to amend the Federal Ocean Acidification Research and Monitoring Act of 2009 to establish an Ocean Acidification Advisory Board, to expand and improve the research on Ocean Acidification and Coastal Acidification, to establish and maintain a data archive system for Ocean Acidification data and Coastal Acidification data, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. BABIN, Mr. BUCK, Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. NORMAN , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. KINGof Iowa, and Mr. BRAT): H.R. 6268. A bill to exclude the Internal Revenue Service from the provisions of title 5, United States Code, relating to labormanagement relations; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. LAHOOD (for himself and Ms. SEWELL of Alabama): H.R. 6269. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to restructure the payment adjustment for nonemergency ESRD ambulance transports under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POSEY (for himself, Mr. MAST, and Ms. BONAMICI ): H.R. 6270. A bill to provide for a study by the Ocean Studies Board of the National Academies of Science examining the impact of ocean acidification and other stressors in estuarine environments; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 6271. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to require notarized acknowledgment by the spouse of a member of the Armed Forces who is eligible for insurance under the Servicemembers’ Group Life Insurance Program before the member may elect to not to be insured under such Program, to be insured under the Program for an amount less than the maximum amount, or to designate a beneficiary other than the member’s spouse or child; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. ABRAHAM (for himself, Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. GOSAR ): H.R. 6272. A bill to authorize a special resource study on the spread vectors of chronic wasting disease in Cervidae, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California (for herself and Mr. WALDEN ): H.R. 6273. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to ensure appropriate care by certain 340B covered entities for victims of sexual assault, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WELCH (for himself, Mr. HUFFMAN , and Ms. R OSEN ): H.R. 6274. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend certain tax credits related to electric cars, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 6275. A bill to provide that the 12 weeks of parental leave made available to a Federal employee shall be paid leave, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan: H.R. 6276. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the treatment of use of public infrastructure property for the private business use test for private activity bonds, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for himself and Mr. PAULSEN ): H.R. 6277. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the deduction for qualified business income; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts (for herself, Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , and Ms. CLARKE of New York): H.R. 6278. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the possession of a firearm by, or the disposition of a firearm to, a person who has been convicted of a misdemeanor crime of animal cruelty; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 6279. A bill to amend the Safe and DrugFree Schools and Communities Act to include bullying and harassment prevention programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. FUDGE (for herself, Ms. NORTON, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. R USH, Mr. SABLAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. VEASEY , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. JACKSON LEE, and Ms. L EE): H.R. 6280. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to include Parent PLUS loans in incomecontingent and income based repayment plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas (for himself, Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. B ACON , and Mr. MOULTON ): H.R. 6281. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to expand the circumstances under which participants may elect to discontinue participation in the Survivor Benefits Plan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Ms. MOORE , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. MCKINLEY , and Mr. NOLAN ): H.R. 6282. A bill to place a moratorium on the United States Postal Service’s mail processing facility closure and consolidation and to maintain Postal Service delivery standards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 6283. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow individuals only enrolled in Medicare Part A to contribute to health savings accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. LAWRENCE (for herself, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. BASS, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. NADLER , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. WILSON of Florida, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. KAPTUR , and Ms. LEE): H.R. 6284. A bill to direct the Secretary of Labor to report to Congress on the gender pay gap in the teenage labor force; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LAWSON of Florida: H.R. 6285. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a major medical facility project in Jacksonville, Florida; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico (for himself and Mr. WELCH ): H.R. 6286. A bill to require the Federal Communications Commission to make the provision of WiFi access on school buses eligible for Erate support; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MACARTHUR (for himself, Mr. NADLER , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York, Mr. CALVERT , Mr. MCCAUL, and Mr. K INGof New York): H.R. 6287. A bill to provide competitive grants for the operation, security, and maintenance of certain memorials to victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MOULTON (for himself and Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana): H.R. 6288. A bill to require research in coastal sustainability and resilience, to ensure that the Federal Government continues to implement and advance coastal resiliency efforts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6289. A bill to revise the composition of the Board of Zoning Adjustment for the District of Columbia so that the Board will consist solely of members appointed by the government of the District of Columbia, except when the Board is performing functions regarding an application by a foreign mission with respect to a chancery; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. NUNES (for himself, Mr. CALVERT , Mr. S TEWART , and Mr. M CCLINTOCK ): H.R. 6290. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for reporting and disclosure by State and local public employee retirement pension plans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RICE of South Carolina (for himself and Mr. NORMAN ): 
H.R. 6291. A bill to exempt from certain requirements of the Clean Air Act incinerator units owned and operated by a Federal, State, or local law enforcement agency when used for the sole purpose of destroying contraband or household pharmaceuticals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ROSS (for himself, Mr. POSEY , Mr. MACARTHUR , and Mrs. L OVE): H.R. 6292. A bill to amend the Liability Risk Retention Act of 1986 to expand the types of commercial insurance authorized for risk retention groups serving nonprofit organizations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 6293. A bill to require the Clerk of the House of Representatives and the Secretary of the Senate to establish a process by which registered voters may sign national discharge petitions with respect to bills and joint resolutions introduced in or referred to the House and Senate, to require the House or Senate to hold a vote on the passage of any bill or joint resolution if a certain number of registered voters sign the national discharge petition for the bill or joint resolution, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SHIMKUS (for himself and Mr. CA´RDENAS ): H.R. 6294. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to encourage the development of priority antimicrobial products through the award of a transferable exclusivity extension period, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. SINEMA (for herself, Mr. STIVERS, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, and Mr. YOUNG of Iowa): H.R. 6295. A bill to require a Government political appointee to reimburse the Government for the unlawful use of Federal funds, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. DUNCANof Tennessee, Mr. L EWIS of Minnesota, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. MEADOWS , and Mr. R ASKIN ): H.R. 6296. A bill to amend the Arms Export Control Act to modify certification and report requirements relating to sales of major defense equipment with respect to which nonrecurring costs of research, development, and production are waived or reduced under the Arms Export Control Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 6297. A bill to regulate the importation, manufacture, possession, sale or transfer of assault weapons, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 6298. A bill to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to require States to designate public high schools as voter registration agencies, to direct such schools to conduct voter registration drives for students attending such schools, to direct the Secretary of Education to make grants to reimburse such schools for the costs of conducting such voter registration drives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LOUDERMILK (for himself, Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. FERGUSON , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. LATTA , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. NORMAN , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. OLSON , Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. ROKITA , Mr. T AYLOR , and Mr. G ARRETT ): H. Con. Res. 126. Concurrent resolution affirming the importance of religious freedom as a fundamental human right that is essential to a free society and protected for all people of the United States under the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. WILSON of Florida (for herself, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia): H. Con. Res. 127. Concurrent resolution condemning gun violence and its impact on youth by supporting the enactment of legislation to prevent future school and neighborhood shootings; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself, Ms. NORTON , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. PALLONE , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. NORCROSS , Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. K IHUEN , Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. MATSUI , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. RASKIN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. C APUANO, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. CRIST, Mrs. D INGELL , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. B LUNT  ROCHESTER , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. MOULTON , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. HECK, Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. L EE, Mr. S OTO, Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. S HEAPORTER , Mr. HIMES, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. CORREA , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. SIRES, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. BASS, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Ms. JAYAPAL , Ms. PINGREE , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. KEATING , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. S PEIER , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. O’ROURKE , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. TONKO , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. EVANS , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Ms. M OORE , Mr. PETERS , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. M CEACHIN ): H. Res. 972. A resolution encouraging the celebration of the month of June as LGBTQ Pride Month; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LEVIN: H. Res. 973. A resolution expressing support for the designation of July 15, 2018, as ‘‘National Leiomyosarcoma Awareness Day’’ and the designation of July 2018, as ‘‘National Sarcoma Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MEEKS (for himself, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. T HOMPSON  of Mississippi, Ms. NORTON , Ms. JAYAPAL , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mrs. LOVE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. RUSH, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. SCHIFF , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. MOORE , Mr. C LAY, Ms. L EE, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. S OTO, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. ESTY of Connecticut, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. SHEAPORTER , and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas): H. Res. 974. A resolution supporting African American’s Music Education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SARBANES (for himself, Ms. PELOSI , Mr. H OYER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. AGUILAR , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. B ERA, Mr. BEYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Ms. J UDY CHU of California, Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. COHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. CRIST, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. DEGETTE , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. DELAURO , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. E STY of Connecticut, Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H ECK, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Ms. NORTON , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. K APTUR, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. KILMER , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. CLAY, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Ms. LEE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. LOEBSACK , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. MATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM, Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. MOULTON , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. POLIS, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Miss R ICE of New York, Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. SCHNEIDER , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. SERRANO , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. S HERMAN, Mr. S IRES, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. SOTO, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. TITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. VARGAS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. WALZ, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. YARMUTH , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. BONAMICI , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. VEASEY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. P AYNE , Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. VELA, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. T HOMP SON of California, Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. E NGEL , Ms. BASS, Ms. R OSEN , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. PETERS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. RUSH, Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. RUIZ, Ms. M OORE , Mr. CARBAJAL , and Mr. F OSTER ): H. Res. 975. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that Americans have a right to fair representation and that America’s democratic institutions are in urgent need of repair to provide greater responsiveness and accountability to the people through critical reforms that empower the American voter, strengthen our Nation’s ethics laws, and fix our broken campaign finance system; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself, Mrs. HARTZLER , and Mr. PITTENGER ): H. Res. 976. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that complete, verifiable, and irreversible human rights improvements in the Democratic People’s Republic of North Korea should be part of a United States strategy for a nuclear free Korean peninsula and a free and open Indo Pacific region; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. BLUM, Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. C UMMINGS , Miss RICEof New York, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. RASKIN ): H. Res. 977. A resolution expressing support for the designation of July 30, 2018, as ‘‘National Whistleblower Appreciation Day’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H. Res. 978. A resolution honoring the life of Trayvon Martin, urging the repeal of Stand Your Ground laws, and calling on the United States Government to address the crisis of racial profiling; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 provides Congress with the power to ‘‘regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas: H.R. 6281. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: The Congress shall have the power to provide for the common defense By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6282. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 7, of Section 8, Article I of the U.S. Constitution: ‘‘To establish Post Offices and post Roads;’’ By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 6283. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Congress shall have the Power . . .’’ to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 6284. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution theforegoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of hte United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. LAWSON of Florida: H.R. 6285. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico: H.R. 6286. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. MACARTHUR: H.R. 6287. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 By Mr. MOULTON: H.R. 6288. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6289. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. NUNES: H.R. 6290. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: H.R. 6291. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—The Congress shall have power to . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 6292. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 3 By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 6293. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution By Mr. SHIMKUS: H.R. 6294. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Ms. SINEMA: H.R. 6295. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Sec 8 By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 6296. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 6297. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 6298. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 50: Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 105: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 852: Ms. MOORE , Ms. W ILSON of Flor ida, and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 858: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 936: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 1022: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 1048: Mr. BABIN and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 1270: Mr. CULBERSON . H.R. 1300: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 1318: Mr. UPTON . H.R. 1377: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 1380: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1409: Mr. GIANFORTE and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 1439: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 1552: Mr. COLLINS of New York and Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 1563: Mrs. NOEM. H.R. 1602: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 1651: Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. S MITH of Wash ington, and Mr. KINZINGER . H.R. 1676: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. H.R. 1683: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1810: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 1818: Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 1881: Mr. PETERSON and Mr. FLEISCHMANN . H.R. 2008: Mr. UPTON . H.R. 2267: Mr. NADLER and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 2435: Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 2472: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Mrs. BUSTOS , and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 2858: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 2946: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 2976: Mr. UPTON . H.R. 3026: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 3034: Mr. BARRand Mr. S EANPATRICK  MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3138: Mr. CORREA . H.R. 3224: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 3400: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 3671: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 3857: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 3931: Mr. UPTON . H.R. 3984: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 4006: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 4022: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Mrs. LAWRENCE , and Mr. M ARSHALL . H.R. 4044: Mr. CORREA . H.R. 4186: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 4271: Mr. SARBANES . H.R. 4391: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 4557: Mr. ROSS, Ms. T ENNEY , and Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4732: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mrs. BUSTOS , and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 4878: Mr. WELCH and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4886: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 4898: Mr. KIND, Mr. A GUILAR , and Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 4915: Mr. BANKS of Indiana and Mrs. LESKO . H.R. 4957: Mr. FITZPATRICK , Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 5060: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 5105: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 5107: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 5129: Mr. COHEN , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. C OOPER , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. LAHOOD, Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 5155: Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 5358: Mr. DENHAM , Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 5373: Mr. HURD. H.R. 5385: Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn sylvania, and Mr. LONG. H.R. 5417: Mr. POSEY . H.R. 5499: Mr. KING of New York, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. REICHERT , and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 5576: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 5595: Mr. MARSHALL and Ms. J ENKINS  of Kansas. H.R. 5658: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 5711: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5732: Mr. SHIMKUS and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 5814: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 5948: Mr. MULLIN and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 5949: Mr. MULLIN and Mr. M ARSHALL . H.R. 5955: Mr. HARRIS and Mr. G IANFORTE . H.R. 5963: Mr. O’HALLERAN , Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California, Mr. EMMER , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. B ARR, Mr. ESTES of Kansas, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. P EARCE , and Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 5986: Mr. PANETTA , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. ROSS, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. T IPTON. H.R. 5996: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 6014: Mr. WALBERG , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. COLE, Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , and Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 6018: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 6081: Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 6087: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 6089: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 6112: Mr. BUTTERFIELD . H.R. 6172: Ms. MENG. H.R. 6174: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 6183: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Mr. W ALBERG , and Mr. REICHERT . H.R. 6195: Mr. POEof Texas. 
H.R. 6204: Mr. H UDSON . H.R. 6207: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 6225: Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 6232: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 6236: Ms. PLASKETT and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 6238: Mr. LAMB, Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. HANABUSA , and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 6251: Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.J. Res. 33: Mr. SABLAN , Mr. G ENEGREEN  of Texas, and Mr. O’HALLERAN . H. Con. Res. 119: Mr. BARR, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. GOSAR , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mrs. BLACK , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. LONG, Mr. R ENACCI , and Mr. G RIFFITH . H. Res. 188: Mr. WENSTRUP . H. Res. 593: Mr. ENGEL . H. Res. 864: Mr. HECK, Ms. W ILSON of Flor ida, Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. M EEKS , and Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H. Res. 894: Mr. LAMBORN and Mr. B UCK. H. Res. 927: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H. Res. 944: Mr. CICILLINE . H. Res. 970: Mr. ARRINGTON and Mr. G ARRETT . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4689 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 28, 2018 No. 109 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable DEAN HELLER , a Senator from the State of Nevada. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Sovereign God, thank You that Your mercies endure forever. Show us Your ways and teach us Your paths as You lead us with Your truth. Today, set the hearts of our lawmakers on Heaven’s way. In all of their actions, may they seek Your celestial approval. Remind them that You are the only constituent they absolutely must please. May our Senators stand on Your promises and lean on Your grace. Lord, thank You for Your mercy. You lift the lowly, satisfy the thirsty, and fill the hungry with good things. And, Lord, thank You for the faithfulness of our summer pages. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 