Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember Michael Blakely of Little Rock, who passed away at the age of 67 just before the new year. Mike served as the director of the Little Rock Zoo for 17 years prior to his death. Next to his family, Mike’s greatest love was for animals, from the smallest of snakes to the largest of elephants. As a teenager, Mike began working as a zoologist in Portland, Oregon, and Oklahoma City before finally joining our community in Little Rock. In Little Rock, he became the director of the Little Rock Zoo and held that position from 1999 until 2016. His work at our zoo enriched the lives of the thousands who visited each year, as well as the staff that he mentored so well. He was dearly loved by his wife, Nancy, with whom he shared 34 years of marriage, and his two kids, Thomas and Elizabeth. Martha and I thank him and his family for their dedication to animals and to the natural state of Arkansas. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of a man who had an indelible impact on central Arkansas, Mr. Jerry Henson, who passed away last month after a long battle with health issues that culminated in a sudden diagnosis of stage 4 liver cancer. Jerry Henson dedicated his life to answering the call to serve others. From serving as an alderman for the city of Bryant, to volunteering his time at the Boys & Girls Club, Jerry lived his life to serve others. In 2016, Jerry was honored with the Boys & Girls Club Hometown Hero Award and, in December, he received the Charles Broadway Community Excellence Award. Jerry’s example is one all Americans and Arkansans can admire. I extend my deepest condolences to Jerry’s wife, Star; his children, Stephanie and Gerald; and I pray for the wellbeing of his family and loved ones during this very difficult time. f 
RECOGNIZING LIEUTENANT JAMES A. MAZZUCHELLI The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO) for 5 minutes. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Lieutenant James A. Mazzuchelli of Orange Park, Florida, a naval flight surgeon who passed away on February 24 as the result of a tragic accident that occurred while he was on duty. Lieutenant Mazzuchelli graduated from Clay High School in 2003, where he served in the Naval JROTC program. Upon graduation, he received a full scholarship to Drexel University in Pennsylvania, where he studied commerce and engineering. After graduation from Drexel, he decided to follow in his parents’ footsteps and join the Navy. He did so while attending medical school at Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine, and received his naval officer’s commission while finishing his studies. Lieutenant Mazzuchelli served as a flight surgeon with the Marine Light Attack Helicopter Squadron 267 stationed out of Camp Pendleton, California, and was deployed to Japan as part of the Marines’ Unit Deployment Program in 2016. Over his 7 years of service, Lieutenant Mazzuchelli provided exemplary medical care to the brave men and women who protect America. In fact, 2 weeks before his death, he completed his aircrew syllabus and received his aerial observer/aircrew wings, making him one of the very few naval doctors to have them. He is survived by his parents and stepparents, as well as two sisters. I know his family, his community, and his squadron will miss him dearly. Hailed by his fellow soldiers for his enthusiasm and dedication, Lieutenant Mazzuchelli’s example of leadership through service will continue to inspire others. We as a nation thank James and his family for his dedication and service to our great Nation. He will be missed, but not forgotten. 
LET’S NOT INCREASE TAXES AS A WAY OF PROTECTING JOBS AND CAPITAL IN THIS COUNTRY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to encourage folks at home, folks in this body, folks wherever they may be scattered across this country to speak out against what the administration has proposed with regard to raising tariffs on steel and aluminum. At the end of the day, I believe it would be disastrous not just for the economy at large, but, frankly, for every one of us in the way that it would impact our pocketbook or our wallet. In short, what I guess I am saying is that you don’t have to do stupid to find that stupid is indeed stupid. What I am getting at here is that we have had realworld experiments about once every 100 years in this country on these kinds of policies. It was in 1828 that you had the so called tariffs of abomination, and it was designed to supposedly protect jobs and protect industry. It proved to do neither. It actually proved to be disastrous for the South and, in particular, South Carolina, where I am from. About 100 years later, you had the SmootHawley tariffs that were equally disastrous in not producing what they were supposedly designed to do. They didn’t protect jobs, didn’t protect industry, and, in fact, world trade declined by about twothirds during that time period. So as a country, what I am suggesting is that we need to take a breath, we need to look before we leap. In life, I would say there is a value to listening to the advice and counsel of others. In this case, Gary Cohn, the President’s chief economic person, who is actually leaving based on this dispute, has said this is not a good idea. Steelworkers unions have said this is not a good idea for the way it will impact Canadian steel and, by virtue, American steel. The markets, which are sort of the collective opinion of what we all think is going to come next economically, dropped 600 points on Thursday and Friday, saying this is not a good idea. In fact, the Prime Minister of Sweden was here yesterday, and he was saying it was not a good idea. A lot of folks have spoken out and said: This is a genuinely bad idea. Let’s not move forward. I would say further that, in negotiations, rescue teams shouldn’t be the ones shooting the hostage. In this case, we have our Cs mixed up. The administration talks about doing something about China, but, in fact, the group—the country—most impacted would be the Canadians. The Canadians have to be some of our staunchest allies over a long period of time, with us in war, with us in trade, with us culturally; yet the bulk of all steel that is imported to the United States comes from Canada and 50 percent of what we export in steel goes to Canada. Let me put it this way: what I am saying is that what we need to do here is to trust our allies. If you walk into a bar and somebody says, ‘‘If you take one step closer, I am going to hit you in the face,’’ we need to trust them that they are telling the truth. And 
what they said is: If you do this to us, we are going to do it to you. In short, a trade war will ensue. I remember watching a movie back when I was in high school or college, somewhere along there, called ‘‘War Games,’’ and basically what it said was: the only way to win was not to play. If we move forward, we are going to get hurt. Nobody wins in a trade war. Finally, I would say this: in life, it is easier to burn down than to build up. You can take years constructing something and have it gone as a consequence of a match in a matter of moments or hours. As we look at this, this administration, in conjunction with the Congress, has worked hard to construct a better environment for jobs, capital, and way of life with the tax cuts, with regulatory reform; but all that could be erased if we move forward with these tariffs. More telling is the 70year apparatus that has been created—over 70 years, since the time of World War II—that had us engage with the rest of the world, and we see movement in the wrong direction. Do we want better trade? Yes. Can there be changes that are made? Yes. But this is not the answer. A tariff, at the end of the day, is a tax. My simple presumption and my simple ask of this administration, the ask of everybody in talking about what is occurring here, is to say: Let’s not increase taxes as a way of ‘‘protecting jobs and capital in this country.’’ 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF MARVIN R. EDWARDS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. RUTHERFORD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of Mr. Marvin R. Edwards, who was a veteran, a hero, and a predominant member of the Jacksonville community. Mr. Edwards served his country during World War II flying missions with the Office of Strategic Services, which was the precursor of the CIA. He often flew into enemy territory, collecting information that changed the course of the war. For his bravery with the OSS, Mr. Edwards was awarded the Congressional Gold Medal in 2016. Following the war, he returned to Jacksonville, where he became an economist and a fixture in our community, starting organizations such as the Economic Roundtable of Jacksonville, which brings together businesses and community leaders to discuss economic trends. In addition to his passion for business and economics, Mr. Edwards was a champion of public schools and fought for accountability in local and State governments. He was active in the community and never shy about sharing his opinion on major projects in Jacksonville. Mr. Edwards passed away at 96 years of age. He is survived by his wife, Helene Edwards; and his children, Jeffrey, Douglas, and Carolyn. On behalf of a thankful city and country, I stand today to thank Mr. Edwards for his years of dedication to his community and public service. CONGRATULATING PETTY OFFICER 1ST CLASS  
Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate Petty Officer 1st Class Genesis Mariano for being named the 2017 Sea and Shore Sailor of the Year. Growing up, Petty Officer Mariano’s father served in the Navy until 1994, when he retired as a chief petty officer. Genesis credits his father’s service as the source of his inspiration for joining the Navy. After his father’s retirement, Mariano’s family continued to reside in Jacksonville, where he attended school at Florida State College, pursuing his associate’s degree until he joined the Navy in 2004, following in his father’s footsteps. He went to boot camp in April of 2004, and upon completion, went to Field Medical Service School in Camp Lejeune, North Carolina. He worked at duty stations all over the world and is now the medical leading petty officer for Expeditionary Warfare Training Group Pacific. He aspires to make chief petty officer and to eventually become a master chief. When asked about him, Mariano’s commanding officers have only the highest regard for him. They speak of his integrity and his loyalty to his fellow soldiers and sailors, as well as his exceptional medical program expertise. One of Mariano’s primary goals is to have an impact on all the sailors and marines he encounters. He wants to provide them with the same mentorship and leadership that he was shown during his early years in the Navy. Outside of his service, Mariano is actively pursuing his bachelor’s of science in healthcare administration from Kaplan University. He currently maintains a 4.0 GPA and plans to receive his master’s degree. So today, Mr. Speaker, I salute Petty Officer 1st Class Genesis Mariano for being named Sea and Shore Sailor of the Year. He exemplifies the Navy’s core values in every aspect of his life, and I admire Petty Officer Mariano’s commitment to the military and our Nation. I congratulate him on receiving this honor and I thank him for his service. 
b1030 RECOGNIZING THE GENEROSITY AND COMMITMENT OF PENN COMMUNITY BANK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the generosity and commitment to community service of Penn Community Bank in my district in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. Over the course of the last year, 325 bank employees, executives, and directors raised nearly $78,000 for a variety of programs and activities in our community, which they generously donated to the United Way of Bucks County. Todd Hurley, Penn Community Bank’s executive vice president and chief relationship officer, explained it best. He said: ‘‘Each of our team members is proud of Penn Community Bank’s continued support of United Way of Bucks County. We’re dedicated to improving our local communities and helping United Way alleviate poverty, support education, and increase selfsufficiency across Bucks County.’’ Mr. Speaker, this gift will ensure that the United Way of Bucks County can continue their important mission, better serve the needs of the community, and reach even more of our neighbors in need. I applaud Penn Community Bank and encourage everyone throughout our community to follow their lead in helping those in need. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Pennsbury High School students on raising more than $50,000 to fight childhood cancer during their fourth annual MiniTHON. Students raised the $50,000, which benefits the Four Diamonds fund at the Penn State Health Milton S. Hershey Medical Center by hosting a football game fundraiser, through smoothie sales, and MiniTHON Thursdays. These efforts culminated in an 8hour dance marathon on a Saturday. Mini THON, which raised $18,000 in its inaugural year, has grown, according to the students involved, because of the group’s ability to try different ideas each year. This keeps students engaged in fundraising and allows them to figure out ways and different methods that work best. The program is run by students, with the help of two faculty advisers. This year’s student cochairs who helped make MiniTHON a success were Charlie Bluestein and Kate Goldinger. As a Penn Stater myself and a member of our community, I could not be more proud of what these students have done, and I encourage everyone in our community to follow their lead to serve others in need. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 31 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH ) at noon. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Lord our God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. The prophet Isaiah warns us: O Lord, unless we acknowledge You as Lord with living faith and lasting reverence, we go adrift. You have raised us and reared us. Our pets know their owners, our appetites know where to be fed, yet there are times when we do not know where to turn unless we truly belong to You. As Your people, should we hear You call us: ‘‘ . . . a sinful nation, a people laden with wickedness, an evil race, corrupt children,’’ should we run away from You? Or toward You? In those times, is it You we fear and cannot face? Or is it the truth about ourselves? Strengthen us that we may be drawn into the truth by You, now and always. May all we do in the people’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the students, faculty, staff, families, and community around Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School who lost 17 of their own 3 weeks ago today. I rise to join the entire community of Parkland and millions of Americans all across the country, Democrats and Republicans, who are saying enough is enough. The time for action is now. We cannot allow partisan politics to get in the way of taking meaningful action in areas where both parties agree and that have the support of most Americans across this country. Here are a few examples: Both Democrats and Republicans support legislation I have cosponsored to ban bump stocks. Both Democrats and Republicans support legislation to close the loophole exploited by the Sutherland Springs, Texas, shooter last year. Both Democrats and Republicans support legislation to uphold Second Amendment rights and strengthen the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. Now is the time for us to come together and to take meaningful action towards responsible, commonsense gun safety reform. FEARS OF A TRADE WAR ARE BEING GREATLY EXAGGERATED (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, in his column yesterday, Pat Buchanan wrote that, through most of its history, the Republican Party was the high tariff party, favoring tariffs rather than income taxes. He wrote that those tariffs helped the U.S. to become the strongest industrial power in the world. In the 1950s and 1960s, 53 percent of American jobs were industrial based, many of them white collar. Now only around 10 percent are in manufacturing, and many thousands of college graduates are working as waiters and waitresses or in other lowpaying jobs and living with their parents. Fears of a trade war are being greatly exaggerated. We have been in a trade war for many years, and we have been losing. With only 4 percent of the world’s population, we buy almost 23 percent of the world’s goods. Every country wants into our markets, and we have tremendous leverage on trade that we haven’t been using. President Trump’s proposed tariffs apply only to two products. I commend him for his effort to try to protect American jobs. f 
GOP TAX BREAK FOR BILLIONAIRES (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, despite their best efforts, my Republican friends have not fooled the American people. They provided a modest, temporary tax cut for some Americans, but their tax bill raised taxes on 86 million middle class families. Eightythree percent of the tax cuts go to the top 1 percent. It creates $2.3 trillion in debt and pays for it with deep cuts to Medicare and Medicaid. It also provides a huge tax break, $1.3 trillion, for the biggest corporations in this country and further incentivizes shipping American jobs overseas. Corporations have announced more than $200 billion in stock buybacks in just 3 months, more than 30 times what workers received. Corporations like Walmart and Pfizer, at the same time, are laying off thousands of workers as they pocket massive tax breaks for themselves, and we gave them incentives to ship more jobs overseas. Democrats want real bipartisan tax reform that starts with a real permanent tax break for the middle class that will produce better jobs and better wages for a better future. The American people deserve A Better Deal than this raw deal that they got from the Republicans in this tax bill. 
IN MEMORY OF DEPUTY LOCKLEAR (Mr. PITTENGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Scotland County, North Carolina, Deputy Alexis ‘‘Thunder Eagle’’ Locklear, who was killed in the line of duty last Thursday while rushing to the aid of a fellow officer. Deputy Locklear was just 23 years old and had only been on the force for 10 months, yet those who knew him best said he died doing what he loved. My friend, Scotland County Sheriff Ralph Kersey, said that Deputy Locklear made friends everywhere he went. Sheriff Kersey said: ‘‘He wanted to be a law enforcement officer, and he chose the Scotland County Sheriff’s Office. It did not take a long time spending with Thunder to know that he would fit right in with this family.’’ Deputy Locklear leaves behind a 4 yearold daughter as well as his parents, grandparents, and six sisters. Last week, Scotland County lost a hero, but a hero remembered never dies in our hearts. Please join me in offering condolences to the Locklear family, Sheriff Kersey, and the Scotland County Sheriff’s Office. 
ELECTION SECURITY (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, the threat of foreign interference in our elections is real. Our intelligence chiefs are sounding the alarm that Russia views the 2018 election as a target for additional interference. And finally, yesterday, President Trump at last acknowledged Russian meddling and vowed to guard against it, saying: ‘‘We won’t allow that to happen.’’ But, Mr. Speaker, actions speak louder than words, and time and time again, this administration has proven unwilling to confront this threat. We learned this week that the State Department is not using any of the resources they have been given to counter election interference. U.S. Cyber Command Chief Admiral Mike Rogers said the President has not granted him authority to disrupt Russian hacking operations. And we are still waiting on the administration to impose sanctions on Russia passed by an overwhelming bipartisan majority in this Congress. This isn’t a future concern. Americans voted in Texas primaries yesterday, and they are already heading to the polls in my State, Illinois, where early voting began on Monday. I urge the administration to get serious about this threat and support funding for the Election Assistance Commission and resources for State election officials on the front lines of this battle. This is not a partisan issue. It is about protecting our democracy and ensuring the integrity of every American’s vote. f 
VETERANS AFFAIRS EMPLOYEES SPENDING 100 PERCENT OF THEIR TIME ON UNION ACTIVITIES (Mr. ARRINGTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I came to the floor today to speak about my cotton farmers, but my heart is heavy after a conversation with our veterans—our VFW, to be exact—about this issue of union time, union activities on the taxpayer dole. There was a GAO report a year ago that said there were hundreds of VA employees spending 100 percent of their time on union activity, not the job they were hired to do, not in service to our veterans who wait in line to get healthcare, who sometimes get sicker and sometimes even die. The law says that the only way to do official time is it must be administered in a way that is reasonable, necessary, and in the public’s best interests. Somebody spending 100 percent of their time on anything other than what they were hired to do, and especially in service to our veterans, is not reasonable; it is not necessary, and it certainly isn’t in the best interests of the American people. It is outrageous. 
SUPPORTING HMONG VETERANS WHO FOUGHT DURING THE VIETNAM WAR (Mr. COSTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call for the support of the Hmong Veterans’ Service Recognition Act. This bipartisan legislation extends veterans’ burial benefits to Hmong and LaotianAmerican veterans who fought in the United States Armed Forces during the Vietnam war. These brave men and women risked their lives fighting alongside American servicemen and women as soldiers in the Special Guerilla Units, otherwise known as SGUs. The SGUs were covertly trained by the CIA during the Vietnam war and then led into direct combat support for American forces, yet they have never been recognized for their service, which is why I introduced the legislation with Congressman PAUL COOK, himself a decorated Vietnam veteran, who was a colonel in the United States Army and knows their story well. There are only an estimated 5,000 Hmong veterans still alive today, with thousands of them in the San Joaquin Valley that I represent. We extended this honor to Filipino soldiers years ago. I ask that we honor these courageous individuals with their choice of being laid to rest next to their brothers in arms. It is the right thing to do. f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, as Congress fails to advance commonsense gun safety legislation, I would like to share a letter from a young constituent of mine, Bella, from Skokie, Illinois. Bella recently had a lockdown at her school. She writes: ‘‘While my peers and I crowded in the corner of my classroom, my mind instantly thought about the rise in school shootings in 2018. I thought, ‘Am I going to be part of that statistic?’. . . . This lockdown made me realize that something like that could happen to anyone anywhere. Please do something.’’ Well, Bella, we have solutions that are supported by an overwhelming majority of Americans: banning assault weapons, passing comprehensive background checks. Students and parents around the country are telling us to do something. It is time, now, for Congress to listen. 
b1215 YOUNG VOICES ON GUN VIOLENCE (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, I would like to share excerpts from a letter I received from a 15yearold in my district of San Diego. It shows the impact the Parkland, Florida, school shooting is having on our young people. This young person writes: ‘‘I have never been in a school shooting nor do I know anyone who has, yet I feel every time I think about it or have a dream about it, I experience it. ‘‘I’m only 15 years old, why am I terrified to go to places I used to love because someone could shoot me? ‘‘Why is it so easy to buy and make guns in this country? ‘‘Why can nobody seem to do the right thing and put a stop to this? ‘‘Why does nobody pay attention to the kids in this country who have never been in a shooting but live in constant fear and do not feel safe? ‘‘I am asking you to do something about the gun policies in this country so people stop dying and younger generations of people can feel safe. ‘‘Put us first, not guns.’’ Mr. Speaker, what is the Chair’s answer to this young voice? 
MEDICARE FOR ALL (Mr. ELLISON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I come before the House today and the people 
of the United States because America needs universal, singlepayer healthcare. We spend more—over $9,000 per person—on healthcare than any other nation in the world. But for all that money, Mr. Speaker, we still have tens of millions of uninsured. We have the highest infant mortality rate of any wealthy nation on Earth, and we are last, last, in life expectancy among wealthy countries. Mr. Speaker, in a few moments I expect to ask for unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered the first sponsor of H.R. 676, the Expanded & Improved Medicare For All Act. The bill was originally introduced by my friend, John Conyers. I have his support in picking up the mantle where he left it and for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings. I will do that in a moment. But, Mr. Speaker, the money that we are spending on healthcare isn’t going to the patients; it isn’t going to the surgeons. It is going to the pharmaceutical industry and the insurance industry, who are raking in record profits every day and are the major beneficiaries of our policy. 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 676 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the first sponsor of H.R. 676, the Expanded & Improved Medicare For All Act, a bill originally introduced by Representative John Conyers from Michigan, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Minnesota? There was no objection. 
TAKE ACTION TO ABATE THE GUN EPIDEMIC (Mr. HASTINGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, in a few moments I will manage today’s rules; but right now, I would like to thank the staff of the Rules Committee on both sides for the hard work that they do, especially the staff director for the Democrats, Don Sisson. I would like to also take a moment to recognize Ms. Kira Sisson, a senior from Albion High School in western New York. Kira is here with us today, along with classmates from her school. Don is her uncle. Today we will not address Dreamers. Today we will not address the gun epidemic. I encourage all adult Americans to work with the students on March 24 that are coming here to Washington in a march for what they describe as our future. I hope adult Americans will encourage massive attendance at this march, and that this Congress will take action to abate the gun epidemic. ENOUGH IS ENOUGH (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, in my district, over the past couple of days, a baby, 8 years old, has been shot. A baby, 5 years old, has been shot. Other individuals have been shot and killed. And, of course, the death and the pillage of mass murders continue, and those in Florida are still suffering, and no gun action at all, no debate. Additionally, young people are in the streets, their families are fearful because the DACA fix promised by this President has not been done. We need to do our work, if we are Americans; we need to do it for good for all of those who live within the confines of this Nation. Then, finally, we had an election yesterday in Texas full of mistakes and closed polls and nonworking machines. Yet, the President of the United States has $120 million to safeguard our elections in 2018 and he has done absolutely nothing. It is a demand that we begin to look at the Russian intrusion, faulty voting polls and machines, and begin to address the American people’s right and civil liberty of voting—one vote, one person—without the fear and the apprehension of Russians intruding into an election in 2018 in order to skew the Federal elections. Enough is enough. It is time for us to act. f 
RECOGNIZING REPRESENTATIVE MARCY KAPTUR FOR WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as we celebrate Women’s History Month and the resilient women who have challenged the status quo, I am honored to recognize my congressional colleague and dear friend, Representative MARCY  KAPTUR . In 1981, MARCY defeated the incumbent in an upset that gained national attention, leading her to become the longestserving woman in the U.S. House of Representatives and a senior member of the powerful and highly coveted Appropriations Committee. I met MARCY during my first tenure in the House back in 1989, and at that time there were only 31 women serving in all of Congress. MARCY welcomed me with open arms, and I quickly realized that MARCY embodies what any legislator should be: principled, truthful, and a fierce fighter for her constituents. It was because of MARCY ’s vision and tireless advocacy that Americans from all over the country are now able to visit the World War II Memorial here in D.C. and honor the dedication and sacrifice of the brave men and women who defended our country. MARCY , you are an inspiration to women everywhere, and I want to thank you for your commitment to advocate for so many important issues that matter to all Americans. Congratulations on this honor, the longest serving woman in U.S. history. 
DEMAND SERIOUS TREATMENT OF THE GUN VIOLENCE PROBLEM (Mr. RASKIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, one of the great things about our job is we have all these wonderful young people come to us from all over the world. And in school, they read about the social contract. They read John Locke. They read Thomas Hobbes. They read Rousseau. The whole premise of the social contract is that we will be safer in civil society together than we would be if we stay in the state of nature, which Hobbes described as solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short. But we are failing the elemental test and obligation of civil government because we are not keeping our people safe when a teenager can access an AR– 15, go into a school, and assassinate at pointblank range 17 teachers and students. And what are we doing here in Congress? Nothing. Here in the House of Representatives, we have not had a single hearing on gun violence. We have not had a single hearing on a universal criminal and mental background check, which is supported by 97 percent of the American people. It is almost unanimous, and we can’t even have a hearing about it. We are demanding a hearing, and we are demanding, with the young people who are coming to Washington on Saturday, March 24, serious treatment of the gun violence problem which does not belong in a civil society. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1119, SATISFYING ENERGY NEEDS AND SAVING THE ENVIRONMENT ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1917, BLOCKING REGULATORY INTERFERENCE FROM CLOSING KILNS ACT OF 2017 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 762 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 762 Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 1119) to establish the bases by which the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall issue, implement, and enforce certain emission limitations and allocations for existing electric utility steam generating units that convert coal refuse into energy. All points of 
order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. SEC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 1917) to allow for judicial review of any final rule addressing national emission standards for hazardous air pollutants for brick and structural clay products or for clay ceramics manufacturing before requiring compliance with such rule. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 11562 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Wyoming is recognized for 1 hour. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of House Resolution 762, which provides for the consideration of H.R. 1119, the Satisfying Energy Needs and Saving the Environment—or SENSE—Act, and provides for consideration of H.R. 1917, the Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns—or BRICK—Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, for many years our domestic energy industry has suffered under unnecessary and politically motivated regulations and burdensome, bureaucratic red tape, prohibiting growth and innovation. President Trump and his administration have been working hard, along with this Congress, to undo the policies which have so harmed our domestic energy industry. Today’s rule allows for the consideration of two bills, which will further those efforts and reform our regulatory framework so our energy producers can do their jobs more efficiently and economically, along with safeguards that will still be in place to protect health and safety. These bills provide a commonsense solution to tailor EPA emission standards, and they provide reasonable compliance timelines for the specific regulated industries. The first bill, H.R. 1119, the SENSE Act, is sponsored by my colleague, Mr. ROTHFUS from Pennsylvania. This bill would provide for targeted modifications to the EPA’s Mercury and Air Toxics Standards, MATS, as it applies to coal refusetoenergy facilities. The EPA has included certain emissions limits in the new standards that are just simply not achievable for these refuse plants. These specialized power plants have been developed to recycle coal refuse by using it as an energy source to generate affordable, reliable electricity. These facilities have thus far removed 214 million tons of coal refuse from the environment, at no expense to taxpayers. In addition to helping address coal refuse, these facilities have created an estimated 1,200 direct jobs and 4,000 indirect jobs in areas that have been economically distressed for many years. b1230 There are 19 of these coal refuseto energy facilities, many of which are at direct risk of being shut down absent passage of the SENSE Act. The SENSE Act would create a way for coal refusetoenergy facilities to continue their muchneeded work by allowing these plants to demonstrate compliance with EPA’s hydrochloric acid standard by using sulfur dioxide as a proxy and assuming that a 93 percent reduction in sulfur dioxide demonstrates compliance with the hydrochloric acid emissions reduction standard. The bill would still require these coal refusetoenergy facilities to be subject to emissions limitations and to achieve substantial declines in emissions; but it would do so in a way that these facilities can achieve while also remaining operational, recognizing the crucial role they play in providing energy, and helping to clean up coal refuse sites. Mr. Speaker, our rule also provides for consideration of H.R. 1917, the Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns, or BRICK, Act of 2017 sponsored by my colleague from Ohio (Mr. JOHNSON ). This bill will help preserve America’s brickmaking industry and its 7,000 jobs and protects them from an EPA rule that created a far too rushed compliance timetable for businesses across the Nation. The emissions standards in this rule apply to kilns at brick and structural clay products manufacturing facilities and at clay ceramic manufacturing facilities. Industry has estimated the cost of this rule, if allowed to go into effect, would potentially exceed $100 million annually, which is four times higher than what the EPA initially estimated. This is yet one more example of how poorly thoughtout and misguided regulations are harming industries and have been a severe hindrance to the kind of job creation we know we can now see unleashed across our Nation. We have got to ensure businesses have time to comply and that regulations make sense. We should not force them into arbitrary time lines that will make them shut down. H.R. 1917 provides that needed time and makes compliance possible. The BRICK Act also includes the text of the Relief from New Source Performance Standards. This legislation was authored by my Democratic colleague from Minnesota (Mr. PETERS on). The provision in this bill will help both manufacturers and users of wood heaters by providing relief from overly burdensome and arbitrary time lines that have been imposed by the EPA’s New Source Performance Standards. Specifically, this bill provides an additional 3 years for businesses to comply with this rule. Wood heaters are an affordable source of home heating, especially in rural America, and it is critically important that we protect this lowcost source of heating. The New Source Performance Standards for wood heaters, which took effect in 2015, include a provision that is proving nearly impossible, once again, for manufacturers to comply with as they are struggling to design compliant models in the short timeframe allowed by the agency. As a result, we have seen workers laid off and other companies fearing that they will not be able to stay in business after 2020. Wood heater users in many lowincome households across the country face the likelihood of having to pay more and having a reduced product choice. This is one more example of Federal overreach in which the agency failed to take into account the real impact of these regulations on everyday Americans across our country. It is crucial that we pass the BRICK Act, which would extend the deadline for the second phase of the wood heater standards from 2020 to 2023, and provide time for meaningful judicial review of the Brick and Structural Clay Products: National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants before the owners and operations of these facilities are required to make significant and potentially irreversible decisions regarding capital investments, or driving them out of business altogether. Mr. Speaker, we must ensure emissions standards are reasonable and do not unnecessarily cripple small businesses, which we know are the drivers of our economy. Mr. Speaker, therefore, I encourage support for the rule for these important bills, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like first to thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHENEY ), my friend, for yielding me the customary 30 minutes for debate. Today’s bills would modify Clean Air Act regulations, or the act itself, to give a handout to specified industries to emit more pollution into the air. These bills, in my view, would result in more smog, more fine particle pollution, and more toxic air pollution. The effects would be worse, resulting in more asthma attacks, more kids in emergency rooms, more bronchitis, more cancer diagnoses, and more birth defects. Mr. Speaker, these bills represent a fundamentally unfair and deeply troubling approach to regulation. In bringing up these bills, the Republicancontrolled Congress is granting favors to special interests at the expense of public health. Shocking, but not surprising. By bringing up these bills, the majority intends to overturn evidence based, scientific decisions made by the Environmental Protection Agency, States, and courts after a transparent and extensive process. To date, the Trump administration, with the help of the Republicancontrolled Congress, has targeted 67 environmental rules. One of those rules was the requirement that mining companies prove they have the financial wherewithal to clean up their pollution. Another is the rule regulating airborne mercury emissions from fossil fuel power plants. And most recently, the administration announced it was targeting oil rig safety regulations, regulations that were implemented after the 2010 Deepwater Horizon explosion and oil spill, a spill that burned for 36 hours, released 4.9 billion barrels of crude oil into the Gulf of Mexico, spread 3,850 square miles, and resulted in billions of dollars of losses to the U.S. fishing industry and the Gulf Coast tourist industry. Mr. Speaker, since passage of the Clean Air Act in 1970, America has made substantial progress in cleaning up this Nation’s air. We have done this by following a fundamental principle: holding polluters accountable for their pollution. Instead of following this commonsense, bedrock principle, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle insist on creating loopholes for a few favored industries: waste coal plants, brick manufacturers, and those who manufacture residential wood heaters. Mr. Speaker, the first of these bills, the ironically titled SENSE Act, weakens the critical Mercury and Air Toxics Standards rule, which established the first national standards to address power plant emissions of toxic air pollutants. This Mercury and Air Toxics Standards rule requires coalfired power plants to meet emissions standards for mercury, other metals, and acid gases. Has the majority engaged in any in depth analysis of what will happen when this rule is weakened? Has the majority filled its ranks with experts, scientists, and doctors who will be able to put forth a case for why undermining this rule is good policy? Of course not. Mr. Speaker, here is what we know: The Environmental Protection Agency estimates that for every dollar spent to reduce pollution under this rule American families receive up to $9 in health benefits. In fact, the EPA estimated that, in 2016, the MATS rule would avoid up to 11,000 premature deaths, 2,800 cases of chronic bronchitis, 4,700 heart attacks, 130,000 cases of aggravated asthma, 5,700 hospital and emergency room visits, 6,300 cases of acute bronchitis, 140,000 cases of respiratory symptoms, and 540,000 days when people miss work. My Republican colleagues want to do away with those health benefits and, instead, permit favored industries to pollute more. Mr. Speaker, the second measure combines two bills: H.R. 1917, the BRICK Act; and H.R. 453, the Relief from New Source Performance Standards Act. The BRICK Act unjustifiably delays reductions in toxic air pollution from brick manufacturers by allowing them to continue to pollute until all their lawsuits are exhausted. The bill throws out existing judicial process by providing a blanket extension for any compliance deadline, regardless of the merits of the case. Under well established legal norms, the court of appeals for the district circuit may stay a rule during litigation if it finds that the party seeking the stay has demonstrated that there is a likelihood of success on the merits, the prospect of irreparable harm to the party requesting the stay, and, most importantly, whether granting the stay is in the public interest. To date, not one of the industry litigants have even asked the court to stay the Brick and Structural Clay Products rule. Not one. Presumably it is because they recognize that they cannot meet this legal standard. Mr. Speaker, the existing judicial process is the appropriate method to seek a stay of the rule and is the preferable method to unnecessary congressional intervention proposed by the BRICK Act. This brings me to H.R. 453, the Relief from New Source Performance Standards Act, which delays cleaner burning wood stoves until 2023, on top of the 5 years manufacturers already had to comply, exposing communities to additional years of unhealthy fine particle pollution, carbon monoxide, and volatile organic compounds. In 2015, the EPA strengthened the pollution control requirements for new residential wood heaters. The new standards would cut fine particle pollution and volatile organic compounds from new wood heaters by almost 70 percent and will cut carbon monoxide pollution by 62 percent. The EPA even included provisions in the rule to help manufacturers achieve the new standards, giving the manufacturers 5 years to comply. Mr. Speaker, these pollutants combine with other pollutants in the air from smog, black carbon, and benzene, harming the health of the American people, particularly our kids and seniors, who will have to pay for these special interest breaks with their health and, in some cases, with their lives. These three bills sacrifice Americans’ health with additional years of unnecessary pollution. Mr. Speaker, it is as disappointing as it is frustrating that we come here today to debate bills that will increase pollution in our country and also have very little hope—let me underscore that: very little hope—of ever becoming law. We have real work to do in this place, and these bills are not that work. This body must turn its attention to finally addressing the gun violence epidemic that has taken over our country. Most recently at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, in a district adjacent to the district that I am privileged to serve, less than a month ago, a 19yearold legally purchased a semiautomatic AR–15 and used it to methodically murder 14 of his former classmates and three teachers. What was the response of this body? Well, we did prayers and thoughts, which is good. But did my Republican colleagues bring to the floor a bill that would ban assault weapons? Did they bring to the floor legislation to close the gun show loophole? Did they bring to the floor legislation that would raise the minimum purchase age for rifles? Or mandatory comprehensive background checks for gun buyers and ban bump stocks? Or allow the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to study gun violence? b1245 No, Mr. Speaker. Instead this body offered, as I said, its thoughts and prayers. And I have said it before and I will say it again today: those who stand in the way of legislation that will address our country’s gun violence epidemic are increasingly culpable for its needless continuation. So what we choose to talk about is pollution. What we should be talking about is the gun epidemic, and I will get to DACA a little bit later in my closing. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), my colleague and the sponsor of the SENSE Act. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding time to me. Mr. Speaker, just listening to the other side’s comments about the SENSE Act, I am wondering if they 
have read the same bill or if they have ever visited the hills of western Pennsylvania where we see the environmental damage that waste coal piles have done and the tremendous progress that we have seen over the last number of decades in actually cleaning up the environment. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to rise in support of H. Res. 762, the rule that is under consideration, and I want to talk about the SENSE Act, which is included within this rule, H.R. 1119. This is a proenvironment bill. The purpose of the bill is to ensure that coal refusetoenergy facilities can be held to strict but achievable standards. To be clear, these plants comply with nearly all standards as it is, including mercury emissions. We are talking about a modification, a customization, as it were, in recognition of the tremendous benefit that these plants have made to the environment. I have introduced versions of this bill during prior Congresses, and I am hopeful that this bill can become law. It enjoys bipartisan support. As many of you know, coal refuse is a byproduct of historic coal mining operations. Throughout many parts of coal country, towering black mounds of this material loom beside cities and towns, especially in Pennsylvania and in West Virginia. I would invite my colleague from Florida to come up to western Pennsylvania and take a look at the scarred landscape and polluted rivers we have there as a result of these coal refuse piles. Many of these piles can smoulder, can spontaneously combust, giving off emissions with no controls, zero controls. They catch fire, burning uncontrollably, sending hazardous smoke into the air and into surrounding communities. Local governments are then forced to spend increasingly scarce taxpayer resources fighting these fires. Rainwater leaches terrible chemicals from these mounds, polluting nearby rivers and streams. Fortunately, the coal refusetoenergy industry turns this material into energy, while cleaning up and remediating many polluted sites, at no cost to the taxpayer. These power plants are really the only practical solution to this massive environmental problem that we have in Pennsylvania and West Virginia that could cost, in Pennsylvania alone, an estimated $2 billion to remediate. This is being done without taxpayer funding right now, the cleanup, because of these plants. For several years, I have spoken about the tremendous work being done by hardworking folks in this industry, which I have seen firsthand. I have stood on coal refuse piles in the process of remediation, and I have also walked on restored sites, many of which are parks and meadows, now regarded as community assets rather than liabilities. I have seen the streams that were once dead that now have fish. Despite all the good that this industry does for Pennsylvania and West Virginia, five coal refusetoenergy facilities are under threat from Federal regulations, seemingly incapable of needed flexibility to accommodate private sector work that is actually improving the environment. If rigid EPA orthodoxy makes no exceptions for this proenvironment industry, it is not just the environment that will continue to suffer. These plants support familysustaining jobs, and thousands of jobs are at stake if these plants are regulated out of business, both direct and indirect. I should note that many of these jobs are in localities that have already been hit exceptionally hard by both the last recession and the ongoing opioid crisis. The people expect us to stand for them, especially when their livelihoods come under threat from heavyhanded, onesizefitsall Washington policies. So as we debate the SENSE Act, please keep in mind what the bill’s supporters are fighting for. Here is what is going to happen if this law doesn’t pass: rivers and streams aren’t going to come back to life; hillsides aren’t going to be restored; and these piles, they can spontaneously combust, again, with no emissions control whatsoever. The SENSE Act is about protecting familysustaining jobs and ensuring the continuation of the environmental success story of the coal refusetoenergy industry. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support the rule and the SENSE Act. Again, are we capable of making judgments in this House? Are we capable of customizing onesizefits all. The EPA, frankly, has recognized the work of this industry. ‘‘Coal refuse piles,’’ the EPA has said, ‘‘are an environmental concern because of acid seepage and leachate production, spontaneous combustion, and low soil fertility. Units that burn coal refuse provide multimedia environmental benefits by combining the production of energy with the removal of coal refuse piles and by reclaiming land for productive use. Consequently, because of the unique environmental benefits that coal refusefired EGUs provide,’’ the EPA said, ‘‘these units warrant special consideration. . . .’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. CHENEY. I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will see the benefits that can come from this. This isn’t a special interest carveout, unless you consider cleaning up the environment in western Pennsylvania to be a special interest. Again, are we capable of making judgments about what this town puts out, one size fits all, seemingly with blinders on, not having the ability to recognize that in certain circumstances customization is appropriate? That is what this underlying bill, the SENSE Act, does. It does make sense: satisfying energy needs and saving the environment. I hope my colleagues would see the sense in that and work with us to allow the environmental cleanup to continue and to protect hundreds of familysustaining jobs across western Pennsylvania and West Virginia. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, 6 months ago, Donald John Trump decided to end the DACA program, a program which gave hundreds of thousands of hardworking young people hope for the future. He gave Congress until March 5—that was 2 days ago—to pass a bill. Since then, House Democrats have tried 23 times to pass bipartisan legislation to fix this problem. Donald John Trump even tweeted: ‘‘Total inaction on DACA by Dems. Where are you?’’ Well, Mr. President, where we are is right here, waiting for this deal that you say can be made. Yet, on 23 occasions, it was our friends on the other side of the aisle who refused to make a deal and rejected even considering the bipartisan Dream Act that was deadlined by you, Donald John Trump, on March 5. We need to address this vital issue now. Approximately 120 Dreamers lose their status each day. Over 22,000 have lost their status since the administration ended the program. Mr. Speaker, I implore my colleagues: Let’s do something now to lift the cloud that hangs over these young people who are American in every way except on paper. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I am going to offer for the 24th time an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3440, the Dream Act. This bipartisan, bicameral legislation will help solve the problem created by Donald John Trump’s decision to end the DACA program. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair, not to a perceived viewing audience. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ), my good friend, a member of the Agriculture and Natural Resources Committees of this Congress, who will discuss our proposal. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, the United States, as we know, is a nation of immigrants, past and present. For hundreds of years, people have come to our shores 
in search of a better life for themselves and for their children. Immigrants from across the world have made incredible contributions to our country. We know that as fact. From starting businesses to healing the sick, to harvesting our fields and putting food on America’s dinner table, to ensuring safety and pursuing justice, immigrants have made America a great nation because of their contributions. Yet there have been times when our Nation has struggled to live up to our own ideals, and right now, I think, is one of those times. This week, the President’s deadline, March 5, 2 days past, to end the DACA program took effect, threatening hundreds of thousands of lives of Dreamers. Now, let us remember, this is because of President Trump’s unilateral action last September to repeal DACA that we are in the position that we are in today. Mr. Speaker, I am standing here with the Dreamers, with over 80 percent of Americans, and with many of my colleagues who believe we ought to fix this problem. I ask Speaker RYANand I call upon this Chamber to vote now on the bipartisan, bicameral Dream Act. This bill would provide permanent legislative protections for our Dreamers, immigrants who were brought to the United States’ shores as children at the average age of 6 years. For them, America is the only country they have ever known. The Dream Act will provide these young people with legal status and, ultimately, a path to citizenship. In my district, there are thousands of DACA recipients, thousands of Dreamers, currently, over 600 at the University of California, Merced, and more than that at my alma mater, Fresno State. President Castro at Fresno State and I had a meeting with a group of Dreamers recently. Let me tell you about one student whom I met, who would be helped by the Dream Act, Rodolfo. What a story he had to tell, along with the other students. Rodolfo came to the United States with his mother and siblings when he was 4 years old, at great risk. He is set to graduate from Fresno State with a degree in chemistry this year. DACA gave him the ability to work through school and help his family. And after all, isn’t that the immigrant way? Just last week, Rodolfo got some great news. He learned that he was admitted to the University of California, San Francisco’s School of Pharmacy, one of the best schools in the Nation. His dream as a Dreamer is to use his education and skills to give back to our communities by providing healthcare to underserved communities. Rodolfo, we want Dreamers like you here in the United States. There are over 800,000 of you, all contributing and giving. Many of you serve in our armed services today. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to bring the Dream Act to the floor for a vote. Support this legislation. They should not be held hostage for other agendas that are out there, and clearly this is the case. This is common sense. I ask my colleagues to do the right thing. Let’s bring the Dream Act to the floor as soon as we can. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOHNSON ), the sponsor of the BRICK Act. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to speak. Mr. Speaker, I am actually a little bit confused. I thought this was supposed to be a debate on a rule dealing with overturning onerous EPA regulations. Instead, our colleagues on the left want to talk about something totally nongermane and change the subject. And then we wonder why the American people get so frustrated that this institution can’t seem to address its big issues. b1300 I also heard a little bit ago an impassioned claim by my colleague on the left over here that the legislation that we are talking about today somehow flies in the face of the courts. That is not true because the courts have already overturned this regulation one time and set it aside, and it has cost the industries millions and millions of dollars that they shouldn’t have had to spend. I also heard it claimed that it flies in the face of commonsense, sciencebased evidence. That is not true because, if it were, then the courts wouldn’t have made the decision to set it aside in the first place. H.R. 1917, the BRICK Act, is about regulatory common sense, Mr. Speaker, but it is also about preserving good paying jobs in rural communities across America. Brickmakers and tile manufacturers are primarily small businesses, and their product is critical for our infrastructure. They have built some of the most iconic towns and buildings across America, and this bill will help ensure that these small businesses are able to continue to do exactly that. The EPA’s current Brick MACT rule, finalized in 2015, would impose millions of dollars in costs on these small businesses, all before judicial review of the rule is complete. And while the EPA, under the former administration, estimates that the annual costs to comply with the rule will be about $25 million, other estimates have projected the annual costs to be up to $100 million or greater. For a facility with two kilns, which is the industry average, the costs are estimated to be $4.4 million. Securing capital for these projects will be very difficult, and some worry that it will simply not be available considering that these compliance costs will not improve plant productivity nor help its bottom line. What is worse is that these costs are over and above the tens of millions of dollars spent by the industry to comply with an earlier version of the rule vacated by the D.C. Circuit Court in 2007. H.R. 1917 simply allows for the consideration and completion of any judicial review regarding the 2015 regulation before requiring compliance. For an industry that has faced so much regulatory uncertainty, through rules, vacated rules, and now new regulation, H.R. 1917 will help inject a bit of much needed regulatory certainty back into this industry. Additionally, this bill provides regulatory relief for our wood heater manufacturers, which helps provide an affordable source of heat for many low income and rural households. EPA regulations set to take effect in 2020 are causing some manufacturers to already lay off workers. This industry needs more time to comply, and a provision within H.R. 1917 will simply extend that compliance deadline from 2020 to 2023. If left unchanged, product choice will diminish, prices will rise, and more jobs will be lost. Mr. Speaker, we must ensure our Federal agencies are not needlessly regulating companies out of business. Brick manufacturers have suffered heavy losses since the recession, losing about 45 percent of jobs between 2005 and 2012. Increased compliance costs from these EPA regulations will only lead to more job losses and consolidations within this primarily family owned business industry. We owe this industry regulatory certainty. I urge my colleagues to support this rule and to support H.R. 1917 because, if we don’t, if the brick industry gets shut down because of these onerous rules, we are going to start building buildings, Mr. Speaker, out of straw and sticks instead of bricks. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I have watched this last year as members of the Republican majority worked diligently to eliminate Federal environmental regulations that serve to keep the American people safe from harmful toxins in their air and water. I couldn’t help but be amused by my colleague on the right’s comments at the end that we will be using sticks instead of bricks. Very clever. But the real truth of the matter is, in certain parts of the world—and I would urge him to visit some of them—there are examples of things other than brick for construction. I have no quarrel with the brick industry. I just urge—and in many instances they are already doing it—that they do everything they can not to pollute the environment. I have watched members in the Republican majority work relentlessly for special interest groups instead of working for all of the American people. I have watched members of the Republican majority put the wish list of the powerful corporate gun lobby ahead of the safety of the American people. 
On Monday, we all watched a selfimposed Republican deadline slip by, to the detriment of thousands upon thousands of young people in our country who we have identified as Dreamers, young people who know no other country as home than the United States of America. Every day of inaction on the part of my friends across the aisle means another day that families are needlessly and cruelly made to live under the threat of being torn asunder. My colleague, LOISFRANKEL , and I were at a men’s club before a couple of hundred of men in the Valencia Cove in Boynton Beach. The question was put to both of us: Why do we support illegal immigrants in this country? We tried to make the distinction for him with reference to Dreamers and the fact that all of these young people were brought here against their volition by their parents. So it is the Dreamers that we are supporting. I think he finally understood the importance of our doing comprehensive immigration reform in this country. Democrats have offered to bring the Dream Act to the floor now 24 times. We are going to give them one more chance. We have done it 23, and every single time this effort has been blocked by the majority. To address my friend who correctly cited that we were bringing this up: It is not so much to change the topic of the day. We don’t have that prerogative. But we do have embedded in this rule the prerogative to bring a previous question, and that can be on any subject that we choose. What we choose to do is to prioritize things that we consider to be important. It would not have blocked this particular measure. But the fact is, enough is enough. The President says he wants to fix this problem. The Speaker says he wants to fix this problem. We on this side of the aisle clearly want to fix this problem. So let’s do it now. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule, on the previous question, and on the underlying bills. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I enjoy very much serving on the Rules Committee with all of my colleagues on the committee. One of the things that I am often asked because I am a new Member of this body is: What has surprised me most about being a Member of Congress? My answer is: Often you see on the outside what looks like a lot of vitriol between the parties, but, in actuality, I believe that every Member of this body is here for the right reasons. They are here because they want to serve the people of their districts, the people of their States, and the people of this Nation. I think it is crucially important, Mr. Speaker, particularly when we are talking about something as sacred as the safety of our children, that we not engage in the kind of partisan attacks, that we not exploit tragedy, that we not engage in the kind of questioning of motives that I just heard my colleague on the other side of the aisle do. I know my colleague, Mr. HASTINGS , knows that we may have disagreements, but the reason that I, as a mother, feel so strongly about the Second Amendment is because I want to keep our kids safe. I know he knows that my beliefs about the Second Amendment, though they are different from his, are not based upon any campaign donations and any campaign contributions. I know he knows that they are based very firmly on a fundamental commitment to the importance of the Second Amendment as part of what makes this Nation safe, as part of what makes our individuals secure, and how important it is for us not to use this tragedy to take steps—that may make people feel better—that fundamentally violate our constitutional rights and that won’t keep our kids safe. When you go down the path that we have heard so many on the other side of the aisle suggest we go down, whether they are talking about banning entire classes of weapons, whether they are talking about expanding background checks so that they are somehow universal—our background check system right now is broken. It doesn’t work. We have a situation in which States are not reporting in the way that they ought to report. So when I hear my colleagues on the other side of the aisle suggest that what we ought to do, frankly, is expand a system that is failing and call that progress, I can’t help but think that that is pretty much their standard operating procedure: No matter what the policy is, let’s expand the broken system, let’s ignore whether or not it is really working, and let’s call it progress. Mr. Speaker, I will not be a party to that. I will not be a party in a situation in which we have had tragedy after tragedy, a situation in which in this most recent tragedy law enforcement fundamentally at all levels failed our children. When you have individuals inside of a school who were killed because armed officers outside the school failed to enter, when you have children who are killed because call after call after call to the Federal Bureau of Investigation and to the local law enforcement officials went unheeded because specific tips about this particular individual went unheeded, that is not a time, Mr. Speaker, for us to say: What we ought to do then is prevent lawabiding Americans from having access to the firearms that they need to defend and protect themselves. I think, Mr. Speaker, if you look at what those on the other side of the aisle are attempting to do with respect to the debate about guns and the debate about school safety, it is critically important for all of us to stand up and say: No, we will not go down a path that is going to violate constitutional rights, that will not keep our children safe, and find some kind of false comfort in that. When you are talking about the bills that are before us today, Mr. Speaker, we are in a similar situation. We have had 8 years in the Obama administration where they imposed regulation after regulation after regulation in the name of somehow protecting the environment. Mr. Speaker, President Obama’s own EPA Administrator testified in front of Congress that the Clean Power Plan would, in fact, not have any sort of positive impact on the environment or on global temperatures, yet they imposed it anyway, imposing massive costs on our industry in the name, I suppose, of trying to feel better and trying to feel like they are doing something. But what they are really doing is actually putting ourselves in a situation where we are harming small businesses, where we are strangling them, and where we are preventing their ability to grow and to thrive. We know we can do that, Mr. Speaker, in a way that also protects our environment. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues, Mr. ROTHFUS and Mr. J OHNSON , for their work on these very important bills. In Wyoming, Mr. Speaker, we know that our coal and our fossil fuels are national treasures. They are absolutely crucial to providing the power that runs this Nation. I am proud of all that we in this body and President Trump together have done to roll back dangerous and illadvised Obamaera regulations that have been aimed at killing our fossil fuel industry. We can no longer go down the path of allowing these regulations to exist in a way that devastates industry, puts the fundamental reliability of our electricity and of our energy grid at risk, and achieves no measurable impact for the environment. It is long past time for that indefensible approach to end. That is what we are doing here today. These are good bills. They are important bills. They will take this next step in rolling back the kind of overwhelming regulation that we have seen, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of both the rule and the underlying bills. The material previously referred to by Mr. HASTINGS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 762 O FFERED BY  MR. HASTINGS  At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: SEC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3440) to authorize the cancellation of removal and adjustment of status of certain individuals who are long term United States residents and who entered the United States as children and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill 
and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 3440. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ). The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 229, nays 183, not voting 18, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—183 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Barr Cramer Cummings Hice, Jody B. Johnson, E. B. Lieu, Ted Meeks Nolan Pearce Poe (TX) Polis SheaPorter Shuster Slaughter Smith (TX) Stivers Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) 
b1339 Messrs. SCHNEIDER, SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, BISHOP of Georgia, GENE GREEN of Texas, CLEAVER, ELLISON, and RUSH changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. UPTON, MCCLINTOCK, WALDEN, and SMITH of New Jersey changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 227, noes 185, not voting 18, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—185 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Barr Cramer Cummings Gabbard Hice, Jody B. Hollingsworth Johnson, E. B. Lieu, Ted Nolan Palazzo Pearce Poe (TX) Polis SheaPorter Shuster Slaughter Smith (TX) Stivers b1346 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
BLOCKING REGULATORY INTERFERENCE FROM CLOSING KILNS ACT OF 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 762, I call up the bill (H.R. 1917) to allow for judicial review of any final rule addressing national emission standards for hazardous air pollutants for brick and structural clay products or for clay ceramics manufacturing before requiring compliance with such rule, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 762, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–62 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 1917 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENDING COMPLIANCE DATES (PENDING JUDICIAL REVIEW) OF RULES ADDRESSING NATIONAL EMISSION STANDARDS FOR HAZARDOUS AIR POLLUTANTS FOR BRICK AND STRUCTURAL CLAY PRODUCTS MANUFACTURING OR CLAY CERAMICS MANUFACTURING. 
(a) E XTENSION OF COMPLIANCE DATES.— (1) EXTENSION .—Each compliance date of any final rule described in subsection (b) is deemed to be extended by the time period equal to the time period described in subsection (c). (2) DEFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘compliance date’’ means, with respect to any requirement of a final rule described in subsection (b), the date by which any State, local, or tribal government or other person is first required to comply. (b) FINAL RULES DESCRIBED .—A final rule described in this subsection is any final rule to address national emission standards for hazardous air pollutants (NESHAP) for brick and structural clay products manufacturing or clay ceramics manufacturing under section 112 of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7412), including— (1) the final rule entitled ‘‘NESHAP for Brick and Structural Clay Products Manufacturing; and NESHAP for Clay Ceramics Manufacturing’’ published at 80 Fed. Reg. 65469 (October 26, 2015); (2) the final rule entitled ‘‘NESHAP for Brick and Structural Clay Products Manufacturing; and NESHAP for Clay Ceramics Manufacturing: Correction’’ published at 80 Fed. Reg. 75817 (December 4, 2015); and (3) any final rule that succeeds or amends the rule described in paragraph (1) or (2). (c) PERIOD DESCRIBED .—The time period described in this subsection is the period of days that— (1) begins on the date that is 60 days after the day on which notice of promulgation of a final 
rule described in subsection (b) appears in the Federal Register; and (2) ends on the date on which judgment becomes final, and no longer subject to further appeal or review, in all actions (including actions that are filed pursuant to section 307 of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7607))— (A) that are filed during the 60 days described in paragraph (1); and (B) that seek review of any aspect of such rule. 
SEC. 3. STEP 2 COMPLIANCE DATE FOR STANDARDS OF PERFORMANCE FOR NEW RESIDENTIAL WOOD HEATERS, NEW RESIDENTIAL HYDRONIC HEATERS, AND FORCEDAIR FURNACES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Step 2 compliance date (as such term is used in the final rule entitled ‘‘Standards of Performance for New Residential Wood Heaters, New Residential Hydronic Heaters and ForcedAir Furnaces’’ published at 80 Fed. Reg. 13672 (March 16, 2015)) is deemed to be May 15, 2023. (b) CONFORMING CHANGES .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall make such technical and conforming changes to rules and guidance documents as may be necessary to implement subsection (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material on H.R. 1917. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today we have a chance to help hundreds of small businesses, manufacturers, as well as thousands of employees, while also lowering prices for consumers. I thank the bipartisan cosponsors of H.R. 1917, the Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns Act, the BRICK Act, and urge my colleagues to support this commonsense bill. American brickmakers literally produce the building blocks of our Nation. They are primarily small businesses, and they are often the most important employer in small communities across America, where many are located. Like an old brick house, this industry has had to weather a lot, including a long economic downturn, that we have finally come out of, that suppressed new construction activity and, thus, brick sales for many years. They even weathered the 2003 EPA regulation that cost many millions of dollars to comply. That regulation was later thrown out by a Federal court, but the judicial relief came too late, as the industry had already spent considerable sums to meet EPA’s tight deadlines. We don’t want to see a repeat of that unfair result, but, once again, EPA has imposed another regulation with difficult deadlines that will likely take effect before judicial review is complete. Brickmakers have testified before the Energy and Commerce Committee that this regulation may result in layoffs and even plant closures. H.R. 1917 would simply extend the compliance deadline until after judicial review is final. This industry has already reduced its emissions by up to 95 percent, according to a study from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. It should not be forced to comply with another new regulation that may not withstand judicial scrutiny. We owe it to these brickmakers, their employees, and consumers of building materials to allow meaningful judicial review. I might add that a Senate bill has been recently introduced that also provides regulatory relief for brickmakers, but it takes a somewhat different approach than our version. I pledge to work with the Senate so that we can provide timely relief to this important industry. The bill also deals with wood heaters. As with bricks, the wood heaters industry is dominated by small business manufacturers who are often the economic anchors of rural communities, where many are located. Many wood heater buyers are lowincome, rural households that rely on them to get through the winter. In 2015, EPA set a twostep wood heater emission rule. The first step took effect in 2015 and reduced emissions in new models by up to 90 percent. The more stringent second step is scheduled to take effect in 2020, but is causing a great deal of difficulty. Only a small fraction of the wood heating models currently available can meet the 2020 standards, and time is running out to design and certify any additional models. One wood heater manufacturer testified before the Energy and Commerce Committee that he has already had to cut staff as a result of the 2020 deadline, and others feel there will be additional job losses if the 2020 standard is retained, but this is not just a jobs issue. Users of wood heaters face both reduced product choice and higher prices for new models. Many would have to forgo buying a new wood heater and continue using older and dirtier ones, which undercuts the claims that the current deadline will improve air quality. The provisions in the bill retain the 2015 standards, but extend the 2020 deadline by 3 years to 2023. This is a reasonable fix that would avoid unnecessary economic damage while still prioritizing environmental protection. In conclusion, the brick industry and the wood heater industry may both be small, but they are far from small to those who owe their jobs to them and to those who rely on their products. I urge my colleagues to provide targeted relief to these two industries by supporting H.R. 1917. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1917, the Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns, or BRICK, Act. EPA issued the Brick and Clay MACT rule in 2015, which sets maximum achievable control technology based on what is already being achieved at similar facilities. Section 2 of the BRICK Act seeks to delay compliance with the Brick and Clay MACT until ‘‘judgment becomes final, and no longer subject to further appeal or review.’’ This would incentivize frivolous litigation simply to put off having to comply with the rule. Courts already have the ability to issue a stay of any compliance dates in a final rule. Congress should not insert itself into the judicial process. The courts have regularly used this process. There is no reason for Congress to override it. To date, no one has petitioned the court to stay the Brick and Clay MACT rule. Section 3 of H.R. 1917 incorporates another bill reported out of the Energy and Commerce Committee, H.R. 453, the Relief from New Source Performance Standards Act. This section, Mr. Speaker, delays implementation of the EPA’s step 2 emission standards for three categories of woodfueled heaters. EPA finalized the rule in 2015. Under the rule, manufacturers have until 2020 to comply with the new standards. This bill would delay the standards until 2023. Much like the Brick MACT, these standards are achievable. In a recent list of devices certified under the 2015 standard, 171 devices report certified emission levels that already meet the 2020 standards. These 2020compliant products are both cleaner and more efficient, generating more heat per unit of wood burned and making them less expensive to operate. By delaying these standards, Congress is unfairly punishing companies that made investments to produce cleaner, more efficient products by the original deadline. Since these appliances typically last for 25 years or more once installed, delaying this standard will result in decades of additional pollution in and around people’s homes. The original bill, H.R. 453, was opposed by State attorneys general of New York, Maryland, Massachusetts, Oregon, Rhode Island, and the Puget Sound Clean Air Agency. In a letter from December 12, these officials pointed out that EPA estimated the net benefits of implementing the rule at more than 100 times the costs. 
Wood smoke contains considerable amounts of fine particle pollution, carbon monoxide, and other toxic pollutants. In my home State of New York, less than 2 percent of residents heat their homes with wood, but residential wood heating accounts for 41 percent of the State’s particulate emissions. b1400 Because the emissions are released close to ground level and homes, there is significant human exposure, which is why this bill is also opposed by a number of public health and medical organizations. The BRICK Act gives special treatment to a couple of industries by shifting the health and financial burdens of pollution on to the public. I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill, Mr. Speaker, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ). Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the excellent work that he has done on the BRICK Act, and also Mr. JOHNSON , who brought this legislation forward and who has worked so closely with individuals, with companies in his district to address their concerns on this. Now, what brings us here today is the fact that, once before, the brick industry faced an EPA rule that went on the books, hadn’t gone through judicial review. This happened in 2003. Over a period of 5 years, they began ramping up to make these changes. This is expensive because most of the brick manufacturers in our country are small businesses. They have two kilns, and they are working very, very hard to keep the jobs and keep people employed. When they look at having to change to this new equipment, the investment is going to be $3 million, $4 million, $5 million, depending on the size of their business. Now, previously, a rule went through the process of judicial review, and then it was withdrawn. What this legislation does is to say, look, let’s finish this entire process before we move that expense to the industry, because when you put it to the industry and they are incurring this cost that could end up being an unnecessary cost, what happens? Brick costs more. Building materials cost more. Who ends up paying for that? Consumers, purchasers, individuals who are buying homes, individuals who are remodeling homes, individuals who are building commercial buildings. So what we are saying is let’s exercise some wisdom. Let’s exercise a little bit of experience that comes from having been here before, and let’s delay until this entire process is finished. As we have talked about bricks, we are also addressing the wood heater industry, which is a primary source of heat for many of our homes, and just saying let’s be mindful, let’s be careful, let’s put consumers and taxpayers in front of the bureaucrats who are looking to implement these rules and regulations. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ). Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the ranking member, and I thank the chairman for his work on this, but I am going to rise in opposition to H.R. 1917, the BRICK Act. This bill will delay the implementation of the EPA’s final Brick and Structural Clay Products rule and the final Clay Ceramic Manufacturing rule by extending all compliance deadlines based on pending judicial review. So what does that mean? That means it will delay implementation until judgment becomes final and not subject to review or appeal. This is a blanket extension that could have lasting negative impacts on the public’s health. Brick and clay plants, if unregulated, can be major sources of toxic air pollutants like hydrogen fluoride, hydrogen chloride, and hazardous metals, pollutants that are associated with a variety of acute and chronic health effects, including cancer. It is estimated that the final Brick and Clay MACT rule will reduce nationwide air toxics by approximately 375 tons per year. Last Friday, the OMB issued a report showing that regulations have high benefit and low cost. The aggregate benefits of Federal regulations is between $219 billion and $695 billion; whereas, the aggregate costs are $59 billion to $88 billion. Many regulations spur innovation that benefit the economy as well as human health. Now, it is no surprise to me that this administration and the Republicans are targeting air pollution regulations. The OMB noted that EPA rules ‘‘account for over 80 percent of the monetized benefits and over 70 percent of the monetized costs’’ of Federal regulation between 2006 and 2016. Since regulations protect human health and safety and have more benefits than costs for industry, I stand in opposition to bills like this one that seek to undermine these protections. I ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 1917. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, before I yield to the next individual, I just want to say it is not a low cost to the individuals in these small communities who lose their job, and it is not a low cost to the communities that lose the tax base when these small businesses fold up and go away in small towns. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. HARPER ), a person who also represents big parts of rural America. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage Members to support this commonsense bill, H.R. 1917, the Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns Act, H.R. 1917, also known as the BRICK Act, which includes provisions that will provide a compromise approach to delaying a regulation on manufacturers of wood heaters. Wood heaters are frequently used by households in rural America. EPA’s rushed 2020 deadline would raise the price of a new wood heater on those least able to afford it. It would also restrict consumer choice, as many currently available models may not be able to meet the 2020 deadline. H.R. 1917 will not remove any regulations. It would simply extend the deadline to 2023. Frank Moore of Hardy Manufacturing, located in my district, testified before the Environment Subcommittee in September that he and other manufacturers are working to meet the 2020 step 2 standards, but that a lack of technology is making compliance nearly impossible. In that hearing, Mr. Moore said: ‘‘ . . . we provide jobs for about 50 people with payrolls exceeding $2 million,’’ and that ‘‘even if a product can meet the step 2 requirements, I believe it would not be consumer friendly, durable, or affordable.’’ Again, extension of this effective date doesn’t remove any regulations. Extension simply provides more time for manufacturers to come into compliance with much stricter requirements. It is best for the consumers; it is best for the businesses; and it will not undo the regulations that are requested. I hope that Members will agree that this bipartisan legislation is a compromise solution that helps small businesses and our constituents. I encourage Members to support H.R. 1917. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. MCEACHIN ). Mr. MCEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, every American—in fact, every human being—has the right to breathe clean air. If this Congress trammels that right in the name of corporate profits, that choice is not just an abstract moral failure, it is a concrete public health disaster, one that will cause needless suffering, especially for our most vulnerable friends and neighbors. The regulations this bill seeks to impede are long overdue. The earliest form of the Brick and Clay rule dates back to 2003. That was more than 14 years ago, and now some of my friends in the majority are seeking even longer delays. We have been putting pollutants into our air and we can never unring that bell, but we can do better moving forward, and we need to make those improvements sooner rather than later. We all know that justice delayed is justice denied. Justice has already been delayed by more than a decade. We can measure that cost. The Brick and Clay rule, in its current form, would reduce the amount of toxins in our air by hundreds of tons per year. If we delay the rule another 
year, or 2 years or longer, all of our families, all of our constituents are going to be breathing dirtier and more dangerous air. This bill is a direct attack on our right to live in a clean and healthy environment. I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this misguided legislation. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from the great State of Minnesota (Mr. PETERS on), a Democrat who is going to speak on behalf of part of his bill. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the BRICK Act, particularly section 3, which includes language from my bill to bring much needed regulatory relief to wood heater manufacturers that are in my district and also across the Nation. Section 3 delays the second phase of Federal emission regulations for wood heaters by 3 years. It is important to note that, since 2007, manufacturers have voluntarily invested in technology to reduce the emissions to comply with the first phase of the regulations. I had one situation in the north part of my district where they spent I don’t know how many hundreds of thousands of dollars coming up with this 90 percent reduction; and 6 months after they accomplished it, they came in with these new regulations to do another 90 percent, which can’t be done, and it is going to put them out of business. So these businessowners in my district and around the country have approached me and said, as I said, that they will go out of business if this second phase is not delayed. Some of them have already begun laying people off in towns like Greenbush, Minnesota, in my area. And in these small communities, these layoffs are devastating. These companies already produce some of the cleanest wood heaters in the Nation, and they are telling me that the EPA has just gone too far. So I wrote this language to help these businesses, these workers, these communities that depend on the production of these important appliances, and I urge my colleagues to support the BRICK Act. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOHNSON ), the author of the BRICK Act. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, the majority of U.S. brick and ceramic plants are small, familyowned operations, often located in rural communities that depend on the plant for their very livelihood, for the goodpaying jobs. They have built some of the most recognizable buildings, cities, and towns in existence across America, including many within my district in eastern and southeastern Ohio. Unfortunately, these industries have borne the brunt of an unpredictable regulatory process that is nearly two decades in the making. In 2003, the EPA required brickmakers to install expensive new equipment to comply with the Agency’s Maximum Achievable Control Technology, or their MACT rule. In 2007, after companies spent millions to implement these controls, the U.S. Court of Appeals in the D.C. Circuit vacated the rule. Our brickmakers now find themselves in a very similar situation today. In 2015, the EPA again finalized a rule requiring the industry to once again invest in similar control equipment technologies. Additionally, this new regulation uses the emission reductions achieved under the vacated regulation as a baseline for further emission reductions. In other words, the EPA, under the former administration, chose not to recognize the great strides this industry achieved under the previously vacated rule. The Agency neglected to take this past regulatory and compliance history into consideration. Mr. Speaker, that is simply not right. The bill before us today, H.R. 1917, the BRICK Act, ensures history does not repeat itself. This legislation simply allows for the consideration and completion of any judicial review regarding the 2015 regulation before requiring compliance. Now, some of my colleagues across the aisle say they are worried that this legislation sets a dangerous precedent. Many of these same colleagues are also quick to recognize the very unique regulatory situation this industry finds itself in. They even go so far as to say they are sympathetic to the unique situation. b1415 However, they are unwilling to support this bill that simply extends the compliance deadlines, which would give the brick and tile industries a bit of regulatory certainty while the courts complete their work. Mr. Speaker, that logic baffles me. We need a bit of pragmatism when we approach this situation. Because if you really want to talk about a dangerous precedent, consider this: this new regulation also caps the economic productivity of the clay ceramics industry. While the former administration admitted that this regulation will not reduce emissions emitted by the industry, it decided to set new emission standards through regulations anyway. Regulating an industry for no immediate reason or environmental benefit? Now that is a dangerous precedent. Brick manufacturers have suffered heavy losses since the recession, shedding 45 percent of jobs between 2005 and 2012, and these increased compliance costs from EPA regulations are driving more job losses and consolidations within this primarily familyowned industry. Brick plant owners already struggle to obtain financing for plant modernization projects, and brick companies estimate that this rule will cost as much as $100 million a year to comply. Many are worried that the financing needed to comply with this most recent reiteration of this rule will not be available, considering that the required control equipment will not improve plant productivity, nor help the bottom line. I urge all of my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation today, and I look forward to working with my Senate colleagues to quickly address this issue. I know some recent bipartisan progress has been made in the Senate between Senator WICKER and Senator DONNELLY , and I am very encouraged by that progress. I am hopeful that this vote today will help push the Senate to act and act sooner than later. The compliance deadlines are quickly approaching, and we need a solution now to this important issue. Otherwise, Mr. Speaker, we are in danger of having to build buildings in America out of sticks and straw, or, worse yet, out of bricks imported from foreign countries. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, no one wants to shut down these businesses, but H.R. 1917 is the wrong remedy. We understand the circumstances, and those circumstances should be brought to the attention of the courts. The court has the power to grant the stay of this rule. For some reason, the industry has not yet made that request, even though there are a number of pending lawsuits challenging the rule. In fact, industry petitioned the court to put their lawsuits on hold until EPA decides whether to grant their request to reconsider the rule. The pending decisions by the court and the EPA indicate there are still a number of remedies available to address the industry’s concerns, including a request to the court to stay the rule. There is no need for H.R. 1917. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns Act of 2017. This bill is very simple, Mr. Speaker, as it simply aligns the timeline for compliance with judicial review of these rules and regulations. American businesses are finding themselves facing millions of dollars in compliance costs due to burdensome EPA regulations. It is estimated that the EPA’s rules may cost the brick and ceramics industry millions annually, with the cost of compliance for the average facility at over $4 million. Industry won’t be able to meet the requirement deadlines imposed by the rule, which is currently being reviewed 
in our court system. The EPA’s first attempt at a rule was vacated, but not before the industry spent millions in compliance measures that were ultimately found to be invalid. Small brick and ceramics businesses have been the hardest hit by the first rule; and if something isn’t done, many of these small businesses will be forced to close their doors for good. H.R. 1917 would provide muchneeded regulatory relief to brick and ceramics businesses by simply stating that we need to let the judicial review process move ahead before we penalize hardworking people. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill and to support businesses all across the country. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ). Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Mr. SHIMKUS yielding. And I want to thank Chairman WALDEN , as well, for his hard work in this area, as well as Mr. SHIMKUS ’, and the entire Energy and Commerce Committee for their leadership in this area. As chairman of the House Small Business Committee, I continue to hear from smallbusiness owners all across America that compliance with regulations is one of the greatest challenges that they face, and this is, in essence, what this is. In fact, today, I chaired a hearing on how the regulatory process is impacting small businesses. The bill before us today, the BRICK Act, would provide crucial relief to America’s brick, clay, and tile industries, the majority of which are, by definition, small businesses; and we should always remember that small businesses create about 7 out of every 10 new jobs in America. The BRICK Act would ensure that smallbusiness owners don’t have to worry about spending millions of dollars to comply with a regulation that may well be thrown out in court. I would urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Mr. Speaker, Congress should not be in the business of encouraging frivolous litigation or penalizing businesses that made the necessary investments to comply with standards, especially when clean air is at stake. Unfortunately, that is what the BRICK Act would do. These standards are achievable, long overdue, and provide considerable health benefits. It has been nearly two decades for pollution control standards for brick and clay facilities and nearly three decades since the last Federal standards for wood stoves. We shouldn’t have to choose between a giveaway to a couple of special interests over clean air for all of our constituents. Again, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ). Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the chairman’s good work on this legislation. In my district and in many rural communities around the country, wood burning stoves and heaters are a popular heat source, and an affordable one as well; and it is a renewable fuel. And I will tell you what: the person who utilizes a wood stove to heat their home is not a special interest. The EPA’s New Source Performance Standards for products like wood and pellet stoves and wood furnaces have raised significant concerns. This regulation sets forth an unrealistic and unachievable timeline for manufacturers of these products to come into compliance with the standards in time. I have heard from manufacturers and retailers, like England’s Stove Works in Amherst County in my district, that it is not that they don’t want to comply with the rule, they just simply need more time. For just one wood stove, it can take up to 6 months to complete the EPA certification process. In the meantime, the availability of wood stoves—the affordability of this heating source for my constituents and other people in mostly rural areas, but other communities as well around the country, is going to go up. The BRICK Act, before the House today, includes provisions from a bill that I introduced along with Representative COLLIN PETERSON , the Relief from New Source Performance Standards Act. This provision is a simple one. It simply extends the time wood stove manufacturers have to comply with Federal regulations by 3 years. Affordable heat is important to my constituents, and Federal regulations must take into account the real world needs and time constraints of the industries that make these products and must now develop new technologies. I urge my colleagues to vote in support of this bill today to give this industry more time and ensure consumers can choose wood heat sources to help keep their families warm. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this is a good debate and discussion. It is one we had in the subcommittee; it is one we had in the full committee; and we are bringing it to the floor. It just focuses on a different way in which we view manufacturing and, really, as you heard in this debate, small manufacturers—small brick manufacturers, small wood heaters, because, as everyone knows, when you are in a big corporation, you have got lawyers and you have got—you can do an economic analysis and you can do research and development, but a lot of these folks are just small local operations, probably started by a husband and wife, probably brought on a kid and nextdoor neighbor. In my opening statement, I mentioned how, in rural America, there are not a lot of businesses, other than maybe agriculture, people coming into the town; so not only are these manufacturers, they are the backbone of these small communities. So, simply put, this bill is a combination of two. One says you really shouldn’t force someone to comply with a rule and regulation until they have fought the litigation battle, because, in the example that we are talking about today, the claimants, the manufacturers, won, where either they went out of business because they were trying to comply or they had to have this excessive cost. That is issue one. Issue two on the small wood heaters is just say they were forced to move forward in cleaner technology, increasing their environmental ability 90 percent; and we all know that the cleaner you get, the harder it is to get the last percentages. So all the folks are asking for is more time to comply. They are both bipartisan bills. I applaud folks coming down to talk and defend those. This is an exciting time in our country. It is exciting because we are having economic growth. We are having economic growth for two reasons. One, our historic tax cuts. Fifty percent of all manufacturers of the country have said they are going to invest in capital investment. Pretty exciting. There is optimism again. Wages are increasing. Benefits are increasing. You have people getting checks increasing or new growth capital expenses. There is another component of this exciting time for jobs in the economy, and this other component is easing up on the assault that the EPA has done over the past decade on our manufacturing sector and our job creators. So you put these two together, the American worker has a greater opportunity, and these are just a couple of examples of the bills we are moving today, how we can continue to make that happen. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, the bill before us today, the BRICK Act, makes commonsense adjustments to preserve small businesses and American jobs while still protecting the environment. This bill addresses the impact of regulations and policies aimed at brickmakers, and—particularly important to many in my home state, wood stoves. In many parts of Oregon, we’re surrounded by forests and affordable wood, so wood stoves are often the most economical way to heat a home or a ranch shop. Oregonians also know what a real air pollution crisis looks like, as we have recently dealt with the thick smoke from several very bad wildfires across the state. Compared to that, wood stove emissions are far from a crisis, especially now that 
they all must comply with EPA’s 2015 emissions standards. There is no reason to threaten wood heater affordability as well as industry jobs by insisting on the unworkable 2020 deadline for the next round of standards. This bill takes the sensible step of extending the deadline to 2023, thus preserving wood heater choice and affordability. Opponents of these bills have claimed that H.R. 1917 is harmful to the environment and public health protections, but I think we need to maintain a sense of perspective. Neither brickmakers nor wood heaters are a significant source of emissions, and both industries have already reduced emissions significantly due to earlier regulations that are not affected under this bill. For example, according to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the brick industry has already committed millions of dollars to install and operate controls to reduce emissions by nearly 95 percent in order to comply with previous regulations. Perhaps most importantly, this bill does not repeal any healthbased regulation—it simply makes minimal, temporal adjustments to reduce the risk of plant shutdowns, layoffs, and higher prices for consumers. We should be looking at ways to get people working, not imposing unnecessary and tough to meet regulatory timeframes that take away people’s livelihoods. We need a balanced approach. These brickmakers and wood heater manufacturers are important employers in the small communities where many are located. The data shows that there is little environmental justification for inflicting economic harm on these small businesses and their communities, and thus there is every reason to pass this bill to ensure that any such harm is avoided. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I include the following letters in the RECORD on H.R. 1917. 
THEUNITED STATES OF AMERICA , Washington, DC, March 7, 2018. TO THE MEMBERS OF THE U.S. H OUSE OF  REPRESENTATIVES : The U.S. Chamber of Commerce supports H.R. 1917, the ‘‘Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns (BRICK) Act of 2017.’’ The bill would ensure that the U.S. brick industry will not be forced to comply with the Brick Maximum Achievable Control Technology (MACT) standards for air quality issued by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) until after judicial challenges to the rule are resolved. EPA issued an earlier version of the Brick MACT rule in 2003, which required the brick industry to spend millions of dollars to purchase, install, and operate control equipment. Five years later, a court threw out the 2003 rule. Now brick companies are faced with having to pay to tear out the equipment they installed and install even more costly new equipment. Brick companies are rightfully worried that they may make the investment to comply with the 2015 rule, only to have it subsequently thrown out by a court. To avoid this unfair and wasteful outcome, H.R. 1917 would set a compliance date for the final Brick MACT rule after judicial challenges to the 2015 Brick MACT rule are completed and after any subsequent final rule is promulgated. It is important that American industries are not unfairly penalized when they are compelled to comply with costly rules that are later overturned by the courts. This wasteful and unreasonable outcome must be avoided. Sincerely, NEILL. B RADLEY . NATIONAL ASSOCIATION  
OFMANUFACTURERS , Washington, DC, March 7, 2018. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. DEARREPRESENTATIVE , The National Association of Manufacturers (NAM), the largest manufacturing association in the United States representing manufacturers in every industrial sector and in all 50 states, urges you to support H.R. 1917, the Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns Act of 2017 (BRICK Act), introduced by Representative Bill Johnson (R–OH). In September 2015, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issued final National Emissions Standards for Brick, Structural Clay Products and Clay Ceramics Manufacturing, often referred to as Brick MACT. It is estimated that this rule will collectively cost the brick industry, which is made up of predominantly small and mediumsized manufacturers, more than $100 million dollars per year. Manufacturers support reasonable environmental policies, but need regulatory certainty to ensure that the investments made today match what regulations will ultimately require. When regulations stretch beyond what the law allows, manufacturers and other stakeholders must turn to the courts for relief. Often times compliance deadlines for disputed final regulations are too short for the legal process to fully run its course and manufacturers are forced to make investments to comply with rules that courts may ultimately throw out or send back to EPA for more work. This is exactly the situation brick manufacturers find themselves in with this regulation, as EPA’s rule requires millions in new regulatory costs within a threeyear period, while the underlying regulation is being disputed in the courts—a process that could ultimately span several years H.R. 1917 is a commonsense way to approach this issue, as it simply ensures that manufacturers will have the certainty that the investments they make are based on laws that the courts have determined are appropriate and legal. The NAM strongly urges you to support H.R. 1917 Sincerely, ROSSEISENBERG . 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1917, the socalled ‘‘Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns Act of 2017.’’ This is the first in a series of dirty air proposals on the floor this week. The BRICK Act is part of the ongoing effort by Republicans to undermine the commonsense protections found in the Clean Air Act, in order to give special breaks to polluters at the expense of public health. We have seen this bill before. Last Congress we debated and voted on the BRICK Act: I opposed it then, and I oppose it now. Frankly, I have even more concerns with this legislation than I did in 2016. That is because the BRICK Act was amended by the Rules Committee to include two separate attacks on clean air safeguards. Like previous versions, this version before us today would indefinitely delay standards to reduce toxic air pollution from brick and clay manufacturers. However, it now also incorporates a separate bill that would delay longoverdue pollution standards for new wood fired heaters. The only thing these bills really have in common is that they both undermine Clean Air Act protections and endanger the health of our children. Regarding the treatment of brick and clay manufacturing facilities, the bill automatically delays implementation of EPA’s final Brick and Clay rule by extending all deadlines . . . by however long it takes to complete all possible litigation. This blanket extension would be given to all facilities covered by the final rule, without regard for the merits of the legal challenges or their final outcome. But that is not Congress’ job. The courts already have the ability to issue a ‘‘stay’’ of any compliance dates in a final rule. Delaying a rule for legitimate reasons does not require action by Congress, but a legislative quick fix is the only remedy the proponents of this bill appear to care about. By throwing out the existing judicial process, Republicans are giving polluters an incentive to ‘‘run the clock’’ on frivolous litigation, to put off ever controlling their pollution. This is especially problematic because Administrator Pruitt has announced plans to reconsider the Brick and Clay rule, which is expected to be finalized in 2019. At that point, the pollution control standards for brick and clay facilities will be almost two decades overdue, and this bill would delay those protections even longer. The new wood heater provision is not much better. The bill delays EPA’s pollution standards for new woodfueled heaters that have not been updated in nearly 30 years. The final rule included a gradual, fiveyear phase in to allow manufacturers time to adapt and develop cleaner and more efficient technologies, and the phase 2 requirements don’t kick in until 2020. These newer appliances are a win for consumers. The 2020compliant products are both cleaner and more efficient, generating more heat per unit of wood burned and making them less expensive to operate. But, with this provision, Republicans are picking winners and losers. They are rewarding companies that refused to clean up their dirty and inefficient products, while punishing innovative companies that invested in developing cleaner and more efficient technologies for wood heaters. Ultimately, the BRICK Act is really more about transferring burdens than relieving them. This socalled ‘‘relief’’ from regulation comes at the expense of our children’s health. Moreover, it doesn’t reduce costs; it merely transfers them from favored businesses to the general public who will pay for more doctor visits and lost work or school days as a result. My Republican colleagues repeatedly claim they support clean air, and yet, they continually put forward bill after bill designed to delay, weaken, or repeal safeguards that protect public health by cleaning up the air. Passing this bill allows dirty products to remain in operation for decades into the future, resulting in tons of additional pollution, and putting the health of our children and future generations at risk. Exempting businesses from clean air rules leads to more air pollution. It is that simple. We all want small businesses to thrive, and the history of the Clean Air Act demonstrates clearly that we can grow the economy while cleaning up the air and improving public health. Congress should not be selling out the health and safety of American children. But that is just what a YES vote on the BRICK Act would do. 
I urge all my colleagues to join me in opposing this dirty air bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 762, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. CASTOR of Florida. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Castor of Florida moves to recommit the bill H.R. 1917 to the Committee on Energy and Commerce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: At the end of section 3 of the bill, add the following new subsection: (c) LIMITATION ON PRIVATE PLANE TRAVEL.—Nothing in this Act may be construed to authorize the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to charter a flight, or travel in any class of air accommodation above coach class, to, in accordance with subsection (b), make such technical and conforming changes to rules and guidance documents as may be necessary to implement subsection (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CURTIS ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, my motion to recommit is simple and should garner the support of all Members who dislike government waste and abuse of power. My motion goes to the heart of the costly ethical violations by EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt and his penchant for flying first class in violation of Federal regulations and billing it to taxpayers. He has done this at a time when he has supported cuts to EPA clean water and clean air initiatives in the communities we represent back home. b1430 So my amendment is simple. It says: ‘‘Nothing in this act may be construed to authorize the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to charter a flight, or travel in any class of air accommodation above coach class.’’ See, Federal regulations right now require government officials to consider the least expensive class of travel that meets their needs. Now, agencies are allowed to travel first class in very rare instances, such as a flight of 14 hours or more, a medical disability, or for exceptional security circumstances if your life or government property is in danger. Well, Administrator Scott Pruitt has abused these exceptions. This came to light after the House Energy and Commerce Committee asked the EPA Administrator to explain his costly travel records, which showed he repeatedly booked first class flights at taxpayer expense, and he hoped no one would notice. There is no adequate justification for this wasteful spending and abuse of power by Scott Pruitt. If he enjoys flying first class and staying in luxury hotels, then he should pay for it himself and not ask the taxpayers to foot the bill. Here is what we know per press reports and committee research: last June 5, Pruitt settled into his $1,641 first class seat for a short flight from D.C. to New York. The ticket cost more than 6 times that of the two media aides who traveled along with him and sat in coach. In Manhattan, Administrator Pruitt made two brief television appearances praising the White House’s decision to withdraw from the 2015 Paris climate agreement. He stayed in an upscale hotel near Times Square and returned to Washington the next day. That Wednesday, after traveling on Air Force One for an infrastructure event in Cincinnati, Pruitt and several staffers raced back to New York on a military jet, at the cost of $36,000, to then catch a plane to Rome. The transatlantic flight was part of a roundtrip ticket for the Administrator that cost over $7,000, according to EPA records, several times what was paid for other officials who went. In total, the taxpayerfunded travel for Pruitt and his top aides during that stretch in June cost at least $90,000, thanks to the Environmental Integrity Project, which got the records. His travel practices are quite different from previous EPA Administrators’, who very rarely traveled first class and always announced their travel schedule to the public. But Scott Pruitt’s travel is different. It is secretive, it is costly, and it is frequent. In fact, we have come to learn that this year he plans to travel to Israel, Australia, Japan, Mexico, and possibly Canada. None of those have been officially announced, but we have been digging. Pruitt rarely discloses where he plans to be. So, at the request of congressional Democrats, the EPA’s Office of Inspector General is conducting probes of Pruitt’s travel. He has attempted to justify his luxury travel by noting that he has been approached by people in the airport numerous times to talk about his environmental record. However, it is unclear why this justifies purchasing first class tickets. These new justifications also contradict previous explanations of this questionable travel as a way of providing an opportunity to hear directly from people affected by the EPA. The Administrator simply prefers to be wasteful with taxpayer dollars. We have asked about other conflicts of interest. He has continually sided with dirty energy and chemical companies, so it is no matter that members of the public would like to discuss these pressing issues with him. According to the Environmental Integrity Project, new travel records shared with the media show Pruitt and EPA employees spent up to $150,000 on premium commercial and chartered flights just in a 6month period. So, Mr. Speaker, Administrator Pruitt says he will start flying coach after all the attention it has garnered, but he hasn’t promised to do so. Through this motion to recommit, we would like to make it permanent. We would like to hold him accountable. And for anyone who would like to eliminate waste in government and make sure that our officials do not abuse their power, it is time to adopt this amendment, and I urge Congress to do so. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, a Member uses a motion to instruct or recommit to change or amend the bill. I don’t think we build and use bricks to make our airplanes, and I don’t think we power our planes with wood heaters. So what is the deal with this motion to instruct and recommit? It is just purely politics, and it is not surprising. Why? Well, because Democrats want to distort us from our economic success of the Republican agenda. And it is built on two foundational principles. One is the very successful tax reform and bill that we passed in December. And Americans are seeing it. Fifty percent of all manufacturers around the country are going to invest in capital expansion. People have bigger paychecks now. They are getting bonuses. In fact, I was on the floor last night with Illinoisans. We were reading stories from constituents about the benefits they are receiving, either in less money being taken out on taxes or increase in wages; trucking companies expanding. So it is an incredible success of optimism when we have been in an economic malaise for the past 8 years. And that is the kind of society I want to live in. I want to live in a society where, when my kids enter the workforce, there is a job there. And I want them to say: If I work hard and play by the rules, man, there is an opportunity for me. And that is what is coming back. There is another component to this economic success, and that is calling 
off the EPA dogs who have been attacking the job creators in our country over the past 8 years. Ease the regulatory burden, provide historic tax relief, excitement in the economy, new jobs, new energy. So I understand why my opponents on the other side would like to distort us from this record. This motion to recommit is purely politics to do that, so that is why I ask my colleagues to reject the motion to recommit and, once we do that, support the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 38 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1600 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DONOVAN ) at 4 p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 234, noes 180, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 15, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Barr Bridenstine Ca´rdenas Cramer Cummings Hice, Jody B. Lieu, Ted Nolan Pearce Poe (TX) Polis Scalise SheaPorter Slaughter Smith (TX) 
b1632 Mr. O’HALLERAN changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. GOWDY changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 98 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 99. 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. f 
RECOGNIZING THE IMPORTANT ROLE OF THE YMCA IN COMMUNITIES NATIONWIDE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about an institution that influences our Nation’s culture and helps our people and communities to learn, grow, and thrive. That organization is the YMCA. The Y engages more than 10,000 neighborhoods across the United States. By nurturing the potential of every child and teen, improving the Nation’s health and wellbeing, and supporting and serving its neighbors, the Y ensures that everyone has the opportunity to become healthier, more confident, connected, and secure. The Y was founded in 1844 in London by George Williams. He organized the first Young Men’s Christian Association meeting: a refuge of Bible study and prayer for young men seeking escape from the dangers of life on the streets. The fellowship and sense of community was compelling. Years later, Thomas Valentine Sullivan was inspired by the stories of the Y and founded the first U.S. YMCA in Boston in 1851. Since then, the Y has been strengthening communities across the Nation. It brings people together, regardless of age, income, or background, and helps everyone reach their full potential. For that, Mr. Speaker, I am grateful. 
GATEWAY PROJECT FUNDING (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao testified before the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. Secretary Chao acknowledged that President Trump is personally intervening to prevent Federal funding of the Gateway Project, which is the Nation’s most critical infrastructure project. Mr. Speaker, the Gateway Project would rebuild the crumbling rail infrastructure that connects New York and New Jersey, a key point in Amtrak and the Northeast corridor’s rail line between New Jersey and New York and, also, 415 trains that go through those tunnels each day. New York and New Jersey have promised billions of dollars towards the project, but President Trump is actively undermining Gateway. As anyone who had plans to travel by Amtrak or by rail during last week’s cyclone knows, the transHudson track 
infrastructure connects not just the two States, but the entire region between Boston and Washington, D.C. Because Gateway is so important to everyone in the Northeast, a substantial Federal commitment is necessary to make this project a reality. The Gateway Project is far too important to be left unfunded. Gateway should not be sacrificed because of President Trump’s political animosity. 
RECOGNIZING JESSICA MELNIK FOR HER WORK IN FIGHTING AGAINST SEX TRAFFICKING (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Jessica Melnik, a junior at Hopkins High School and the founder of a studentrun nonprofit, Girls United Minnesota, for her work fighting against sex trafficking. Jessica, along with fellow members of Girls United Minnesota, took action to spread awareness after they observed a fellow classmate who was a target of sex trafficking. They soon realized that Minnesota ranks 13th in the Nation for its prevalence of sexual exploitation and they stepped forward to do something about it. Girls United Minnesota started by working with local law enforcement and nonprofits to organize public awareness events throughout our community. Jessica and her friends are also working with State legislators in Minnesota to expand education on sex trafficking in schools and create more resources for the victims of sexual exploitation. Mr. Speaker, the determination and the hard work of Jessica and her classmates at Girls United Minnesota is nothing short of inspiring, and their impact is literally helping to save lives. 
CONGRATULATING TRINI GARZA HIGH SCHOOL (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Trini Garza High School for earning the designation of National Title I Distinguished School for the 2016–2017 school year. This exclusive designation is given to highpoverty schools that excel in either student performance or for its work to close the achievement gap. Garza, with a student body that is 86 percent economically disadvantaged, was one of 34 schools across the Nation to be praised ‘‘for its exceptional student performance for two or more consecutive years.’’ Garza’s designation would not be possible without the strong partnerships of its educators, parents, students, and the Oak Cliff community in Dallas. Each of you have made sure that we are doing our part to empower our future leaders with the tools they need to succeed. Congratulations, Trini Garza High School, for your welldeserved recognition. f 
VIETNAMESE OF LINCOLN (Mr. FORTENBERRY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I recently had the opportunity to join the Lincoln Vietnamese community in the celebration of the Vietnamese New Year, the Year of the Dog. I celebrated this special occasion at St. Andrew DungLac and Companions Catholic Church in Lincoln, where I live, and I participated in the Catholic mass, followed by a community festival complete with traditional dragon dancers. I would like to thank Father Joseph Nguyen and the parish community for their generosity and hospitality. Mr. Speaker, there are nearly 2 million persons of Vietnamese descent living in America. My hometown of Lincoln has become home for nearly 10,000 Vietnamese Americans, some of whom faced the trauma of persecution, escape, open seas, refugee camps, and, finally, resettlement in a new home. Our vibrant, wellrespected Vietnamese community has become an integral part of Lincoln’s cultural traditions and adds to our capital city’s vibrant tapestry. Vietnamese is the third most commonly spoken language in the Cornhusker State, and I have actively encouraged the youth to keep the great tradition alive. Mr. Speaker, it is not advisable to try a language that you don’t speak, but to my Vietnamese friends, I would like to try: ‘‘thank you,’’ ‘‘cam o’n ban.’’ 
REMEMBERING FRANK HESS (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember my neighbor and longtime friend, Frank Hess, who formerly served as special assistant to the legendary New York State Assembly member Denny Farrell, who, for many years, chaired the prestigious Ways and Means Committee. Frank was known for his cowboy hats and brutal honesty. He devoted his life to public service and spent almost 30 years in government. He was a devoted godfather, uncle, and father figure to anyone in the community who knew him. He once called 20 stores and drove for 2 hours to try to find a pair of shoes for his niece. Frank was a devoted person to his family and his community. Through his lifetime devotion to public service, he made sure Washington Heights was a better place for all of us. Frank could accomplish anything he set his mind to and he could unite different groups of people despite any racial, ethnic, or religious differences. He lived his life demonstrating what it means to be a contributing citizen and to serve as a role model for those, like myself, who were fortunate to know him. I will miss Frank Hess. He will forever be missed by our community. f 
b1645 HONORING THE LIFE OF DANA GARDNER (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Dana Gardner, who attended the Route 91 music festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Dana worked for San Bernardino County, California, for 26 years in the AssessorRecorder Office. When she went home for the day, she always made sacrifices for her three children and two grandchildren. She wanted to make sure that her kids understood the importance of loving and caring for all humans. She did this through her actions as a dedicated public servant. Dana was an amazing cook who had just begun to travel more and spend more time with her friends. She had a contagious smile and a great sense of humor that could light up a room. She is remembered by all those who knew her as a goto person with a lot of knowledge and a cando attitude. I would like to extend my condolences to Dana Gardner’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
SISTER MARY SCULLION (Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge a distinguished Philadelphian who will be leading our city’s annual St. Patrick’s Day parade as grand marshal, Sister Mary Scullion. Sister Mary is a towering figure and a driving force for social change in Philadelphia. She belongs to the Sisters of Mercy, the third largest congregation of Sisters in Philadelphia, and is the cofounder of Project HOME, an influential nonprofit that seeks to break the cycle of homelessness. Since 1989, Sister Mary’s organization has helped provide shelter to the homeless, set up programs for atrisk youth across the city, and organized wellness and healthcare services. She has also been a leader at the city, State, and Federal level to bring about awareness and muchneeded funding to address the root causes of homelessness. As a religious and community leader, Sister Mary has become a household 
name in Philadelphia and a champion for the voiceless in our city. It is fitting that she has been selected to lead this year’s St. Patrick’s Day parade, and I rise to commend her on her lifetime of devoted service. 
ANNIVERSARY OF BLOODY SUNDAY (Ms. JAYAPAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, today is the 53rd anniversary of Bloody Sunday. This is the day that our incredible colleague, Congressman JOHN LEWIS, and Dr. Martin Luther King led 600 marchers from Selma to Montgomery. They didn’t get very far. At the Edmund Pettus Bridge, they were viciously attacked by Alabama State Troopers wielding clubs and were beaten and left bloodied. Last weekend, I had the incredible honor of joining Congressman JOHN LEWIS and a bipartisan group of Members in a pilgrimage to Montgomery, Birmingham, Selma, and Memphis. I had many epiphanies on that trip, but perhaps two were most profound. First, that determined and disciplined nonviolent resistance works. Back then, 53 years ago, it led to the passage of the Voting Rights Act. And, second, that we in this body have a critical responsibility to ensure that we move forward and not backward on voting rights. Our trip was amazing. One of the best experiences of my life, actually. I hope that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will join next year. We heard incredible stories of abiding love, even for adversaries that had left people without much dignity. Newer activists of all ages are reimagining these same nonviolent methods for the world that we are in today. Today, as we commemorate the 50th anniversary of the assassination of the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King on April 4, let us recommit ourselves to restoring and strengthening the Voting Rights Act and making sure that we continue to protect these critical rights in our country. 
RECOGNIZING ROME ELKS LODGE #96 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FITZPATRICK ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. TENNEY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Rome Elks. Hailing from Rome Elks Lodge #96 on Liberty Street, our hometown Elks truly embody the mission the Elks National Foundation has been committed to for over 140 years. For generations, Elks around the Nation have dedicated themselves to building strong communities and lending a helping hand to their fellow neighbors. Today I would like to recognize an outstanding group of hometown Elks who have made the journey from Oneida County to visit us here in Washington: Donna Townsend; Whitney Cook; Mary Bielby; and retired captain of the Rome Police Department, John Bielby. Our Elks in Rome and around the country help our youth develop lifelong skills, assist students who are attending college, support charitable work in their communities, and care for our local veterans. However, Rome Elks are unique to all other Elks in the country. In addition to the honorable work of the Elks, Rome Elks also carry out the longstanding tradition of caring for the gravesite of a historic Rome native, Sir Francis Bellamy. Some of you may not know it, but Sir Francis Bellamy is the author of our uniquely American tradition, the Pledge of Allegiance. Francis Bellamy was born in Mount Morris, New York, attended our Rome public schools, and graduated from Rome Free Academy, affectionately known as RFA, in 1872. Every day throughout our country, in public and parochial schools; at Boy Scout and Girl Scout meetings; at American Legions and all fraternal and patriotic organizations; in government, including here in our Nation’s Capitol, millions of Americans recite the Pledge of Allegiance. The Pledge of Allegiance reminds our citizenry of the notion of what it means to be American. We pledge allegiance to this great experiment; to our constitutional Republic, a nation that reveres freedoms, individual rights, and liberty. We pledge allegiance to our country’s historic JudeoChristian values. Bellamy wrote the Pledge of Allegiance in 1892 at the age of 37. During his time working as a writer for a magazine called ‘‘The Youth’s Companion,’’ a family magazine that, at the time, had 500,000 subscribers, Bellamy was tasked with creating a patriotic school program to honor the 400th anniversary of Christopher Columbus’ arrival to America. Through this assignment, the Pledge of Allegiance, as we know it today, took shape. At a trying time in our Nation’s history, Francis Bellamy captured so elegantly and simply America’s unity and loyalty. With only a sentence, Bellamy ultimately symbolized America’s ability to surpass all internal differences. It is the manifestation of our patriotic conscience and it is recognized throughout our Nation. Francis Bellamy’s spirit pervades in Rome to this day, especially during patriotic holidays, like Flag Day. On Flag Day, the Rome Elks replace the two American flags that fly over Sir Francis Bellamy’s gravesite. These annual ceremonies are a dedication to the patriotic principles that our flag has stood for since it was first adopted in 1777. In 2008, the Rome Elks started a significant renovation project on Bellamy’s gravesite, and completed it 1 year later, just in time to rededicate it for Flag Day. In addition to their work in honoring Sir Francis Bellamy and the American flag, the Rome Elks are also well known for their commitment to helping our local veterans. Recently, the Rome Elks held a fundraiser to raise money for therapy dogs for veterans through a local organization called Clear Path for Vets. As part of the fundraiser, the Rome Elks took flags that had flown over Sir Francis Bellamy’s gravesite and removed the stars and stripes. They then individually separated and added a slip of paper with the words ‘‘This little star is proud to say I flew over Bellamy’s grave.’’ The Rome Elks call this project ‘‘Stars Over Bellamy.’’ They started with 300 of these little packets, but quickly added 200 more when they realized how popular this projects was. To date, the Rome Elks have raised over $1,000 for this fundraising effort. One of the most touching aspects is that every veteran that a Rome Elks member comes across receives one of these stars for free as a thankyou for their years of service. I was lucky enough to be able to purchase a star for myself and a few others for my son, who is currently serving in the Marine Corps. It is a constant reminder for me of the legacy Francis Bellamy left for our country, as well as the patriotic principles I as a member of the Ilion Elks Lodge #1444—a nearby Elks Lodge down the street—have come to live by. These are just a few examples of the hard work and devotion that the Rome Elks show for their community. The Rome Elks bring so much more to the community than just a building. Although it is a beautiful, historic building on Liberty Street—aptly named—in Rome, New York, they invest in programs that help children grow up healthy and drugfree, meet the needs of today’s veterans, and improve the quality of life for our area. As I mentioned, as a member of the nearby Ilion Elks Lodge #1444, I am proud to know and work with so many outstanding Elks and members throughout our region. I also am excited to participate in our benevolent Elks Lodge, which has a motorcycle ride each year, where we travel to each of the Elks Lodges and raise money for charities that help many of our veterans in need. So I just want to say, if you happen to be visiting our region, take the time to stop by one of our wonderful Elks Lodges. They have weekly events. Particularly in the Rome Elks Lodge, they have Tuesday Wing Night, Wednesday Night Spaghetti Supper, Fish Fry Friday, or one of our special events on the weekends or holidays. It is really a beautiful and wonderful time to meet and have fellowship with a community that is so patriotic and so devoted to our Nation. Today I urge all my colleagues and anyone watching at home to thank 
Elks Lodges from around our Nation for the tremendous work they do for our communities, especially our veterans. Or, better yet, take the opportunity to volunteer at an Elks Lodge or consider joining an Elks Lodge. They do so much great benevolent work for our communities. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
GUN VIOLENCE IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Maryland? There was no objection. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I want to thank the distinguished Congresswoman from New York for her comments about Francis Bellamy, the great Christian abolitionist and socialist who authored America’s Pledge of Allegiance. He was a great patriot who wanted to unify the country in the wake of the Civil War during the Reconstruction Period. We, indeed, owe him a great debt of gratitude for everything he did for America. Mr. Speaker, I want to talk about a matter of pressing importance and urgency to the people of America today. It is the question of gun violence and what Congress is doing about the problem of gun violence. I want to start by invoking something that all of the schoolchildren of America know about, which is the idea of a social contract. You can go back and read John Locke or Thomas Hobbes, or Rousseau, but all of them began with the idea that, in the state of nature, we are all in a dangerous and perilous condition because there is no law. It is the rule of the jungle. Hobbes said that the state of nature was a condition that was solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short. Because of that, people enter into civil society to create a government. The first principle of government is that we have got to protect our people. As Cicero put it, the safety and good of the people must be the highest law. That is why we have a social contract. But, Mr. Speaker, in America today, our social contract is bruised and battered and damaged and tenuous because of the gun violence which has come to our public schools, to our universities, to our churches, to our movie theaters, to the public square. America’s high school students have woken us up to the fact that this is not a normal condition. America is an absolute outlier nation in terms of the levels of gun violence that we permit to take place in our own society. Our social contract is threatened by the gun violence that is a menace to every single American citizen. Now, we have a social contract, we have got a social covenant, and it is the Constitution of the United States. We know that we have an amendment in there which deals specifically with the question of guns, the Second Amendment, which says: ‘‘A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.’’ That is the Second Amendment. b1700 Now, some people would have us believe that, because of the Second Amendment, there is nothing that we can do about the problem of gun violence. If you remember nothing else about what I am about to say, please remember this: this is demonstrably, absolutely, categorically false, and we know it is false because the Supreme Court has told us that it is false. In its 2008 decision in District of Columbia v. Heller, the Supreme Court adopted the individual rights view of the Second Amendment. There was a contest between those who said, no, you only have a right to bear arms in connection with militia service versus those who said that it is an individual right. The individual right won in a 5– 4 decision. But in the course of making that 5–4 decision, the majority on the Supreme Court agreed, readily, that the right to bear arms is one that can be conditioned on all kinds of regulation by the government. That is true of all of the rights in the Bill of Rights. Think about the First Amendment, which guarantees all of us the right to speak. You have a right to go protest across the street from the White House, but do you have the right to go protest across the street from the White House at 2 in the morning with 20,000 people without getting a permit? Of course, you do not. The Supreme Court has said that the exercise of First Amendment rights is conditioned by reasonable time, place, and manner restrictions. And in the same sense, the Second Amendment right to keep and to bear arms is conditioned on reasonable time, place, manner, and use restrictions by the government. We know that to be the case. The Supreme Court told us that in Heller. In Heller, the Court said everybody has a right to the possession of a handgun for purposes of selfdefense; everybody’s got a right to a rifle for purposes of hunting and recreation. But nobody’s got a right to possess a machine gun, even though someone might describe it as an arm; nobody’s got a right to possess a sawedoff shotgun, much less does anybody have a right to access a weapon without going through a background check, without going through the government’s policy for determining that you are not going to be a danger to yourself or to other people. The Supreme Court was very clear about that. Those people who were out there saying, ‘‘We can’t allow any gun safety regulation or we are going to lose the right to have guns, our guns are going to be taken away,’’ are engaging in a knowing falsehood. There is no way that the guns of the people of America—the hundreds of millions of guns that are out there—could be confiscated. They can’t be confiscated. People have a right to them for purposes of selfdefense and for purposes of hunting and recreation, but it doesn’t give you a right to an AR–15. It doesn’t give you a right to carry weapons of war into public schools and into movie theaters and into public places, and it does not give you the right to access guns without a background check, yet that is precisely what the law is today. We have a huge gaping loophole where terrorists can go to a gun show and simply buy a gun without any background check at all. Now, here is the good news that people want to keep from you. We have great news, America. Mr. Speaker, we know there is good news, and here is the good news. We have a consensus about what to do in America, starting with a universal criminal and mental background check, supported by, no longer, 95 percent of the American people. In the wake of the Parkland massacre, it is 97 percent of the people who think that you should not be able to access a weapon without first passing a background check. That is the vast majority of the people, maybe almost a unanimous verdict by the American people. Almost everybody believes that we need to close the gun show loophole, we need to close the internet gun sale loophole, we need to close the 7–Eleven parking lot loophole, and we need to close the loophole that would allow criminals and gangsters and terrorists to go to a gun show and purchase a gun. Ninetyseven percent of the American people agree with that. Sixtyseven percent of the American people agree with the call of the young people who survived the massacre in Parkland, which took the lives of 17 students and teachers, the call for a ban on assault weapons. Sixtyseven percent of the American people, more than twothirds of the American people, agree with a ban on the sale of militarystyle assault weapons. And 75 percent of the American people say that Congress must be acting to reduce gun violence. So we have a consensus over what to do. But what is happening now? Well, I serve on the House Judiciary Committee, Mr. Speaker, and we had a vote today that had nothing to do with guns. It was about collecting data on 
bail policies, which is not to say that that is unimportant; but, seriously, millions of people in America are demanding action from Congress, and we can’t even have a hearing on the problem of people accessing assault weapons and going to public schools and assassinating our school children at pointblank range. Now, I had the good fortune of meeting some of the young people from Parkland who have awoken the conscience of the country. One of them was asked a question: Why, suddenly, is America waking up in the wake of the Parkland massacre, which took the lives of 17 people, but it didn’t in the same way after the massacre in Newtown, Connecticut, at Sandy Hook, which took the lives of even more people, 26 people? She had a fascinating answer. She said: Most of the people killed at Sandy Hook were first graders, and first graders can’t start a revolution against the political power of the NRA; but high school students know how to do it because they understand how to contact people, and they know social media. They know Facebook and Twitter, and they have enough education so that they can speak with authority about the recklessness and the negligence of government not addressing the problem. Congress now is the outlier. Congress will not act. Are we a failed state such that when more than 95 percent of the American people agree that something needs to be done, Congress cannot act? Are we abandoning our social contract? Are we abandoning our primary commitment to defend the lives of our own people? Well, it is a very serious moment. We are having our Special Order hour on the problem of gun violence, the failure of Congress to act, but the need for Congress to act. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my distinguished colleague from the State of Washington (Ms. JAYAPAL ), with whom I serve on the House Judiciary Committee. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman RASKIN for his leadership on the Progressive Caucus and for his leadership on the Judiciary Committee. Nobody understands the Constitution better than a constitutional law professor. I appreciate you bringing the reality of the situation to us. Nobody is talking about trying to take guns away from everybody. We are talking about making sure that we have safety with anybody who owns a gun and that we have the ability to check any of the dangerous contexts for which guns can be used. We have a responsibility, really, to protect our country, to protect our young people, and to do something for all of the families that have been affected by gun violence. In addition to all of the things that he mentioned, we need to consider gun violence as a public health crisis. That is what it is. And when we look around at the millions of people who are dying from gun violence, you think about this, and you think about the way in which we treated vehicle fatalities as a public health crisis and we instituted laws around seatbelts, and the way we thought about smoking as a public health crisis and we instituted laws around smoking. But, in order to do that, we had to first do research into those areas and figure out what were the best ways for us to move forward as a country in preventing those kinds of fatalities that are preventable. Unfortunately, what happened in this country is that Congressman Dickey, some time ago, passed an amendment called the Dickey amendment. While it didn’t explicitly prohibit research into gun violence, it all but did that. There have now been many, many calls to repeal the Dickey amendment. Interestingly, Congressman Dickey passed away last year, last April. Before he died, in 2012, he actually came out on the record and said that he wished he hadn’t been so reactionary, that he wished he hadn’t passed that amendment, because he realized that it did lead to a chilling effect on research into gun safety. The way that it did that is, when they passed the amendment, it essentially said that no Federal funds should be used for advocacy, but, at the same time, the amount of funds that were used for research were cut by exactly that amount. So this is not about advocacy; this is about how do we protect our country, how do we treat this as what it is: a public health crisis. Mr. Speaker, I am here to say that I am really proud of my home State of Washington. Just yesterday, we became the latest State to ban bump stocks. And we also had a senate committee pass a bill to mandate that people purchasing rifles go through the same background checks required for pistol purchases and that we increase the legal age to buy rifles to 21. So, in less than a month, my home State has finally advanced meaningful proposals to prevent gun violence. I wish I could say that we were doing that here in Congress. I truly believe that there are Members on both sides of the aisle who would like to pass sensible gun safety regulations and legislation. Unfortunately, I feel like we are being held hostage not by the reasons that we all came to Congress to get sensible things done that protect our constituencies, but by lobbying interests in the National Rifle Association; and every time there is a small movement towards progress, somehow they come in and, essentially, squash those efforts. In October of last year, Congress stood by after 58 people were killed and over 500 injured at a music festival in Las Vegas. One of my constituent’s, Zach Elmore, sister was shot. Luckily, she was one of the lucky ones who survived the shooting. I read a letter on the floor that Zach had read to me—it was an incredibly moving letter—about his deep anger and frustration at Congress for not protecting his sister and millions like her, those who were not as lucky as she was. In November, Congress failed to act, after 26 people were killed and 20 injured at a church in Sutherland Springs, Texas; and then a few weeks ago, on Valentine’s Day, as we all know, 14 students and 3 teachers were killed, and 15 injured, at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida. Already, in 2018 alone, there have been 2,581 deaths because of gun violence, including those precious lives that were lost at Parkland; 105 of those deaths were children ages 11 and under. Let me just say that one more time: 105 of the 2,581 deaths, this year alone, were children ages 11 and under. As Members of Congress, we need to make sure our kids are safe. I am so grateful to the energy and the commitment and the passion and the smarts and the organizing strength of the Parkland students, because, as you say, they were not first graders who couldn’t organize for themselves. They are students who are soon going to be voters. And they understand that they can’t vote right now, but they also understand that they do have a voice, their parents’ vote, and they can make sure that people across the country understand that we have a responsibility to them, to our children, to the people across the country who are afraid of sending their kids to school. That should be our number one priority is keeping our kids safe. Our kids should be able to walk into schools knowing that they can fully focus on learning. Our parents shouldn’t have to wonder whether their kids will come home from school. My heart goes out to the families that lost someone in the Parkland shooting and all of the shootings across the country. I am proud to stand alongside incredible young people who wasted no time to demand action and justice for their friends and teachers. They are determined, they are brave, they are unafraid, and they are depending on us to pass meaningful legislation to end gun violence. One of the interesting things that I heard them say when I met with them is: We are not looking for the whole package. We just want to see steps along the way that show us that it is possible for us, on a bipartisan basis, to make some progress on this critical issue, to make sure that no child, no parent, no community, ever again, has to experience the unspeakable tragedy of another school shooting. I am tired of seeing men, women, and children die because the gun lobby puts profit over people. That is not, as Mr. RASKIN so eloquently said, what our Founders intended by the right to bear arms. Support for stricter measures to prevent gun violence is at an alltime 
high, on a bipartisan basis. Eighty seven percent of gun owners and 74 percent of NRA members support commonsense solutions like criminal background checks. I have a plea for gun owners across the country. My husband used to be a hunter. We had guns at home. And I understand the need for people to have guns for recreational purposes, to ensure their own safety. But this is not about that. It is not about taking guns away from people, who legitimately exercise responsible behavior. It is about making sure that we have the protections in place so that no more children, no more people die. b1715 So here is my plea for gun owners: urge the NRA to represent your views, show them that you mean business, maybe even consider terminating your NRA membership if the organization continues to advocate against these kinds of sensible gun reforms. Here in Congress, I hope that we act now. I really truly believe—and I have talked to some of my Republican colleagues who also want to do something about this. They don’t want to be hamstrung. They want to move legislation forward, but not by attaching legislation that actually loosens gun restrictions into legislation that helps us. We need just one or two pieces of commonsense gun reform legislation so that we can show these young people that we are responding to their pleas: no more shootings in schools, no more shootings in places of worship, no more shootings in our streets, no more mass shootings, period. Let’s show these students and students at schools across the country that we are not afraid to protect them. Let’s show them that we can choose our country over the gun lobby. Let’s stand with our kids. Let’s pass commonsense gun violence prevention legislation. Mr. Speaker, I join Mr. RASKIN in hoping that in the Judiciary Committee, which is the committee of record for this issue, that we can at least have some hearings on this. What is so problematic about having a hearing on public health research into gun violence? What is so problematic about having a hearing on multiple pieces of legislation that have bipartisan support? Isn’t that what we are supposed to do? I know that is why I came here. I am a first term Member, and I know our speaker is as well, and I believe that we have much more in common than we do that divides us. We don’t have to necessarily tackle every piece of this, but let’s make some substantial progress forward together, and let’s show our students that we will protect them. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman again for his leadership. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, we are so grateful for Congresswoman PRAMILA  JAYAPAL from Washington, for her powerful leadership and her lucid discussion today of the gun violence problem. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for placing emphasis on the fact that we have had no hearings in our Congress since we arrived here more than a year ago on the problem of gun violence in the House Judiciary Committee. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for placing emphasis on the Dickey amendment, which forbids the expenditure of any public money even to research the epidemiology of gun violence and gun violence epidemics in the way that certain outbreaks of gun violence and mass shootings will trigger others. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman also for placing emphasis on the fact that the Newtown families who come to lobby in Washington, the families from Parkland, just want to see us break the logjam; they just want to see us end the paralysis and do something. And why not start with the thing that is backed by more than 9 out of 10 Americans, a universal criminal and mental background check so that people who are carrying guns in America are the lawful gun owners who can do it responsibly? That is something that the overwhelming majority of American people believe in, yet this Congress seems to be completely stuck, totally hamstrung. Mr. Speaker, please help us dislodge this legislation. Now, Congresswoman JAYAPAL  praised her home State of Washington, rightfully, for the actions they have taken recently to ban the bump stocks and to pass other commonsense gun safety reforms. I would like to talk about what has happened in my home State, the great State of Maryland, which is touching Washington, D.C., where we all are right now. In 2013, after the catastrophe took place in Newtown, Connecticut, at Sandy Hook, where an AR–15 was used to assassinate 26 people at pointblank range, we acted in Maryland. We passed a ban on the sale of militarystyle assault weapons. We passed a ban on highcapacity magazines. We gave our State police the right to engage in frequent and unannounced inspections of the gun dealers so that bad apple gun dealers couldn’t be dealing firearms directly into the underground. Then we said if a firearm is lost or stolen, it has got to be reported within 48 hours, and if not, that is a misdemeanor, because what was happening was they were selling guns to criminals, they would surface in a homicide investigation 10 months later, we would trace it back to the gun dealers, and the dealers would say: Oh, yeah. That was stolen. We forgot to report it. Or they would say: We lost that, but, yeah, we never filed a report. So now, in our State, you have got to file a report—commonsense gun safety supported by people across the spectrum—so we don’t have a leaky system where guns are getting into the wrong hands. Now, our opponents on this, of course, marched and protested and said they were opposed to all of it. They said this was an attempt to confiscate everybody’s guns, which, of course, it was not. And responsible lawabiding gun owners have all the guns that they had before, they have still got them, but it was challenged in court. They said it violated the Second Amendment. I raise it because I want America to notice this. They sued in the United States District Court in Maryland, and they lost. And the court said, reading the District of Columbia v. Heller decision in 2008, that the Second Amendment permits reasonable gun safety regulation that does not infringe on the fundamental right to bear arms for selfdefense or to have rifles for hunting or recreation, but there is no right for civilians to be carrying military style hardware and weaponry in public. They appealed it to the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals. The Fourth Circuit affirmed the ruling of the district court. Then they brought it to the United States Supreme Court, and the Supreme Court let that ruling stand. So there is a perfect example of how you can enact reasonable gun safety regulation and it doesn’t infringe anybody’s Second Amendment rights and it doesn’t impinge on the right of reasonable, lawabiding gun owners to have guns for lawful purposes. So why are we involved in this terrible, atrocious situation where we have rates of death and fatality and injury greater than six times higher than any other modern industrialized country on Earth? In the U.K., it is less than 50 people a year who die by gun; in Japan, it is less than 50 or 60 people a year. We are losing tens of thousands of Americans every year. Is it because we have mental illness and they don’t? No. They have got mental illness, too. Is it because Americans are more violent than other people? I don’t think so. It is simply because of the ready access to firearms wherever you go, and anybody can get them almost anywhere. Okay? So we need to follow the rest of the world in terms of enacting reasonable gun safety legislation. Now, we have got our Second Amendment, so nobody’s handguns are going to get taken away. The Supreme Court said it in the Heller decision and reaffirmed that 2 years later, that it applies not just in the District of Columbia directly against Congress, but it applies in the States, in a case that came out of Chicago. So we know that nobody’s handguns are going to be taken away and nobody’s rifles are going to be taken away. All we are talking about is keeping our children and our grandchildren 
safe; keeping people safe at concerts, like in Las Vegas; keeping people safe in church, like in South Carolina; keeping people safe in their public schools, like in Parkland, Florida; keeping college students safe, like at Virginia Tech. That is what we are talking about doing. Now, we don’t know why Congress won’t act. Some people are starting to hypothesize that America has become a failed state, that we can’t respond to an almost unanimous demand by our own people to legislate in the interests of public safety, which is the most elementary requirement of a civilized society under a social contract. Some people say we have become a failed state, like failed states we see around the world. You know that authoritarianism is on the march all over the world, whether it is in Putin’s Russia or Duterte’s Philippines or Orban’s Hungary or Erdogan’s Turkey, where it is all about enriching the people in power—ignoring the needs of the people, ignoring the rights of the people, but instead, using government as a moneymaking operation for a tiny group of people. Have we become a failed state? Is that what we are? I don’t think we are a failed state. We have had other periods in American history where Congress has refused to deal with pressing public policy problems. One of the most famous ones, beginning in the 1830s, was when a proslavery faction within Congress said it would refuse to have any hearings at all and would refuse to entertain any petitions against slavery from anywhere in the country. It was a direct assault on the right to petition Congress for redress of grievances, it was a direct assault on the freedom of speech, but they imposed this stranglehold on Congress so there could be no debate on the most pressing issue of the day. Now, I am not likening slavery to gun violence. Okay? I want to be clear about that. But I am saying that there are other times in American history where Congress has acted as a chokehold against the ventilation of serious public concerns and grievances. There have been times when Congress has refused to engage in debate, discussion, and analysis of the most pressing problems of the day, and that is where we are right now on gun violence. All we are saying, Mr. Speaker, to the majority in Congress, is let’s have some hearings on this, let’s have some hearings on a universal criminal and mental background check being demanded by nearly every American right now. Let’s start with that. Is that one thing we can all agree on, that there should be a background check before people go out and obtain weapons of war that they then carry into the hallways and the schoolrooms of our country? Can we have a hearing on that? If you don’t want to vote for it, you can stand up with the 1 or 2 percent of the people who are against it, but allow those of us who want to represent the 97 or 98 percent of the people who are for it to have a vote, because we don’t think that terrorists and criminals should be able to go to a gun show and purchase firearms, including AR–15s, without a criminal background check. We don’t think that. So, Mr. Speaker, we have got a consensus in America on this. Let’s not stifle the consensus. Let’s not choke off the ability of the American people and their representatives to govern. That is why we were sent here, to legislate. The essence of legislation is hearings. We have to hear the American people, we have to hear the experts, we have to collect the evidence. We have got to overturn the ban on the collection of statistics about gun violence that was imposed a few decades ago on the CDC. We have got to collect the information, and we have to act. The time for just prayers and meditation about the problem is long gone, as the young people from Parkland, Florida, have told us. They were told in the wake of the massacre: It is too early to start debating gun policy. They turned around, and they said: No. It is too late to be debating gun policy. This should have been done after Las Vegas. It should have been done after San Bernardino County. It should have been done after the Sandy Hook massacre. It should have been done after Virginia Tech. How many more massacres do we have to await before this Congress decides something really must be done? How many more massacres? That is what America is asking us, Mr. Speaker. Please, let’s do our job. We have sworn an oath to the American people. Let’s go and represent the public will, let’s make it consistent with the Second Amendment, because it is very easy to do so. We proved it in the State of Maryland, and the Supreme Court has told us we can pass reasonable commonsense gun safety measures without violating anyone’s rights. We have got a consensus in America. In Congress, we have got to do our job and let that consensus become the law. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
WE MUST PROTECT THE SOVEREIGNTY OF OUR NATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. PERLMUTTER ) for 30 minutes. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Chair for the opportunity to address the House and people across the country. I am joined today by two of my friends, JARED HUFFMAN , Congressman from northern California; and DANKILDEE, Congressman from Flint, Michigan. We are here on another very important topic. We just heard our friend, JAMIE RASKIN from Maryland, talking about gun violence and the need to try to limit that and bring it under control, but today we have another very important topic, a very troubling topic, and it has to do with the sovereignty of our Nation. b1730 It has to do with our freedom, and it is really as pretty simple as that. This country separated from England so that we could be a sovereign nation, so that we could rule ourselves, and right now that is a real big question as to whether or not that is happening, because it is clear that the Russians interfered with our elections last year. The investigation into that interference now has resulted in at least 13 indictments of Russians, coupled with indictments of 5 or 6 people, 5 of whom have pled guilty to some crime or another based upon the investigation conducted by Robert Mueller. There seems to be something going on between the Trump administration and Russia, and we want to know what it is. The investigation is directed at that. Mr. Speaker, it starts with something that we asked for last year. We asked to see the President’s tax returns. We asked for it on a number of occasions. But unlike anybody else who has run for President or who has been President, our President has refused to turn over his tax returns. So the question we ask is: Why? What is in there that would stop him from producing his tax returns? Is it a relationship that shows some kind of financial connection to Russia or the like? What is in there? Is he hiding something? What is it? As time has gone on, starting with that question, we have some more questions. There has been this effort, beginning last summer, to question the integrity of the FBI and to question Mr. Mueller and this investigation to the point there was word that Mr. Mueller was going to be fired from his job last summer, and that question seems to percolate to the surface every so often. And the question is: Why? What are they afraid of that he might find? What connections are they worried about that Mr. Mueller may uncover that really are hurting our Nation? So what is it that they are hiding? What are they afraid of? These are very simple questions that need to be answered. This is important because this goes back to the heart of why our Nation was founded and the heart of all of us as Americans. It is our sovereignty, and it is our freedom. And if, in fact, we are being directed, our government is being directed by a foreign entity, by Vladimir Putin or Russia, generally, then this country has been undermined to a degree none of us could have ever seen coming. Now, hopefully, that is not the case, but let’s get this investigation going. 
Let’s keep it going. Let’s not impugn the integrity of our detectives, the FBI, or the prosecutors who are trying to just find out what the truth is. And any kinds of actions to really undermine that, whether it is from here in the Congress or from the executive branch, it is like: What are you afraid of? What are you hiding? So just to kind of connect a couple more dots, something that I am concerned about, and I know my friends are, too, is you go back to our sovereignty, our freedom—and this Congress, Mr. Speaker—particularly concerned about the interference by the Russians in our elections. There is not any question that there has been some interference. We know that the Russians are flexing their muscle around the world. In fact, Putin, the other day, said: I have got nuclear weapons you can’t detect. So they are flexing their muscles. We as a Congress—419–3 in this House, and 98–2 in the Senate, virtually unanimously—said: We want you to be imposing sanctions against this Russian interference, against some things that they have been doing around the world. Not one sanction has been added by the Trump administration. Why not? Even more perplexing, the State Department has been appropriated, Mr. Speaker, $120 million to prevent further espionage and interference by the Russians in our elections. Do you know how much money has been spent by them, by the State Department under this White House, to stop this interference, to stop this espionage? Not one dollar. These departments generally say we need more money to do X, Y, or Z. Here, something so important as to the integrity of our elections, not $1 spent by the State Department, despite the fact that this Congress appropriated $120 million. Why not? So a lot of questions are out there. I think it is time, and I think my friends will make some comments and statements similar to mine: What are you afraid of? What are you hiding? Let the detectives in the FBI, let the prosecutors do their job. Why aren’t sanctions being imposed? And why aren’t we using the money we have appropriated to spend against this espionage and interference? Why aren’t you spending it? Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) to see if he has any answers or if he only has questions about what is going on. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Colorado because I have all of the same questions and all of the same concerns, and so it is very appropriate that we are coming together to ask what are they afraid of, what are they hiding, because there are a lot of red flags. Last night, Mr. PERLMUTTER , I was at the Washington Press Club event, which is a fun event to celebrate the free press. The best joke of the night— and there is a lot of humorous material. The best joke of the night was when someone said, for a guy that claims he doesn’t drink, President Trump sure loves a lot of White Russians. That brought the house down. Unfortunately, though, it is not really funny because, when you have got a President who won’t impose the sanctions that we authorize him to impose, who won’t direct his State Department to spend the funds to protect our election system that we authorize and appropriate, when you have all of these other problems, it is not clear that he is able to do his job without fear or favor, and that is a big problem for our democracy and for the interests of our country. If Congress were doing its job right now, we would be asking the hard questions to bring forward the transparency that the people need, to give this country the assurance that their government officials, including their President, can perform their job without fear or favor. But, unfortunately, this body is not doing a very good job of asking those hard questions, so that is, in part, why we are here trying to raise some of these issues. One of the very important questions that I think we have to ask involves the ties between the NRA, yes, the National Rifle Association, and this Trump Russia scandal. Specifically, we need to know whether Russia worked through the NRA to illegally move funds in support of the Trump campaign. Here is what we do know. We know that McClatchy and others have reported that the FBI is actually investigating whether Aleksandr Torshin, deputy governor of Russia’s central bank and NRA’s main liaison in Russia, used the NRA to funnel millions of dollars to support Donald Trump’s candidacy in 2016. We know that in 2016 Donald Trump, Jr., had dinner with Torshin, who is a close ally of Vladimir Putin—also someone accused of money laundering—and they had that dinner at the NRA convention. We know that the NRA spent tens of millions of dollars on the 2016 elections, including $30 million to support Donald Trump. That is three times what the NRA spent to support Mitt Romney when he was the Republican nominee just 4 years prior. So we need to think about and ask this question: Where did all that money come from? We have asked the NRA. The NRA won’t tell us. Now, we know that in testimony to the House Intelligence Committee, there are indications that Russians made a very concerted effort to work through the NRA, and that is why Senator RONWYDEN has asked the Treasury Department—again, because the NRA won’t answer these questions, but he has asked the Treasury Department for more information about suspicious Russian funding of the NRA. So just to recap a few of these things that we need to be asking about: We know how close President Trump is to the NRA. We know how close the Russian banker Alex Torshin is to the NRA. We know how close the NRA is becoming, closer and closer, to Russia. In fact, I have a piece here that explains how, in 2015, a series of top NRA officials—including one of their top donors, past presidents, a delegation that included Donald Trump’s highprofile surrogate, Sheriff David Clarke—all went on a socalled factfinding mission involving gun rights in Russia. Now, there aren’t a lot of gun rights in Russia. Russia has very restrictive gun laws, and there is no serious effort in the country of Russia to change that. But, nevertheless, apparently this group felt they needed to go to Russia for this factfinding trip to cozy up with some of these same folks that we are talking about. So that is one of the things we know and we need to ask questions about. We know that the NRA spent this huge cache of money on the 2016 campaign to support Donald Trump, and we know that we have more questions that need to be answered. So we need to follow this money, and we need to find out, again, as you have asked here on the floor: What are they hiding? What are they afraid of? Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ), and he will make some comments about how he perceives all of this, and then I am going to open it up to a little conversation among the three of us. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, like my friend Mr. PERLMUTTER and my friend Mr. HUFFMAN and others, we didn’t come to the Congress with the idea that we were going to spend our time talking about Russian collusion with a campaign to try to undermine our electoral system. We came here to solve problems that Americans want us to take on, to deal with the big problems that we face, whether it is infrastructure or education or the environment or all the things that people actually worry about, financial security for families. But we do have an obligation to uphold the oath that we took. We swore an oath to the Constitution of the United States. So while it is not my preference, and I know from my friends it is not our preference to have to deal with this question, we can’t avoid it. We can’t just look the other way, particularly when it is very clear that not just this President, but, sadly, some around him; and I think we have to acknowledge some of our Republican colleagues seem willing to try to interfere with or obfuscate what is a really important investigation. Let’s remind ourselves, Mr. Mueller, who is leading this investigation, the special counsel, was appointed by the Republican Attorney General, appointed by the President of the United States, both Republicans. Bob Mueller 
was appointed head of the FBI by a Republican President. This is not a partisan question, certainly not a partisan witch hunt. This is a question as to whether or not we are going to let this investigation go to completion. The President keeps saying no collusion. The truth of the matter is, so far, there has been no conclusion. There is no conclusion to be drawn yet from this investigation, other than 17 individuals have been indicted. Several have pled guilty to very serious crimes, some people who have been very close to the President of the United States, the closest you can be, literally engaged in his campaign, side by side with him every day. So it begs the question and, really, the most important question: What are they afraid of? What do they have to worry about? If there is nothing to find, if there is no collusion, then let’s let the process complete itself. Let’s let the process come to conclusion and accept the result. So this is really a fundamental question to our democracy: Are we going to adhere to the rule of law, or are we going to allow a President to rule by fiat and, essentially, dismiss or diminish or discredit anyone who raises any question about his conduct coming into or performing his duties? b1745 That is not the America that we know, and that is not a standard that we ought to allow: 17 people indicted, people at the top of his campaign, including a whole group of Russians who clearly were engaged in trying to affect our election. You know, don’t you remember the good ol’ days? I think about some of our friends on the other side, when the biggest scandal that they could come up with was that the President of the United States wore a tan suit. The outrage. Where is the outrage now when a special counsel has been appointed and, at every moment, there is an attempt to try to discredit the work that this individual is doing? So I ask my Republican colleagues to stand up, adhere to the oath that they swore, support this process, allow for your own good and the good of the country, allow the investigation to be completed without interference. Push back when the President tries to discredit this process. There is just too much at stake. What are they afraid of? What are they worried about? This guy is a professional. When he was appointed, remember the chorus of praise left, right, and center for Bob Mueller and the integrity with which he has conducted himself in public life. He didn’t change. He is still doing that. Let’s let him do his work. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Michigan for his comments. And he was talking about the 17 indictments. We have a poster here. Starting over on the far side of this poster to my right is Paul Manafort, the campaign chairman. Then we have 13 Russians who have been indicted, plus three Russian companies that interfered with our elections, and we will see how these indictments and the cases unfold, but Bob Mueller and the team have said those people should be indicted. This side, we have guilty pleas by Michael Flynn, National Security Advisor; Rick Gates, assistant campaign manager; George Papadopoulos, campaign adviser; Richard Pinedo, apparently he did some kind of—stole identity from somebody; and a lawyer, Alex van der Zwaan, from—he is a foreign lawyer who worked for a firm here in the United States. We have five guilty pleas. We have 14, 15, 16 indictments. There is a lot of smoke. Where there is smoke, there is fire. Mr. KILDEE talked about sort of the breadandbutter issues: Do I have a good job? Am I ready as the economy changes and innovation kicks in; am I going to be ready for the next job? You know, do we have the proper infrastructure for this country so that for the next 50 years we can compete with anybody at any time? I mean, those are the conversations we really want to have. But when you get down to it, at the very heart of why we are America, why we are the United States of America, it is about our freedom. It is about the sovereignty of this Nation to conduct its own affairs without interference by another entity: Russia, England, Japan, North Korea, it doesn’t matter. We want to take care of ourselves and not be told what to do by others. That interference from outside of this country, despite these big questions we have as to our infrastructure, our future of our workplace, our education, when it comes to freedom, you don’t step away. You don’t ignore attacks on our freedom. And we are not going to let that happen. I am just very pleased that these two men joining me today, and Democrats, really, throughout this Chamber, and I know some Republicans, are very concerned about what is unfolding. And all of us are asking: What is the problem here? What are you hiding? What are you afraid of? Why won’t you let the detectives do their work? Sam Nunberg, he was going to—last night, he was on all the TV stations: I am not going to honor that subpoena. What is he afraid of? We have been joined by our friend JAMIE RASKIN , but, first, let me give him a second to catch his breath. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend from northern California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) for a comment or two, and then I will yield to Mr. RASKIN . Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, Congressman PERLMUTTER is asking all the right questions, and it seems to me, in the short time we have been on the floor here, in some ways, we are asking harder questions than what we are seeing from the committees that should be conducting oversight and investigations if Congress were functioning and taking this issue as seriously as it should. Those questions would include very disturbing reporting, just in the last few days in The New Yorker, that suggests that the Steele dossier may just be the tip of the iceberg; that, in fact, you have senior Russian officials who claim that they had something of a veto power over our choice for Secretary of State. We should be looking into that right now in a very intense way, and the American people should know that we take those matters very seriously. But so much of this simply flies by these days with the constantly moving media cycle, and I think more and more people are beginning to wonder if Congress is interested in even asking hard questions or if we just have to sit back and either wait for Special Counsel Mueller to catch these folks in crimes or wait for the media. Thank God for the free press, but the media is unearthing far more information than the oversight actions of this Congress, and that is disappointing. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, you know, we have got to say to the Speaker and to the other Republicans in this Chamber, you know, they need to do their job on this thing. This isn’t just something that is peanuts. This goes to the heart of what America is all about: our freedom and our sovereignty. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ). Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. PERLMUTTER very much for yielding for just a moment. I was very moved by his comments. We know that eternal vigilance is the price of liberty, and I want to salute him for his vigilance and his zealousness in defending American freedom and our democratic process against foreign and potentially domestic enemies, those who would subvert and undermine our political processes. It seems to me that, in Congress, we have two jobs that we need to do now. One is to defend the Mueller investigation and the Department of Justice against unfair attacks and attempts to subvert and undermine investigation; and two, and perhaps more importantly now, is we have got to work to fortify our election systems against a repeat in 2018. The U.S. intelligence agencies, they told us, in January of 2017, that there had been a campaign of cyber espionage and cyber sabotage and cyber propaganda against the American elections. They have told us that the Russians are very likely to be doing the same thing with respect to the 2018 election. And, by the way, it is not just the Russians now. They may have just set the template for other bad actors who want to stick their nose into American elections, too. You know, James Q. Wilson wrote this book called, ‘‘Broken Windows,’’ 
where he said if somebody throws a rock into a window and you have got a broken window and nobody does anything about it, it is an invitation for more people to come along and break some more windows. Well, right now, the U.S. Government has done nothing. As you have said, we have not spent the money in the State Department to try to defend ourselves against the foreign subversion of our elections and cyber espionage and sabotage. And when we had the Attorney General come to the Judiciary Committee, we asked him what had he engaged in to try to defend our elections across the country against another attack, and he said basically nothing. And followup efforts by members of the committee to get the Attorney General to meet with us have resulted in nothing. So, this week, we have asked for $14 million from the appropriators to go to the Election Assistance Commission, which is the only Federal body we have got that is charged with trying to help State election administrators defend themselves against cyber attack. That $14 million is urgent and necessary, and it is obviously a very small sum of money, given the amount of money we spend on defense in America, but this is defense of our elections. We are also asking for $400 million to help update outmoded and weak election technology in the States today. That is another badly needed infusion of cash to the States so we can fortify our elections. We know that at least 22 States suffered attempted electronic probes by foreign actors in 2016, and they are coming back in 2018, and everybody wants to know what are we doing about it, and we have no coordinated plan. At the very least, we should get this money to the Election Assistance Commission so we can help the States harden themselves. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Maryland for participating with us. We are going to be doing this because we want people asking this question all across the country. Mr. Speaker, I yield now to my friend from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) to let him close us out. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. PERLMUTTER for yielding, and I want to just underscore a point he made in his opening remarks. This is fundamentally about a principle that we hold pretty dear in this country, and, that is, our freedom. Our freedom is rooted in the assumption that our democratic systems actually work, that the process of democracy has integrity, and that the choices that people make are not the subject of interference by some foreign power. We know that Russia interfered in our elections. There are only two people I can think of who have denied that repeatedly. One of them is President Trump; the other one is Vladimir Putin. Everyone else, including our Republican colleagues and our intelligence community, acknowledges that the Russians interfered with our elections. Five people have acknowledged that they committed crimes as a result of the investigations taking place; 12 other—15 others indicted. Why on Earth would we not allow the investigation that is taking place right now to determine the extent of that interference in order to prevent it from ever happening again? Why would we not insist that we protect that principle of democracy and that foundational principle of freedom by letting this process complete? What are they afraid of? That is the question: What are they afraid of? That is why I am glad Mr. PERLMUTTER initiated this effort, and I will continue to stand with him as he does it. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, I thank Mr. HUFFMAN , and I thank Mr. R ASKIN for their comments. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 35. An act to transfer administrative jurisdiction over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources; in addition, to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on March 6, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 3656. To amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a consistent eligibility date for provision of Department of Veterans Affairs memorial headstones and markers for eligible spouses and dependent children of veterans whose remains are unavailable. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 57 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, March 8, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4183. A letter from the Program Specialist (Paperwork Reduction Act), Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Annual Stress Test — Technical and Conforming Changes [Docket ID: OCC 20170021] (RIN: 1557AE28) received March 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4184. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s determination and certification that the top five exporting and importing countries of ephedrine and pseudoephedrine have cooperated fully with the United States or have taken adequate steps on their own to achieve full compliance with the goals established by the 1988 United Nations Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2291j(b)(1)(A); Public Law 87195, Sec. 490(b)(1)(A) (as added by Public Law 102583, Sec. 5(a)); (106 Stat. 4924); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4185. A letter from the Secretary, Department of the Treasury, transmitting a six month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to South Sudan that was declared in Executive Order 13664 of April 3, 2014, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 5190. A bill to provide a temporary safe harbor for the publishers of online content to collectively negotiate with dominant online platforms regarding the terms on which their content may be distributed; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. COFFMAN (for himself, Mr. SESSIONS , and Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS ): H.R. 5191. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish Alzheimer’s Disease research, education, and clinical centers; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for himself, Mr. MARCHANT , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. HULTGREN ): H.R. 5192. A bill to authorize the Commissioner of Social Security to provide confirmation of fraud protection data to certain permitted entities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SCHNEIDER (for himself and Mr. BLUM): H.R. 5193. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to codify the Boots to Business Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Mrs. NOEM, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Ms. STEFANIK , and Mrs. W AGNER ): H.R. 5194. A bill to amend the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to provide protections against pregnancy discrimination in the workplace, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. ROSLEHTINEN (for herself and Mr. CONNOLLY ): H.R. 5195. A bill to improve diversity and inclusion in the workforce of national security agencies, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, Intelligence (Permanent Select), the Judiciary, Homeland Security, Agriculture, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PALAZZO (for himself and Mr. PANETTA ): H.R. 5196. A bill to require the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere to carry out a program on coordinating the assessment and acquisition by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration of unmanned maritime systems, to make available to the public data collected by the Administration using such systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Science, Space, and Technology, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself, Mr. MCKINLEY , Ms. D EGETTE , and Mr. TIPTON ): H.R. 5197. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a demonstration program to test alternative pain management protocols to limit the use of opioids in emergency departments; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BUCK: H.R. 5198. A bill to amend titles 23 and 49, United States Code, to improve metropolitan planning; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. BANKS of Indiana (for himself, Mr. SCALISE , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. WALKER , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. MOOLENAAR , Mr. B UCK, Mr. W EBSTER  of Florida, Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. HARRIS , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. B UDD, Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. PITTENGER , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. BIGGS, and Mr. E STES of Kansas): H.R. 5199. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to allow parents of eligible military dependent children to establish Military Education Savings Accounts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. CLARKE of New York (for herself, Mr. SERRANO , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. ESPAILLAT , and Mr. C ROWLEY ): H.R. 5200. A bill to provide additional funding for the public housing Capital Fund for large public housing agencies, for mortgage foreclosure mitigation assistance, and for incremental rental assistance vouchers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 5201. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish, develop, improve, operate, and maintain the Claude Moore Colonial Farm at Turkey Run in Fairfax County, Virginia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. NOLAN ): H.R. 5202. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to provide for the delivery of a controlled substance by a pharmacy to an administering practitioner; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: H.R. 5203. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 2014 to require producers to elect to receive price loss coverage or agriculture risk coverage under that Act or Federal crop insurance under the Federal Crop Insurance Act; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. ESTES of Kansas: H.R. 5204. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to penalize false communications to cause an emergency response, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KIHUEN (for himself, Ms. ROSEN , Ms. T ITUS, and Mr. A MODEI ): H.R. 5205. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 701 6th Street in Hawthorne, Nevada, as the ‘‘Sergeant Kenneth Eric Bostic Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. MCSALLY (for herself, Mr. BACON , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. H IGGINS  of Louisiana, and Mr. MCCAUL): H.R. 5206. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Office of Biometric Identity Management, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Ms. MCSALLY (for herself, Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, and Mr. MCCAUL): H.R. 5207. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the immigration advisory program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. POCAN (for himself and Mr. SOTO): H.R. 5208. A bill to amend the Competitive, Special, and Facilities Research Grant Act and the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 to further plant cultivar research, development, and commercialization, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 5209. A bill to conduct a special resource study of Fort Pillow Historic State Park in Henning, Tennessee, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SIMPSON (for himself and Mr. SCHRADER ): H.R. 5210. A bill to establish the National Park Restoration Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. TURNER: H.R. 5211. A bill to change the calendar period of the Federal fiscal year; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself and Mr. ZELDIN ): H. Res. 766. A resolution recognizing the contributions of American Viticultural Areas and winegrowing regions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. FARENTHOLD: H. Res. 767. A resolution directing the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives to enter into contracts with nationally or regionallyknown franchises for the provision of food services in the cafeteria of the Longworth House Office Building in a food court setting; to the Committee on House Administration. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 5190. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 5191. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 5192. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 5193. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 5194. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States; the power to regulate commerce among the several states. The purpose of the bill is to amend the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to provide protections against pregnancy discriminaiton in the workplace, adn for other purposes. By Ms. ROSLEHTINEN: H.R. 5195. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. PALAZZO: H.R. 5196. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 5197. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BUCK: H.R. 5198. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 7 grants Congress the power to establish Post Offices and post Roads. By Mr. BANKS of Indiana: H.R. 5199. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress). By Ms. CLARKE of New York: H.R. 5200. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and it 
subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 5201. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5202. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: H.R. 5203. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2. The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Mr. ESTES of Kansas: H.R. 5204. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 Subsections 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. KIHUEN: H.R. 5205. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7: To establish post offices and post roads By Ms. MCSALLY: H.R. 5206. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be unifrom throught the United States. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. MCSALLY: H.R. 5207. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. POCAN: H.R. 5208. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 5209. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to . . . provide for the . . . general welfare of the United, States . . .’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof.’’ By Mr. SIMPSON: H.R. 5210. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Mr. TURNER: H.R. 5211. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 9, clause 7 of the United States Constitution. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 51: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 159: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 173: Mr. PALAZZO . H.R. 237: Ms. BORDALLO . H.R. 389: Mr. KENNEDY and Ms. B ASS. H.R. 411: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 504: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 644: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska and Mr. WILLIAMS . H.R. 667: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 721: Mr. KHANNA , Mr. R ASKIN , and Ms. DEGETTE . H.R. 754: Mr. BIGGS, Mr. B ROWN of Mary land, and Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 757: Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 788: Ms. TENNEY and Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 809: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. H.R. 842: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 911: Mr. SUOZZI , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. GOODLATTE . H.R. 930: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. WOODALL , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and Mr. T HOMP SONof Mississippi. H.R. 947: Mr. LAWSON of Florida. H.R. 959: Ms. LEE. H.R. 964: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1057: Ms. GRANGER and Mr. B RAT. H.R. 1111: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 1221: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 1239: Mr. PETERSON , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 1267: Mr. EVANS and Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 1357: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 1378: Mr. HASTINGS and Mr. P ETERSON . H.R. 1406: Mrs. HANDEL . H.R. 1424: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 1437: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 1456: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 1478: Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 1480: Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. H.R. 1496: Mr. HUNTER , Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 1519: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 1563: Mr. KHANNA and Mr. K IND. H.R. 1661: Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. R EED, Mr. EVANS , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. H.R. 1802: Mr. JONES . H.R. 1828: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 2050: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 2232: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 2259: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 2267: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 2293: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 2315: Mr. PAULSEN , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, and Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 2566: Ms. JUDY CHUof California and Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 2567: Mr. ELLISON , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, and Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 2598: Mr. MOULTON , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. BONAMICI , and Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 2599: Mr. REED. H.R. 2881: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 2899: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 2925: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2942: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 2987: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 3010: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 3030: Mrs. DEMINGS . H.R. 3174: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 3207: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. MCGOVERN , and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 3274: Ms. BASS. H.R. 3314: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 3349: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 3600: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. DUNN, and Mr. Y OHO. H.R. 3605: Mr. KEATING , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. KNIGHT , Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. H.R. 3613: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 3635: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 3641: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3642: Mr. BUCK, Mr. R OTHFUS , and Ms. MOORE . H.R. 3714: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 3738: Ms. SPEIER , Mr. P ETERSON , and Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3988: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 4022: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania, Ms. PINGREE , Mr. H ECK, Mr. KHANNA , and Mr. S CHNEIDER . H.R. 4057: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 4114: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 4115: Mr. HULTGREN . H.R. 4207: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 4229: Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. TAYLOR , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 4238: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 4240: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama and Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4241: Mr. MESSER and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 4253: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 4256: Mr. BARLETTA , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. SMUCKER , and Mr. B UTTERFIELD . H.R. 4267: Mr. HULTGREN and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 4287: Ms. MENG. H.R. 4311: Mr. MULLIN . H.R. 4426: Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 4525: Mrs. DEMINGS . H.R. 4536: Mr. MACARTHUR , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Mr. FASO. H.R. 4655: Mr. BOSTand Mr. V ALADAO . H.R. 4657: Mr. VELA. H.R. 4673: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 4706: Mrs. TORRES . H.R. 4733: Mr. PAYNE , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, and Mrs. DINGELL . 
H.R. 4747: Mr. N UNES . H.R. 4751: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 4775: Ms. DELBENEand Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 4809: Mr. JONES . H.R. 4811: Mr. COHEN , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. KHANNA , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  MALONEY of New York, and Mrs. D EMINGS . H.R. 4815: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4819: Mr. CARTER of Georgia and Ms. BORDALLO . H.R. 4846: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 4854: Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 4857: Mr. CONAWAY . H.R. 4884: Mr. HECK. H.R. 4909: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mr. F OSTER, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. ROTHFUS , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. M AC ARTHUR , Mr. B OST, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. J ENKINS  of West Virginia, Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. L IPINSKI, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. B ERA, Mr. MCCAUL, and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 4915: Mrs. NOEM. H.R. 4916: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 4929: Mr. BUCK. H.R. 4932: Mrs. DEMINGS and Ms. S PEIER . H.R. 4940: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 4949: Mr. MACARTHUR and Ms. S HEA PORTER . H.R. 4957: Mr. MAST. H.R. 4963: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 4973: Mr. ADERHOLT and Mr. P ETER SON. H.R. 5058: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 5061: Ms. SHEAPORTER and Mr. T AYLOR. H.R. 5062: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 5075: Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 5085: Ms. BASS. H.R. 5090: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 5102: Mr. MCKINLEY and Mr. J ENKINS  of West Virginia. H.R. 5112: Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 5114: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5126: Mr. WEBER of Texas and Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 5127: Ms. BORDALLO and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 5133: Mr. TIPTON and Mr. G IANFORTE . H.R. 5135: Mr. COMER . H.R. 5136: Ms. NORTON , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 5171: Mr. COOK. H.R. 5182: Mr. COHEN . H. Con. Res. 63: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas. H. Con. Res. 89: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H. Res. 356: Ms. BONAMICI and Mr. G RIJALVA . H. Res. 401: Mr. YARMUTH . f 
83. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Representative Arthur J. O’Neill, House of Representatives, Connecticut, relative to urging the Congress to consider adopting legislation based on section 2938c Connecticut General Statues; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1405 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7, 2018 No. 40 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable RAND PAUL, a Senator from the Commonwealth of Kentucky. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, our help in ages past, our hope for years to come, help our lawmakers to honor Your Name. Demonstrate Your great power by filling them with Your Spirit and giving them a desire to cultivate spiritual discernment. Lord, sustain them through the power of Your prevailing providence until justice rolls down like waters and righteousness like a mighty stream. As our Senators draw near to You, experiencing Your Divine guidance, may they be motivated to follow Your precepts as they face difficult challenges. We pray in Your sovereign Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 