Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I share the frustration of the American public who overwhelmingly support protecting young DREAMers, authorizing the Children’s Health Program and the community health centers that serve them, and funding government long term, not week to week. Part of the solution is obvious: Donald Trump should not be in the negotiations, in part, because he doesn’t understand the complexities. Indeed, it appears he doesn’t even understand the basics. He frequently changes his mind, agreeing with what he last saw on FOX News or heard from the last person he talked to. The weekend news was filled with accounts of his confusion and how destructive his participation has been, acknowledged by Republicans and Democrats alike, even frustrating his own staff. Maybe it is time to just ignore Donald Trump and his tweets, send him lots of cheeseburgers, and keep this news off FOX. Without Trump’s participation, we will reach a better solution, and we will do it faster. 
SOUTH CAROLINA NATIONAL GUARD DESERVES BETTER (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, this weekend, South Carolinians saw the damaging impacts of the Schumer shutdown: 2,200 servicemembers in the South Carolina National Guard who had drill scheduled were forced to go home after driving across the State from all over the Southeast. I know firsthand of the disruption, as a Guard veteran myself and grateful dad of three sons who have served in the Guard overseas. Additionally, 70 soldiers who were operating on Active Duty Operational Support orders had their orders terminated and will no longer have insurance or income as of today. Approximately 750 Federal technicians who handle mechanics for the South Carolina National Guard will be laid off today. This is not only devastating to families, it will negatively impact the readiness of our forces, which I recognize as chairman of the Readiness Subcommittee. The Guard has 80 soldiers who were planning to attend necessary training this weekend, but those drills have been canceled, resulting in soldiers not being qualified or eligible for promotion due to missing training. This serves as a sad example of just the impact on the South Carolina Guard members. Senate Democrats need to stop holding military funding hostage. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
FIND COMMON GROUND AND END GRIDLOCK (Mr. O’HALLERAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, on the third day of this reckless government shutdown, I rise to urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to find common ground and end this gridlock. Families in Arizona and America are hurting. It is past time for Congress to come together to boost our military. We must reauthorize funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, community health centers, and the Special Diabetes Program for Tribal communities, and many others. Mr. Speaker, we can’t go back to business as usual and continue to fund our military a few weeks at a time. Secretary Mattis and our military leaders have been clear about the dire impacts of continuing resolutions on our national security time and time again throughout this year. We are facing increasing global threats. We cannot undermine our defense leaders and our troops by refusing to work together. We are here to solve problems. For our brave servicemembers and families across our communities, let’s get the job done. 
WE NEED TO KEEP THE GOVERNMENT OPEN (Mr. ROKITA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, we have done our job. President Trump is doing his. The House has passed a spending bill that keeps our government open, funds our military, and helps protect healthcare for millions of lowincome children, but Senate Democrats only want to obstruct President Trump. They are opposed to a bill that has everything in it that they are not opposed to, but they hold out for more. Why? Because they are putting amnesty for illegal immigrants above lawabiding citizens. This is unacceptable. They are putting amnesty for illegal immigrants ahead of healthcare for lowincome children. They are putting amnesty for illegal immigrants ahead of funding our military. They won’t allow anything that includes President Trump’s wall. This is inexcusable. We need border security. We need to keep our government open. We need to fund our military. And we need to provide healthcare for millions of lowincome children. This is not a complicated matter, and voters should hold Democrats in the House and Senate responsible. f 
SHUTDOWN IS UNNECESSARY CRISIS (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, this shutdown is an unnecessary, selfcreated crisis driven by an unwillingness to compromise. The American people deserve better. There are bipartisan solutions available, solutions that responsibly fund our government and address the urgent priorities, from children’s health and community healthcare centers, to DREAMers, to disaster relief. I have been meeting with Members on both sides of the aisle, including the Problem Solvers Caucus, and I know there is a real willingness to get this done. What we need is congressional leadership and a President willing to negotiate and allow a vote. We are almost 4 months into the fiscal year with no budget. We passed three continuing resolutions since September, but we cannot continue with these endless shortterm patches. They are irresponsible, hurt our Nation, and hamper our military’s ability to plan for the future. The Navy’s Secretary likened it to putting $4 billion in a trash can, pouring lighter fluid on it, and setting it on fire. The clock is ticking. The last shutdown in 2013 cost our economy $24 billion. This won’t be resolved by one side going it alone. Let’s end the political games, stop the fingerpointing, and do the work the American people sent us here to do. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 4872, the End the 
Shutdown Act of 2018, a continuing resolution that would immediately reopen the government while negotiations can continue on a budget agreement that adheres to parity and on other critical issues. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As the Chair previously advised, that request cannot be entertained absent appropriate clearance. 
SHEDDING LIGHT ON THE STORY OF AN ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT ON TRIAL IN CALIFORNIA (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, we are now 60 hours into the Schumer shutdown only because Senate and House Democrats would like to join them in forcing through an unfinished, hurried immigration policy. This fellow here—I am not even going to name his name—is on trial in northern California for killing two police officers. He was twice deported from Arizona. When the killings were described by others in the court, this fellow laughed and smiled as it was recalled. He then launched into a profane tirade, claiming his only regret is he didn’t kill more than two officers and that he would escape from jail and he would do it again. I will even quote part of him, if I can: 
I don’t blank regret that. The only thing I blanking regret is that I only killed two. I wish I blank killed more. I will break out soon, and I will kill more. 
He has promised, when he gets out, he will kill more. Does anybody out there believe that, under current policy, with the sieve of a border that we have, he won’t fulfill that promise? Do we think that the families of Danny Oliver and Michael Davis or the families of Kate Steinle and Jamiel Shaw, Jr., have confidence that isn’t going to happen? 
b1215 REOPEN THE GOVERNMENT BEFORE PEOPLE GET HURT (Ms. DELAURO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, at the heart of this government shutdown is the President and the Republicans’ inability to govern, except to give huge tax cuts to the 1 percent and their corporate donors. The Constitution empowers Congress to appropriate the funds for the general wellbeing and for national defense. Instead, the Republicans are asking us to fund the government 30 days at a time. We will not be lectured on the health and the safety of our children by a party who has refused to fund community health centers, a party who dragged their feet for months while the families of children on CHIP were terrified about the future of the program. If they are so concerned about children’s health, they would make the Children’s Health Insurance Program permanent. But this is not about CHIP. Do not insult the intelligence of the American people. Just look what happened in the Senate. They refused to take up a permanent CHIP bill. Republicans are using CHIP as a bargaining chip and nothing more. Do not hide behind our children. Reopen this government before people get hurt. We will not cave in to bullying and brinksmanship. We are here to govern, not to play a game of chicken. We need to meet the needs of the middle class and working families, and we need to fund our government programs. f 
OPEN THE GOVERNMENT AND FULFILL OUR PROMISES (Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I am here today to speak on behalf of west Tennesseeans and the millions of Americans who are being hurt by the Schumer shutdown. Let me be clear from the very start: this shutdown rests solely on the shoulders of Senate Democrats. Just like me, they were elected to Congress to solve problems and, instead, they are playing political games and putting American lives at stake. The Democrats chose to shut down the government over something that we have plenty of time to discuss. Meanwhile, they are damaging critical programs that protect American citizens. Let’s think about what is at stake: 9 million children rely on the Children’s Health Insurance Program— 9 million innocent children; 2 million servicemembers are currently going unpaid; 100,000 National Guardsmen have been sent home; pilot training has stopped; half of the civilian employees at the Department of Defense have been sent home. Right now, our Nation is less safe because Democrats are putting nonU.S. citizens over U.S. citizens. It is simply unAmerican. It is shameful and it is reckless. This Schumer shutdown is an embarrassment to the Democrats. On Thursday, House Republicans did their jobs. Let’s work together and get our jobs done. Let’s open this government back up and fulfill our promises to the American people. 
OPERATING UNDER A CONTINUING RESOLUTION IS UNWISE (Mr. DEFAZIO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, think back to school. You go to your teacher and say: My term paper is not done yet. Can I get an extension? Well, okay, as a reasonable teacher, you can give them an excuse maybe once. Twice, not very many. Three times, I never knew a teacher like that. Four times, no way. You are 114 days late with the budget for the government of the United States of America, which includes the military and everything else that you are carrying on about. Let’s listen to Secretary Mattis talking about your continuing resolutions running the government bit by bit: Operating under a continuing resolution is unwise as can be. It makes us rigid. We cannot deal with new and revealing threats. 
We know our enemies are not standing still. You are bragging about funding the government for 30 days? You have not done your most basic function as a ruling majority of the House, the Senate, and the White House, and that is, to give us proper funding for the entire government. In transportation, we have lost $1.4 billion. That is 21,000 jobs. Do your job. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair. 
SENATE SHOULD END THE SHUTDOWN (Mr. WENSTRUP asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, let’s set the record straight. Yesterday, Democratic Senator DICKDURBIN said that part of the reason for the shutdown is that this is the fourth CR this term. Why do we have CRs—continuing resolutions? Well, when Congress doesn’t pass appropriations, a CR is the only choice other than a shutdown. The House of Representatives passed all of our appropriations bills for this year. Senate Democrats have deliberately impeded the legislative process in the Senate, and no appropriations bills have been passed in their Chamber this term. When Senate Democrats leave no choice but a CR, don’t complain about a CR. Mr. Speaker, this is no way to run a government. Recognizing the damage that occurs with a shutdown, the House again rose to the occasion and passed a continuing resolution with content that both sides agree with. The House of Representatives has done their job. We want to keep our government open. If only Senate Democrats would end this Schumerled shutdown. 
ECONOMIC COST OF A GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, this is not a game. Congressional Republicans who own the House, the Senate, and the White 
House refuse to work out a bipartisan compromise to keep the Federal Government open. This not only disrupts the lives of millions of Americans, but it may have real harmful economic consequences. The Trump shutdown sends exactly the wrong message. It projects chaos. It can hurt business confidence, tapping the brakes of economic growth. In 2013, the last time the congressional leaders shut down the government, the economy took a real hit. The nonpartisan Bureau of Economic Analysis found that the shutdown lowered GDP growth by 0.3 percentage points on an annualized basis. Economic analysts at Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s, and Goldman Sachs estimated it may have cost our economy $24 billion, about $1.5 billion per day. Our economy depends on faith in our government institutions. Let’s not do anything to jeopardize it. Let’s stop this dangerous game. Open the government. Fund the government. 
URGING SENATE DEMOCRATS TO REOPEN THE GOVERNMENT (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, last week the House voted to keep the government open with legislation that, on any other day, every Member would have supported. It funded the government and it reauthorized CHIP for 6 years, a program that 24,000 Montana children depend on for their healthcare needs. On any other day, these proposals would pass with broad bipartisan support, but my colleagues on the other side of the aisle in this Chamber opposed it and 44 Senate Democrats opposed it. And for what? An unrelated immigration issue that can be addressed before March. What has been the result of these misplaced priorities? The government shutdown. More than 2 million servicemen and women aren’t being paid; 9 million American children, including 24,000 in Montana, are losing their healthcare insurance. My colleagues in the Senate will soon consider reopening the government. I urge them, particularly the 44 Senate Democrats who voted for the Schumer shutdown, to reopen the government, pay our troops, and restore health insurance to children. 
PASS A BILL THAT INCLUDES FUNDING FOR COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS AND OTHER HEALTH PROGRAMS (Mr. PALLONE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, Republicans claim that they have taken care of children’s health insurance, but that is not the case. They politicized CHIP by adding it to this controversial continuing resolution. If they were really interested in children’s health, they would have considered passing this bill separately from the continuing resolution, and we could have included funding for community health centers and other health programs critical to our seniors. Without an extension of funding for community health centers, the future of 142 centers in my State would be in jeopardy. These centers are where more than 200,000 New Jersey kids receive care when they get sick. You can’t stand up for children’s health when you are refusing to fund community health centers. For weeks, we had been conducting bipartisan negotiations on CHIP, community health centers, and all of the other extenders that are critical to Medicare and to seniors, but Republicans tossed that all aside in favor, yet again, of partisanship. Republicans decided that the Medicare providers, the safety net hospitals, and community health centers didn’t matter. It is time for the partisanship to end. Let’s get back to the negotiating table and work to pass a bill that includes the extenders, CHIP, community health centers, and all of these other healthcare programs. There is no reason we shouldn’t be conducting those negotiations today. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 4872, the End the Shutdown Act of 2018, a continuing resolution that would immediately reopen the government while negotiations continue on a budget agreement that adheres to parity and other critical issues. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As the Chair previously advised, that request cannot be entertained absent appropriate clearance. f 
SCHUMER SHUTDOWN (Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, during times of strife and stagnation, the most powerful tool we have at our disposal is the power of prayer. It is with that in mind that I offer my most heartfelt prayers for the men and women serving in uniform who are going without pay, and for the 9 million children forgoing access to critical healthcare during this Schumer shutdown. House Republicans fulfilled our bipartisan mission to responsibly fund the government, support our troops, and reauthorize CHIP for the children who rely on the program. The reason that Senator SCHUMER and Senate Democrats shut down the government is plain and simple. They value the demands of illegal immigrants more than they value the needs of American citizens. It is now the third day of the Schumer shutdown and that is 3 days too many in my book. I pray that the Senate Democrats who have shut down our government will soon see reason and will fund the government. Our citizens deserve better. End the Schumer shutdown. f 
REPUBLICANS NEED TO OFFER MEDICAL EXTENDERS (Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to not speak about Alabama winning the national championship. Mr. Speaker, the reason we are here is because Republicans care more about the extremely wealthy than they do about average American citizens. They got together and passed a tax scam bill that gave 86 percent of the moneys to the top 1 percent in our society. They gave crumbs to the middle class that will expire, unlike the corporate cuts they gave that will not expire. And then they come up with a children’s healthcare plan as a bargaining chip to get what is not a clean CR through, but a CR where they took funds that will help the ACA continue and take those down for 2 years so the ACA is further crippled. To hear the Republicans talk about their care for healthcare is laughable. They were never for Medicaid or Medicare or the Affordable Care Act. They are not for a permanent children’s healthcare plan. They are not for community health centers, where 40 percent of those CHIP children get their healthcare. If they wanted to bring the government back and get us open, they would offer us the medical extenders like Mr. PALLONE talked about. This is unfortunate. We should get past this and we should stop our mantra that the Republicans have learned. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Texas will state her parliamentary inquiry. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, the parliamentary inquiry is the utilization of the words ‘‘illegal immigration’’ being used against the wellstated policies of the United States dealing with respecting people who come to this country. My question is the terminology being used to indict Democrats, the Democratic Party, and it is maligning hardworking Americans who came from an immigrant background. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will not interpret the meaning of a Member’s remarks. 
MOURNING THE DEATHS OF FOUR LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS FROM YORK COUNTY, SOUTH CAROLINA (Mr. NORMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart. In the early morning hours of Tuesday, January 16, four law enforcement officers were ambushed while responding to a domestic call in York County, South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, Detective Mike Doty, who had been with the York County Sheriff’s Office for 12 years, was slain in the line of duty. Today, Detective Doty will be laid to rest, and our hearts grieve and mourn at the loss of one of our bravest. Our hearts especially ache for all his loved ones: James, Katherine, Joshua, Patricia, Michelle, Christina, Diana, Shane, and his twin brother, Chris, who served with him. They will continue to remain in our prayers. In the Gospel of Matthew 5:4, we are told that God heals the brokenhearted and binds up their wounds. May we take solace in this verse and always remember that the Lord is with us. May God bless the family of Michael Doty. 
LET’S REASON TOGETHER (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, we have a lot of differences on this floor, and we are supposed to have differences. That is why there are 435 of us. Unfortunately, those differences have not been reconciled, and the Federal Government has been closed now in its third day. It is not helpful, however, today or in the coming days, as we try to resolve these differences, for Members to take to the floor and impugn the integrity of one another. It is not helpful, for example, for the President of the United States, through his campaign at his direction, to run television ads that accuse Democrats who oppose the budget measure of being complicit in murder. It is not helpful for the Vice President, overseas, in front of troops who serve this country with honor and dignity, to make a partisan speech accusing Democrats of not having their back. It is not fair to have Members come to this floor and suggest that those troops won’t be paid when that Member knows that is not true. Let’s reason together. Let’s treat one another with some dignity and bridge the gap that exists between us. 
DACA (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I said, at this podium, that the resolution to the Schumer shutdown is simple: Senate Democrats need to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the shortterm funding bill, and the government reopens, paychecks get processed for our troops, and the Children’s Health Insurance Program is up and running. It is that simple. Understand this: the Senate Democrats chose to shut down the government because they have more interest in creating a false deadline to address the DACA issues. The fact is the legislative process is already underway to address DACA. I’m cosponsoring the Securing America’s Future Act which not only addresses DACA but actually takes measures to make sure we actually solve the problem in the long term, including securing our borders, which is a big part of addressing the heroin crisis we have in our country. Let’s end the Schumer shutdown, reopen the government, and continue our work to address the critical issues facing our country. f 
DREAMERS (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, a precocious 10yearold named Stella reminded me yesterday that we teach our children in kindergarten that it doesn’t matter who starts a problem, what counts is that we end it. She asked me how it is that once we become adults we somehow forget that basic lesson. Looking at Washington right now, I didn’t have a good answer for her or for my many constituents who are frustrated by this shutdown. Just because the President and some in the Congress aren’t doing their jobs doesn’t mean our Federal workers should not be able to do theirs. So what do we need? We need real commitment and compromise, not more partisan rhetoric like we have heard today. We have to get this done, get it done right, and get it done soon. Our national security, our Federal workforce, those who serve our country in uniform, our DREAMers, and all of our constituents are depending on us. 
OPEN THE GOVERNMENT (Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, 2
1⁄2days ago, Democrats shut down the Federal Government in an attempt to score political points at the expense of the American people. Democrats chose to ignore the impact that this has on our Nation. Over 2 million troops go unpaid as they bravely continue to serve and protect us. Nine million American children— 16,000 of whom reside in Orange County—don’t have the longterm assurance of healthcare coverage. Mr. Speaker, this is no way to run a government. The vast majority of Democrats do not disagree with any part of the Housepassed continuing resolution, yet they chose to shutter the Government over unrelated issues. Democrat leadership chose this reckless course of action at the expense of the American people. Open the government. Stop this reckless political ploy, and let us get on with serving the American people. f 
GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, it is important for us to understand why we are here. We are here because the Republican majority in the House and the Senate and the President of the United States have not funded the government. Secondly, we also are here because there are a number of issues on which I think there is agreement in both Houses that have not been brought to the floor irrespective of the majority’s will. It appears, from what the Senate leader has said, that there is an agreement in the Senate, and, perhaps—and I think probably—we will move forward today to open up the government. But I hope my Republican colleagues do not misinterpret what is happening because the issues will not go away. Between now and February 8, if that is the date, we must resolve how we are going to fund the government—that is what has held us up—and we must bring to this floor a bill to protect people whom the President of the United States said we ought to protect. Let’s do it. Let’s do our work. 
WHY CAN’T THE REPUBLICAN MAJORITY PASS A BUDGET? (Mr. PERLMUTTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I am going to ask the Speaker: How is it that the Republican majority, in really less than a month, could pass legislation that was the biggest transfer of wealth to the wealthiest people in America through this giant tax cut that costs every single American $7,000 or more, but the Republican majority cannot pass a budget that they have had a year to pass, that addresses our military, that addresses healthcare, that addresses pensions, that addresses the DREAMers, and that addresses a whole variety of things? Why can’t it get done? Why is the only thing that the Republican majority has found the will to pass is giant tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans? That is really the question that people should be asking. Here we are, we can’t even pass a budget to keep the government open. 
I ask my friends to continue to ask that question of the majority party. 
THE ACT OF NO DEAL (Mr. DOGGETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, more and more Americans are recognizing that Donald Trump is unfit to be President—his divisive tactics, his racism, and his mendacity—but this Trump shutdown has shown further that he is truly incapable of being President. His fabled dealmaking ability appears to be just a television act. When he reaches an agreement, his extremist cohorts will not let him close the deal. He mistakes tweeting for government. He just cannot lead. Since this Trump shutdown began, this selfdescribed ‘‘stable genius’’ has failed to hold a single bipartisan meeting, nor even make a public appearance, though he did dispatch his son, Eric, to declare—amazingly—that the government shutdown is a ‘‘good thing for us.’’ It is not a good thing for America. This Congress must lead in supporting the needs of our people and recognizing that we must put America first in this situation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
THE TRUMP SHUTDOWN (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, this is day three of the Trump shutdown. How many more extensions are Republicans going to ask for before passing a longterm budget? Yes, as we speak right now, the Senate is getting ready to pass yet another temporary continuing resolution until February 8. At the end of this month, we will hear from the President at the State of the Union without having addressed the critical needs of the American people. The White House and the Republicans in Congress are failing the American people by kicking the can down the road and not passing a budget that will reauthorize CHIP while also funding community health clinics and teaching hospitals, not ensuring protections for 800,000 DREAMers, and not providing disaster relief. Finally, Mr. Speaker, let me take a strong opposition to the racist comments made previous to me by a Member who is one of my colleagues from California. He tried to equate immigration with violent criminals. Shame on him. Shame on him. DREAMers are not violent criminals. They are members of our Armed Forces, they are teachers, they are workers, and they are aspirations to our Nation. Shame on him for equating DREAMers with violent criminals. GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN (Ms. PELOSI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. PELOSI. Here we are, Mr. Speaker, another day to take a deep breath. As you know, our responsibility is to pass a budget that meets the needs of the American people. Since September 30, which was the end of the fiscal year, we have not done that. Today, we are gathered to do our fifth continuing resolution. You know all the statements that have been made by Secretary Mattis and others about how destructive that is to our national security. I want to make a few points. First of all, I want to say that a dark cloud is lying over the Capitol, and that is the Trump GOP tax scam. Under that legislation, nearly $2 trillion will be added to the national debt. That is bad enough in itself, but it also has cast a shadow over the ability of this House to honor its responsibilities to the American people. We take an oath of office to protect and defend the American people and our Constitution. We know that is our first responsibility, and we stand ready to join in funding our military to do that. So for the Republicans to say that we are shutting down the government because we didn’t want—we weren’t shutting down the government. You shut down the government. But let’s put that aside for now as we go forward. One, let us stipulate to the fact that we will all agree that we need to support our troops in the manner that the mission that is established calls for. Two, the other part of that debate is about the domestic agenda. The domestic agenda includes opioids and veterans, issues like that, that are part of our national security, homeland security, Veterans’ Affairs, State Department, and antiterrorism activities at the Justice Department—the list goes on—of things that are part of the security function that are on the domestic side. Our colleagues on the Republican side of the aisle have been reluctant to support domestic agendas. That is just the way it is, and I think that is one of the reasons the Speaker has increased the defense spending so that he can get their votes even though they didn’t want to vote for the domestic spending. But if we are going to honor the commitment, not the dollar figure that is in the authorization of the Department of Defense bill, and honor the budget agreement, we will be adding $300 billion to the deficit maintaining parity. b1245 I just want our Republican colleagues to know that when they are voting for a CR that takes us to the next step, that next step, if it honors the commitments that have been made, it will be $300 billion over and above the $2 trillion. I just say that because I have heard you say: Well, we have a big deficit, so we have to look at Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and all of those initiatives. If we are not going to honor that, and we are not going to honor other commitments because of this tax scam and this Trump shutdown, then we have a problem going forward. So, yes, we are here about values. It is not about one set of children versus another. It is about our values. The Republicans have put forth what they did with CHIP—which the Senate has never shown much of an interest in— and all of a sudden, CHIP was their chit. CHIP was their chit. They put that on the table, and they said: America is a country of ‘‘Sophie’s Choice.’’ You either choose the DREAMers, or you choose the CHIP kids. We all support all of that. America can take care of all of its children— their safety, their health, and their wellbeing. The dark cloud of the tax bill is a real problem as we go forward in the decisions we have to make to meet the needs of the American people. As Mr. HOYER said, this is a budget debate. The DREAMers part of it is a part that has come into it, but if there never was a DREAMer on the face of the Earth—thank God, there are DREAMers—but if there never were, we still have this challenge: the lack of interest on the part of Republicans in the House to vote for a domestic budget that meets the needs of the American people, using the excuse of the budget deficit, which didn’t seem to bother them when they gave away the store to the richest people in the country, the top 1 percent and corporate America. As we face this decision today, it is a nodrama event, as far as I am concerned. The Senate Democrats’ movement, in terms of getting a commitment on how we go forward on the budget and how we go forward on DREAMers, good for them. Our Members will make their decision about how they wish to vote. But understand this: this isn’t just about the DREAMers. This is about who we are as a nation, in terms of honoring what we care about most in our country and how we put that into a budget in terms of fighting the opioid epidemic; meeting the needs of our veterans, especially in terms of infrastructure; issues that relate to the National Institutes of Health and their investments there; CHIP, really, with the community health centers; medical education for primary care doctors; and the list goes on and on. This will be a lively debate about a number of subjects, as we go forward. But understand this: it is going to increase the national debt. It didn’t have to have such an impact if we didn’t have the GOP tax scam, which led to the Trump shutdown. 
PASS A REAL BUDGET FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE (Mr. RASKIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I represent 88,000 Federal workers in the Eighth Congressional District of Maryland who want to do their jobs for the American people. They are DREAMers, too, and they are doers. They work at NIH, NOAA, the National Cancer Institute, the Food and Drug Administration, the Department of Defense, and the State Department. My constituents and the people across the country who depend on them are in limbo because of the irresponsibility, the indolence, and the incompetence of President Trump, who called on his tweet machine for a ‘‘good shutdown’’ of the American Government that he barely opened up in the first place. They worked overtime to get all of the Republicans behind their obscene tax break for the richest 1 percent of the country and foreign investors in Saudi Arabia, China, and the Cayman Islands, but they could not be bothered to pass a budget for the American people, which is our central constitutional function. They don’t mind shutting down the government for the fifth time in 30 years, as long as their big campaign donors get the huge legislative payoff they are waiting for. Let’s do our job, and let’s pass a real budget for the American people. 
LET’S COME TO A COMPROMISE (Mr. MCNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ask both sides of this Chamber to stop bickering and fingerpointing and start listening to each other. Let’s come to a compromise. This government shutdown is a disgrace to this Congress and hurtful to this country. Both sides are blaming each other, and the American people are shaking their heads in disgust and disbelief. Both sides have valid points, but, in this case, partial rights actually make a wrong. The government needs continuous funding. The military needs funding. Domestic programs, such as homeland security, children’s health, and the opioid epidemic, need proper funding. DACA needs a solution. The southern border needs securing. Mr. Speaker, I ask Members of the House, let’s work together and find reasonable compromises for these important issues. Let’s look at each other as honorable people. 
CONGRESS NEEDS TO GET BACK TO WORK (Mr. RYAN of Ohio asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, this is about Members of Congress doing their job. The number one function of a Congress is to put out a budget. This Congress spent the last 6 to 8 months giving away $2 trillion to the wealthiest people in the country, and now we come to do a budget and say: Well, we don’t have any money. We have priorities here, and it is about taking care of people who are getting hurt. It is about a gentleman who drove a truck for 40 years, missing baseball games and soccer matches because he was on the road. Now that he needs his pension, it is cut in half, and this Congress isn’t doing a damn thing about it. It is about the coal miner who climbed into a dirty hole for 40 years and now wants a pension. The Republican leadership here is absent. It is about healthcare for kids, and it is about 11 million kids who are going to law school, going to college, going to med school, and all they want is a chance to sleep good at night. This Congress needs to get back to work. f 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON ETHICS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following resignation as a member of the Committee on Ethics: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 20, 2018. Speaker PAULD. R YAN, Washington, DC. DEARSPEAKER RYAN: In light of media reports with regards to a settlement reached between my office and a former employee, I hereby resign from the House Committee on Ethics effective January 20, 2018. Throughout this process, I have been in communication with the Committee and sought to handle a difficult matter ethically, appropriately and in accordance with guidance issued by the Committee. All actions were taken on the advice of the House Employment Counsel and I firmly deny the nature of the allegations made in this claim. However, with a great respect for the integrity of the Committee, and the absolute need for any subsequent investigation of this matter to be beyond doubt and above reproach, I feel it is best for me to remove myself from the Committee at this time. Sincerely, PATRICK MEEHAN , Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignation is accepted. There was no objection. 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO A CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the House Republican Conference, I send to the desk a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: H. R ES. 710 Resolved, That the following named Member be, and is hereby, elected to the following standing committee of the House of Representatives: COMMITTEE ON ETHICS : Mr. Ratcliffe. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 53 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1731 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. BYRNE ) at 5 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 22, 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Clerk received the following message from the Secretary of the Senate on January 22, 2018, at 5:06 p.m.: That the Senate agree to the amendment of House of Representatives to the Senate amendment with an amendment H.R. 195. That the Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 33. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
MAKING IN ORDER CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO HOUSE AMENDMENT TO SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 195, FEDERAL REGISTER PRINTING SAVINGS ACT OF 2017 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order 
at any time to take from the Speaker’s table H.R. 195, with the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the majority leader or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment; that the Senate amendment and the motion be considered as read; that the motion be debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the majority leader and the minority leader or their respective designees; and that the previous question be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without intervening motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
FEDERAL REGISTER PRINTING SAVINGS ACT OF 2017 Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to the order of the House of today, I call up the bill (H.R. 195) to amend title 44, United States Code, to restrict the distribution of free printed copies of the Federal Register to Members of Congress and other officers and employees of the United States, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment. Senate amendment to House amendment to Senate amendment: 
On page 1, line 6, strike øFebruary 16¿ and insert: February 8. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the motion. The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. McCarthy moves that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 195. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the order of the House of today, the motion shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the majority leader and minority leader or their respective designees. The gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ) each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 4 minutes. Mr. Speaker, for 3 days, the Nation has watched as tens of thousands of Federal employees were forced to stay home; as our men and women in uniform went without pay; as opioid treatment centers got cut off; and as parents faced the harrowing prospect that their children would lose their health insurance. The American people never wanted this to happen. Republicans in Congress did not want this to happen. We did everything in our power to make sure this didn’t happen. The House passed a clean bill. A bipartisan majority in the Senate voted to pass that clean bill, but Senate Democrats shut it down. We were told this was about immigration, but Republicans already said we would sit at the table. We already were at the table every single day before this shutdown, negotiating in good faith. Despite this political drama, I remain eager to get back to the table and put this all behind us. So I must ask: What was gained here at the expense of the American people? What was gained at the expense of our Nation’s reputation as a great and deliberative Republic? Every policy in the House’s original bill, the Senate passed today. Every single policy is the same. If the Senate had passed this same bill on Friday, all this disgraceful political theater would have never happened. Now, as it always should have been, our government will open, our troops will be paid, and our children will have health insurance. But that is not enough. We cannot continue to repeat the same mistakes again. As my father used to tell me, it is not your mistakes that define you; it is what you learned from them. So let’s commit to each other and to the American public that we will not continue to fund our government through these shortterm CRs. Let’s commit that we will pass through both Houses every appropriations bill with full funding for our troops, full funding for our defense, and full funding for every service our government owes to its people. We all know this shutdown was an embarrassment. It didn’t need to happen. It should have never happened, and it will not happen again. That, Mr. Speaker, is the government that the people want, the government that the people need, and the government that the American people deserve. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 31⁄2minutes. Mr. Speaker, as I said this morning, the reason why the government shut down is because the Republican majority has failed to fund the government. They have the majority of the House, the majority of the Senate, and the Presidency of the United States. And with all due respect to my friend, the majority leader, five previous shutdowns were purposefully perpetrated by my Republican friends; the last for 16 days. The continuing resolution on the floor today reflects that failure. It does not, 9 months after we should have been done, establish the level of spending for this fiscal year. It is 9 months late. As a result, another continuing resolution may be inevitable. And in this resolution, we will extend the harmful effects of another CR to both defense and nondefense agencies for another 17 days. That means that Congress will be more than 4 whole months into the fiscal year without a budget agreement. This is dangerous, Mr. Speaker, both to our military and to our civilian agencies, each of which require budget certainty. Before February 8, Republicans must work with Democrats to resolve the issues at hand. This means working together to lift the budget caps in accordance with the principle of parity, which Speaker RYANagreed to over the past 4 years and should continue to today and in the future. It also means working in a bipartisan, bicameral way to address the status of DREAMers, now that President Trump created a crisis with his ending of the DACA program. Congress should act responsibly to allow these young people to stay, as more than 80 percent of Americans believe should be done. Mr. Speaker, it requires reauthorizing community health centers and other critical health programs essential to complement the passage of the CHIP reauthorization, which is included in this CR. We also have a responsibility to help those impacted by the devastating hurricanes in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands; those affected by the wilderness fires in California; and communities struggling to combat opioid abuse. Congress must not waste the next 17 days as it has the last 114. I will be voting ‘‘no,’’ Mr. Speaker, on this continuing resolution, not because I don’t want to see it pass, but because it does not guarantee that Congress will address the issues that have been referenced. I pray that neither I nor Congress will be in this same position come February 8. I hope we will address in a positive manner the issues before us. I am now pleased, Mr. Speaker, to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), the minority leader. (Ms. PELOSI asked and was given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and I associate myself fully with his remarks. I thank the gentleman, Mr. HOYER , for his great leadership. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Republican’s latest stopgap funding bill. I take great pride in House Democrats overwhelmingly supporting the first continuing resolution in September to give the majority a chance to get the job done. But after months of Republicans’ excuses and extensions, I refuse to be an 
enabler to the Republicans’ failures any longer. This past week once again exposed the utter incompetence of the Republicancontrolled government. Here we are ending the Trump shutdown with Republicans’ fourth stopgap shortterm bill. The Republicans have failed to get their act together for the fourth time to fund the government for a full year. In August, Defense Secretary Mattis was asked: What would be the effect of another stopgap shortterm spending bill on the military? You all know he replied: ‘‘It just creates unpredictability. It makes us rigid. We cannot deal with new and revealing threats. We know our enemies are not standing still.’’ ‘‘So it’s about as unwise as can be.’’ Mr. Speaker, there are also other statements for the RECORD to that effect from the Navy Secretary, et cetera. Now, the Trump shutdown will end, but Republicans’ wasteful incompetence continues. There is a dark cloud over the Capitol, Mr. Speaker: the deficitexposing GOP tax scam, which has added nearly $2 trillion to the national debt. The Republicans have made their choice: tax breaks for corporations and the wealthiest are more important than certainty for our military. Republicans control the House, the Senate, and the White House. They control what bills we vote on in Congress. We could have brought up a long term bill long before now. b1745 We have placed our suggestions on the table as to what would be on the domestic side of that: resources for the opioid epidemic that kills 94 people every day in our country, for funding for veteran infrastructure and services, for saving millions of Americans’ pensions in crisis today, for funding community health centers and lifesaving research at the NIH, for childcare for hardworking parents, for protecting patriotic young DREAMers, and, as our distinguished whip said earlier, for making sure we have the resources for those affected by hurricanes, fires, and especially our folks in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. Because of the Republican majority’s weakness, we still do not have a long term spending bill that funds the military and the domestic investments that keep America strong. We take an oath of office to protect and defend. Now we have to fund that. We have not delivered strong disaster recovery funding to Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and other victims of hurricanes. Congressional Democrats continue to propose bipartisan solutions, but Republicans refuse to take yes for an answer. We have not protected our courageous young DREAMers. Not only should we protect them, we should embrace them and value them. We should be grateful for the inspiration they are to America. This is about meeting the needs of the American people. It is also about honoring the values that have made our Nation a beacon to the world. Today we end the Trump shutdown, but it does not diminish our leverage or our determination on the Democratic side to meet the needs of the American people. Democrats are united in our determination to get the job done. We are unified for a better deal, better jobs, better pay, and a better future. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to Republicans’ latest stopgap funding bill. I take great pride in House Democrats overwhelming support for the first continuing resolution in September. But after months of Republican excuses and extensions, I refuse to enable Republicans’ failure any longer. The past week has once again exposed the utter incompetence of Republicancontrolled government. Here we are, ending the Trump shutdown with Republicans’ 4th stopgap, shortterm bill; the 4th time Republicans have failed to get their act together to fund the government for a full year. In August, Defense Secretary Mattis was asked: what would be the effect of another stopgap, short term spending bill on the military? ‘‘It just creates unpredictability,’’ he said. ‘‘ It makes us rigid. We cannot deal with new and revealing threats. We know our enemies are not standing still . . . So it’s about as unwise as can be.’’ Navy Secretary Richard Spencer has said: ‘‘We have put $4 billion in a trash can, poured lighter fluid on it, and burned it . . . Four billion is enough to buy a squadron of F–35s, two Arleigh Burkeclass destroyers, 3,000 Harpoon missiles. It’s enough money to buy us additional capacity that we need. Instead, it’s lost, because of inefficacy in the ways of the continuing resolution.’’ Now, the Trump shutdown will end, but Republicans’ wasteful incompetence continues. There’s a dark cloud over the Capitol: the deficitexploding GOP tax scam—which has added nearly 2 trillion to the debt. Republicans made their choice: tax breaks for corporations and the wealthiest were more important than certainty for our military. Republicans control the House, the Senate and the White House—they control what bills we vote on in the Congress. So, my colleagues, why haven’t we voted: For resources for the opioid epidemic that kills 94 people every day? For funding our veterans’ infrastructure and services? For saving the millions of American pensions in crisis today? For funding community health centers & lifesaving research at NIH? For child care for hardworking parents? For protecting patriotic young DREAMers? Why were tax breaks for billionaires and corporations so urgent? 120 days after allowing CHIP to expire, Republicans suddenly claim to care about children on CHIP—but only as part of a cruel Sophie’s choice to pit sick children against DREAMers fearful for their future. Because of the Republican Majority’s weakness, we still do not have a longterm spending bill that funds the military and the domestic investments that keep our nation strong. We have not delivered strong disaster recovery funding for Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and other victims of hurricanes and wildfires. Congressional Democrats continue to propose bipartisan solutions. But Republicans refuse to take yes for an answer! We have not yet protected our courageous young DREAMers. Not only should we protect them, we should embrace them—value them. We should be grateful for the inspiration they are to America. This is about meeting the needs of the American people. This is about honor the values that make our nation a beacon to the world. Today, we end the Trump shutdown, but it does not diminish our leverage or our determination to meet the needs of the American people. Democrats are unified in our determination to get the job done. We are unified for our Better Deal: Better Jobs, Better Wages, Better Future. And our fight continues. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, we have 10
1⁄2days remaining before we have another crisis in funding our government. Those are legislative days. We have more calendar days. Let us try to use every one of those days to reach agreement on funding the government so we don’t have another CR, which all of us believe is bad fiscal policy and substantive policy. Mr. Speaker, I urge us to come together so that we can avoid another crisis like this and address the issues that we know need to be addressed. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN), the Speaker of the House. (Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I just want to say a few words about the last couple of days. I know there is great relief that this episode is coming to an end. This shutdown did not need to happen. However brief, it inflicted needless costs on the country. There are no winners here today—I want to make that clear—no winners except for, perhaps, the millions of families who depend on the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Soon the longest reauthorization in the program’s history is about to become law. But this is not a moment to pat ourselves on the back, not even close. We very much need to heed the lessons of what just happened here. We need to move forward in good faith: yes, on DACA and immigration and, yes, on funding our military so that it gets the resources that our military so badly needs. Let’s address these urgent challenges. Finally, I think all of us want to join in thanking the men and women who 
serve in our Armed Forces and who serve in our government around the country and around the globe. They and their families are the ones that kind of get caught up in things like this. For them, these aren’t political debates; they are livelihoods. The country’s safety and security depend on responsible governing. That is why I sincerely hope that we never find ourselves in this position again. I thank all of our Members for their patience this week. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to the order of the House of today, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the motion by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 266, nays 150, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Bera Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Cheney Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Nolan Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—150 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Beyer Biggs Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Correa Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gomez Gosar Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kind Krishnamoorthi Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond RosLehtinen Rosen RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Serrano SheaPorter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Amodei Barton Bridenstine Burgess Carson (IN) Cummings Garrett Granger Green, Gene Herrera Beutler Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Valadao ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, January 22, 2018, I missed the vote because I was attending the funeral of a family member in California. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 44. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 44. Stated against: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on January 22, 2018, I missed rollcall vote No. 44 because of illness. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’. 
PROVIDING FOR A CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 195 Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 33) providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 195, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
S. C ON. RES. 33 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Representatives concurring), That in the enrollment of the bill H.R. 195, the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall make the following corrections: (1) Insert before section 1 the following: ‘‘DIVISION A—FEDERAL REGISTER PRINTING SAVINGS ACT OF 2017’’. (2) In section 1, strike ‘‘Act’’ and insert ‘‘division’’. (3) Insert before section 2002 the following: ‘‘SEC. 154 (a) Employees furloughed as a result of any lapse in appropriations which begins on or about January 20, 2018, shall be compensated at their standard rate of compensation, for the period of such lapse in appropriations, as soon as practicable after such lapse in appropriations ends. ‘‘(b) For purposes of this section, ‘employee’ means: ‘‘(1) a Federal employee; ‘‘(2) an employee of the District of Columbia Courts; ‘‘(3) an employee of the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia; or ‘‘(4) a District of Columbia Government employee. ‘‘(c) All obligations incurred in anticipation of the appropriations made and authority granted by this division for the purposes 
of maintaining the essential level of activity to protect life and property and bringing about orderly termination of Government functions, and for purposes as otherwise authorized by law, are hereby ratified and approved if otherwise in accord with the provisions of this division. ‘‘SEC. 155. (a) If a State (or another Federal grantee) used State funds (or the grantee’s nonFederal funds) to continue carrying out a Federal program or furloughed State employees (or the grantee’s employees) whose compensation is advanced or reimbursed in whole or in part by the Federal Government— ‘‘(1) such furloughed employees shall be compensated at their standard rate of compensation for such period; ‘‘(2) the State (or such other grantee) shall be reimbursed for expenses that would have been paid by the Federal Government during such period had appropriations been available, including the cost of compensating such furloughed employees, together with interest thereon calculated under section 6503(d) of title 31, United States Code; and ‘‘(3) the State (or such other grantee) may use funds available to the State (or the grantee) under such Federal program to reimburse such State (or the grantee), together with interest thereon calculated under section 6503(d) of title 31, United States Code. ‘‘(b) For purposes of this section, the term ‘State’ and the term ‘grantee’ shall have the meaning as such term is defined under the applicable Federal program under subsection (a). In addition, ‘to continue carrying out a Federal program’ means the continued performance by a State or other Federal grantee, during the period of a lapse in appropriations, of a Federal program that the State or such other grantee had been carrying out prior to the period of the lapse in appropriations. ‘‘(c) The authority under this section applies with respect to any period in fiscal year 2018 (not limited to periods beginning or ending after the date of the enactment of this division) during which there occurs a lapse in appropriations with respect to any department or agency of the Federal Government which, but for such lapse in appropriations, would have paid, or made reimbursement relating to, any of the expenses referred to in this section with respect to the program involved. Payments and reimbursements under this authority shall be made only to the extent and in amounts provided in advance in appropriations Acts.’’. (4) Insert after section 2002 the following: ‘‘SEC. 2003. For the purposes of division D of Public Law 115–56, the time covered by such division shall be considered to include the period which began on or about January 20, 2018, during which there occurred a lapse in appropriations.’’. (5) Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘Making further continuing appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes’’. 
The concurrent resolution was concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following resignation as a member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 22, 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARSPEAKER RYAN: Pursuant to my election as Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Committee, I write to inform you that I am resigning from the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee in compliance with the rules of the Democratic Caucus. If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to contact me. Sincerely, JERROLD NADLER , Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignation is accepted. There was no objection. 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), my friend and the majority leader. (Mr. MCCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. On Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Tuesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. The House will recess no later than 5 p.m. and reconvene at approximately 8:35 p.m. for a joint session of Congress to receive the President’s State of the Union Address. Members are requested to be on the floor and seated no later than 8:20 p.m. On Wednesday, votes are no longer expected in the House. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business this Friday. In addition, the House will, once again, take up legislation to fund the Department of Defense for its fiscal year. This bill will be fully consistent with the National Defense Authorization Act, which passed the House and Senate last year on a bipartisan basis and was signed into law by President Trump. Mr. Speaker, this House has shown that we stand ready to rebuild America’s military and give our men and women in uniform the resources they need. I will now encourage our Senate colleagues to do the same. b1815 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that information. Today, both Chambers have passed the CR that takes us to February 8. That leaves 17 calendar days. I was going to say it did 6
1⁄2legislative days, but the gentleman has now given up probably half a day, as I understand it, which is Wednesday of the retreat. So, essentially, Mr. Speaker, we have 6 days between now and February 8 in which we will be in session. That makes it incumbent upon us that we come together, cooperate with one another, compromise, and send legislation from here to the Senate that the Senate can agree to. I want to say, I did not know the gentleman was going to mention that, but I want to see the Defense Department fully funded. But I also want to see fully funded departments that take care of the health of our people, the education of our children, domestic law enforcement, and relations between ourselves and the rest of the world in the State Department, and so many other agencies of government that are in the nondefense part of the budget. Mr. Speaker, I would tell my friend that I would hope we would come to an agreement very, very shortly on the overall spending levels so that we can pass both defense and nondefense priority issues. And I would say to my friend, all we are asking for in that context, as the gentleman knows, is what we have done over the last 4 years as a result of agreements between Speaker RYANand Senator M URRAY , so I would hope that we can proceed on that. Secondly, and there is so much to bring up, but the second thing I want to mention is, clearly, one of the issues that we have been so concerned about has been how we are going to treat the DREAMers in our country. As the gentleman knows my view, based upon polls that I have read, 85 percent of Americans essentially agree that we ought not send those young people, for the most part, out of the country away from their home to places they do not know, particularly when they are making such a positive contribution to our country. Now, while I said there were some 5
1⁄2 days left between now and the 8th, there are 10
1⁄2days in which to deal with the issue of the DREAMers. The gentleman and I, Senator CORNYN, and Senator D URBIN have been working. I look forward to working on that, and I hope that we work on it every calendar day that we have available—we won’t be in session, but we will work on that—so we can, in fact, come to an agreement so that those young people who the American people think ought to stay here and continue to be productive citizens, contributing individuals to our country, would be allowed to stay here, given a path to citizenship. I would hope that we could work toward that end. I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I can’t agree with him more. This body has passed all 12 appropriation bills. We do need a budget agreement. And we make progress; once we get that budget agreement, I firmly believe we can fund the rest of this year and 
next year going forward in what we actually need to get our jobs done. The gentleman is correct, we have met numerous times. I thought they have been very productive meetings dealing with DACA. We have narrowed the scope to four areas. I am excited to have the government back open. It also means we can be back at the table to solve this problem. I know we have a short time period. We have got a week left after the CR that we just passed, but I believe, working together, we can get this done. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that information. I am hopeful that we can agree on the underlying issue which led to the necessity for a CR and the temporary closing of government. That is the underlying agreement on what budget numbers will be, what our caps will be, how much discretionary funding we will have to spend both on defense and nondefense. That is at the core. When you fail to do that, you fail to pass appropriation bills, and you, therefore, have to repair to CRs, which everybody on this floor agrees is bad fiscal policy and should not be the way we do business. Secondly, I appreciate the majority leader’s leadership and engagement on the issue of solving the problem, or the challenge and the opportunity, I should say—not so much a problem, but an opportunity—of DREAMers. It is what the President, Mr. Speaker, asked us to do. Hopefully, we can, in fact, working in good faith with one another, get that done. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
REFUSAL TO GOVERN (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, the chaos Presidency has spawned a chaos Congress. Now that they control the White House as well, they still can’t govern— no more excuse, no more bogeyman Obama in the White House. Instead of governing, my esteemed Republican colleagues have spent the last year trying to rip healthcare away from children and families in order to give their billionaire friends a tax break. That is the only thing that they have accomplished: giving to the rich. Then, at 12:01 Saturday morning, Republicans told the American people that the United States is closed for business. This is the fifth time in 30 years that Republicans have shut down the Federal Government. It is the first time ever that a single party has controlled the entire Federal Government but still refused to keep the country running. Mr. Speaker, let us govern. Let them govern. If my Republican colleagues want to enter into good faith negotiations for a budget that fully funds the Federal Government and pursues bipartisanship priorities, such as funding community health centers, permanently reauthorizing CHIP, providing disaster relief, and protecting DREAMers, then you know where to reach me. f 
ABSENCE OF LEADERSHIP (Mrs. DEMINGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, as a former police chief, I have seen the effects of good government and I have seen the effects of bad government, and what we have seen over the last few days is bad government. As the party in charge of the Senate, the House, and the White House, the Republican majority has a responsibility to pass a budget that sustains critical services for the American people. Instead, they passed a $1.5 trillion tax giveaway, chose to ignore critical concerns, and push an antiimmigrant agenda. I have seen the horrible outcomes of trying to make one group of people afraid of another. I have seen the results of ignoring the real dangers to America, like racism, gun violence, poverty, and lack of opportunity. We are a nation of immigrants. As leaders of a pluralistic society, we have a responsibility to build a nation with compassion for people. But this shutdown was about more than immigration. It was about our military, our veterans, our seniors, our children, and adequate disaster relief. Mr. Speaker, I will not support a complete absence of leadership. I will continue to fight for real solutions. 
GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to say that, yes, I support keeping the government open. However, I cannot support the continuing resolution that came before this House today. Let me just say to America: I want you to understand it is not about not supporting our military. It has placed us in a position that we have to understand that we need to do both, just as Democrats and Republicans should work together. On this continuing resolution, it makes us, yes, give 6 years to CHIP. But what about the community health centers? What good is it to give us CHIP and not support community health centers? What good is it not to support our teaching hospitals? So I say to you, with Republicans in charge of the House, the Senate, and the White House, we could do better. Today, I proudly say to all of those women who marched across this Nation: I stand with you today because you marched for better healthcare. You marched so that we could have equality and equal treatment. That is why I proudly cast my vote as a ‘‘no.’’ f 
GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN (Mr. PEARCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, I was proud to just cast a ‘‘yes’’ vote to open the government back up. I would observe coming into the Capitol tonight that they had Members and staff all kind of in the same car line, so I just barely made it here for that vote. I have heard all day long that we should be funding the government for the full year, and we should be doing it right. In fact, we in the House have passed all 12 appropriations bills. They are sitting over in the Senate. If the Senate Schumer shutdown was desired not to occur, then all they could do is bring up those fullyear funding bills, allow them to come to the floor, and we fund our military, we fund all of the healthcare, the opioids, and every other single thing. That would require the Senate Democrats working with the Republicans over there, and we saw 2 days ago that is not going to happen. Today, under duress, it did, but we are still facing the same problem. We need nine Democrats in the Senate to help the Republicans get to the 60vote majority. 
DREAMERS (Mr. KHANNA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, thousands marched in every city across America for racial justice, gender equality, and a moral vision of America. Today, we let them down. It was not complicated what citizens wanted. They wanted a vote, a guaranteed vote in this Chamber about whether we would keep our word to the DREAMers, and we failed to deliver. Now, I have no doubt that most Democrats, Senators and congressmen, care about the DREAMers staying in this country, but citizens expect more. They want us not just to look at generic poll numbers or battleground districts. They want us to lead with our hearts because they are leading with their hearts. The question today, Mr. Speaker, is: When will the elected representatives be worthy of the courage of our citizens and the grassroots? 
LET’S GO ABOUT THE BUSINESS OF THE COUNTRY (Mr. GOHMERT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, we finally had a vote to ensure that the 
military gets the money that they need and deserve. They deserve to be paid even better, but they certainly do not deserve to have their funding cut, not holding our military hostage in demand for people who had come into the country illegally. The American public made clear that they did not want the whole country to suffer because they were being held hostage, while some folks demanded legality for people who came in illegally. Let’s keep things separately. Let’s keep our military going forward, and now let’s go about the business of the country. 
b1830 FACTCHECKING THE INACCURACIES (Mr. RICHMOND asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I come to the mike tonight just in a way of factchecking all of the inaccuracies that we hear. If Members listen to the White House, if Members listen to my colleagues on the other side, they pretend that this whole shutdown was over illegal immigrants versus American citizens. Our DREAMers, who came here as children through no fault of their own, were legal until the President decided to withdraw their legality and their documentation. He made them here undocumented. The second part of all of this is they are saying: Oh, we are funding our troops. It was General Mattis who said that funding the troops with a continuing resolution was debilitating for our armed services. So there are a lot of things that we hear, but on the House floor in this United States Congress, the one thing we owe to the American public and to our citizens is the truth, whether it is on our side or whether it is not. The truth is they have well over 230 Members. They could pass a budget if they wanted to. If they would work with both sides, then we could continue to do what the Congressional Black Caucus has done since the beginning of time, which is make this country a more perfect Union. 
OPPOSING HOLDING HOSTAGE UNRELATED BILLS (Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, for 3 years, I have waited for the moment here where I want to commend my colleagues in the Senate, the majority party, for exposing the fallacious argument that you can hold hostage unrelated bills before you pass spending bills. Frankly, we call upon them to pass the appropriations bills to fully fund the government through September. We in this body, last year, had passed all 12 separate appropriations bills, fully funding the military and other government functions all the way through September of this year. That needs to happen in the next 3 weeks, because we have only a 3week extension that we voted for. I am proud that the American public saw the false arguments that are being used, particularly on the other side of the aisle, where the minority party holds hostage funding bills and demands concessions on other nonrelated legislation. If they want to filibuster stuff over there, first of all, make them do it so the American public can see it, which happened over the last few days, and make it related to the bill on the floor at the time. f 
WHY I VOTED NO ON THE CONTINUING RESOLUTION (Mr. CLYBURN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to explain to the American people exactly why I voted ‘‘no’’ on this continuing resolution earlier today. If you look at all that has been said about the Children’s Health Insurance Program, what you are going to find is that we extended that program in this CR for 6 years with a savings of $1 billion. It is a sleight of hand, because we did not fund community health centers; we did not fund the disproportionate share hospitals, mostly rural in my district; we did not fund adequately the teaching hospitals. So if you wanted to really be honest with the American people, we could have extended the Children’s Health Insurance Program permanently and saved $6 billion and would have had enough money in the savings to expand our community health centers, to fund disproportionate share hospitals, and to fund teaching hospitals, that which we did not do, and I voted ‘‘no.’’ 
NOW WE CAN COMPLETE THE WORK AT HAND (Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I am so glad we are now back here with the government open. I have been here these last few days over the weekend with my staff working hard to make sure that we get our government open and working for its people, for its military families. Today, I was over on the Senate floor when the Senate closed its vote in support of reopening our government. Now we can complete the work at hand. This is incredibly important. I just wanted to mention this. I, too, actually, as a previous speaker talked about being detained in the security lines, was unavoidably detained in those same security lines, but I wanted to come here onto the House floor and make sure that folks know we are here hard at work, we are going to make sure that we move forward from this. I am looking forward to addressing the issues at hand, making sure that we get a longterm solution. I am pleased with the CHIP funding that we were able to put through. This is something we have been working on now for several months. The House has voted in support of this. I have supported it many times now. As an appropriator, we had gotten these bills funded months ago. I am looking forward to a permanent solution here so we can get about doing the people’s work. f 
SIDING WITH THE AMERICAN PEOPLE (Mr. ROHRABACHER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, the shutdown is over, at least temporarily. The American people should pay attention to what this was all about, how come the government shut down. The issue at hand which made sure that there was a separation, an opinion, that shut down the government was the following: should we be legalizing the status of 850,000 young people who were brought here illegally and came here illegally. The bottom line is we are talking about not tens, but hundreds, of millions, even billions, of dollars that would be siphoned away from that fund that we have here in Washington aimed at helping the American people. That money, the money that we have available for the veterans, available for seniors, available for our own young people, would be drained in order to give, yes, hundreds of millions of dollars to people who have come here illegally. Of course, 850,000 young people would then be given the right to bring in their relatives; so we are talking about millions of people being brought here because of 850,000 illegal young people here. The American people, whose side are we on? That was the question about this shutdown. Pay attention. The American people, will they have to have all of their resources drained away in order to take care of people who have come here illegally? No. I hope the American people pay close attention to who is siding with the American people versus who is siding with foreigners who have come here illegally and letting them suck up scarce funds here in Washington. 
ADJOURNMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BERGMAN ). Pursuant to section 2(b) of 
House Resolution 694, the House stands adjourned until 4 p.m. on Thursday, January 25, 2018. Thereupon (at 6 o’clock and 37 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Thursday, January 25, 2018, at 4 p.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3805. A letter from the Director, Office of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s joint final rule — Community Reinvestment Act Regulations (RIN: 3064AE58) received January 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3806. A letter from the Acting Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Allocation of Assets in SingleEmployer Plans; Benefits Payable in Terminated SingleEmployer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Valuing and Paying Benefits received January 4, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 3807. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s Annual Report of Interdiction of Aircraft Engaged in Illicit Drug Trafficking, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 22914(c); Public Law 103337, Sec. 1012 (as amended by Public Law 107108, Sec. 503); (115 Stat. 1405); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3808. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 1780, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3809. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Addition of Certain Entities to the Entity List [Docket No.: 140908761799902] (RIN: 0694AG29) received January 4, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3810. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17113, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3811. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17050, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3812. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17071, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3813. A letter from the Assistant Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Magnitsky Act Sanctions Regulations received January 4, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3814. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22230, ‘‘Health Literacy Council Establishment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3815. A letter from the Office of Policy, Regulations and Analysis, Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Oil Spill Financial Responsibility Adjustment of the Limit of Liability for Offshore Facilities [Docket ID: BOEM20170048; MMAA104000] (RIN: 1010AD98) received January 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were 1delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 1153. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to improve upon the definitions provided for points and fees in connection with a mortgage transaction (Rept. 115–522). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 1457. A bill to establish requirements for use of a driver’s license or personal identification card by certain financial institutions for opening an account or obtaining a financial product or service, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–523). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. HOYER (for himself, Mr. BEYER , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mr. C OHEN , Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Ms. L EE, Mr. T ED LIEUof California, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. POLIS, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. WALZ, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. GOMEZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. RASKIN , and Mr. K ENNEDY ): H.R. 4874. A bill making continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4875. A bill to provide for the compensation of Federal contractor employees that may be placed on unpaid leave as a result of the Federal Government shutdown, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. RUSH (for himself and Ms. CLARKE of New York): H.R. 4876. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to direct the Federal Communications Commission to conduct an annual inquiry on the availability of advanced telecommunications capability in broadband deserts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H. Con. Res. 100. Concurrent resolution providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 195; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. FOXX: H. Res. 710. A resolution electing a Member to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. By Mr. TAYLOR (for himself and Ms. TITUS): H. Res. 711. A resolution celebrating the 325th anniversary of the founding of the College of William & Mary in Virginia by British Royal Charter and congratulating President W. Taylor Reveley, III, after a decade of tremendous leadership as the 27th President of William & Mary; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MESSER (for himself, Mr. CRAMER , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. BIGGS, Ms. C HENEY , Mr. G RIFFITH , and Mrs. BLACK ): H. Res. 712. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the Senate should immediately change its rules and end the ‘‘modern’’ filibuster; to the Committee on Rules. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. HOYER: H.R. 4874. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Constitutional Authority—Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. I, Sec. 8, Clause 18) THE U.S. CONSTITUTION ARTICLE I, SECTION 8: POWERS OF CONGRESS CLAUSE 18 The Congress shall have power . . . To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4875. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 4876. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘[The Congress shall have Power] To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes;’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘[The Congress shall have Power] To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 169: Mr. C ORREA . H.R. 173: Mr. WALDEN , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. SENSENBRENNER , and Mr. S MITH of New Jer sey. H.R. 389: Mr. CORREA . H.R. 466: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 547: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 975: Ms. JAYAPAL and Ms. H ANABUSA . H.R. 1155: Mr. GRIFFITH . H.R. 1227: Ms. HANABUSA . H.R. 1279: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 1322: Mr. BUTTERFIELD . H.R. 1341: Mr. LOUDERMILK . H.R. 1342: Mr. PALAZZO . H.R. 1445: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 1536: Mr. DONOVAN , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. THOMPSON of California, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. LOWENTHAL , and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 1789: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 1794: Mr. PETERS , Ms. T SONGAS , Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 1825: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 1928: Mr. KILDEE , Ms. S INEMA , Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. RUIZ, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. GALLAGHER , Mr. R EICHERT , and Mr. SCHNEIDER . H.R. 1972: Mr. TURNER , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. JONES , Mr. H ARPER , and Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 2166: Mr. MOOLENAAR . H.R. 2220: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 2652: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 2778: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 2925: Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. E VANS . H.R. 2996: Mr. SANFORD and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 3635: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 3761: Mr. CULBERSON . H.R. 3790: Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 4007: Mr. BERA, Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. N EAL, and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H.R. 4099: Mr. KINGof New York, Mr. C ALVERT , and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 4143: Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 4270: Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 4391: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 4392: Mr. HUFFMAN and Mr. B RENDAN  F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4505: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4506: Mr. GOMEZ , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. KILMER , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 4547: Mr. RUIZ, Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. REED. H.R. 4666: Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 4747: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 4760: Mr. FERGUSON , Mr. L ONG, Mr. HENSARLING , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. BISHOP of Utah, and Mr. S CHWEIKERT . H.R. 4779: Mr. JONES . H.R. 4782: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 4793: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, and Mr. L AMBORN . H.R. 4796: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 4798: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 4815: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 4820: Mr. PALLONE , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. SARBANES , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. L EE, and Mr. PETERS . H.R. 4827: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. C OSTA , Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. SMITH of Washington, and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 4829: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 4831: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 4852: Mr. WITTMAN , Mr. F ERGUSON , Mr. MAST, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 4871: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. M CNERNEY, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland, Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. WALZ, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. GARAMENDI , Ms. S HEAPORTER , Mr. K EATING , Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. V EASEY , Ms. HANABUSA , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. M ENG, and Mr. CORREA . H. Res. 245: Mr. GOODLATTE . H. Res. 307: Mr. NORMAN . H. Res. 644: Mr. CURTIS . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S429 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JANUARY 22, 2018 No. 15 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable ROB PORTMAN , a Senator from the State of Ohio. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God Almighty, may our lawmakers take refuge in the shelter of Your wisdom and providence. Remind them that You are the potter and they are the clay. As they trust You to make the vessel You desire, fill their hearts with willingness to know and do Your will. Lord, give them the wisdom to trust You to open doors that no one can shut, and close doors that no one can open. Do for them more than they can ask or imagine. In all they do, may they live for Your glory. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 